--- Page 1 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
1
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Petroleum Geo-Services AS 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Joint Lead Managers: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oslo, 19 December 2023

--- Page 2 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
2
Important information 
 
The Base Prospectus is based on sources such as annual reports and publicly available information and forward-
looking information based on current expectations, estimates and projections about global economic conditions, as 
well as the economic conditions of the regions and industries that are major markets for Petroleum Geo-Services 
AS’ (the Company) and Guarantors’ (including subsidiaries and affiliates) lines of business. 
 
A prospective investor should consider carefully the factors set forth in Chapter 1 Risk factors, and elsewhere in the 
Prospectus, and should consult his or her own expert advisers as to the suitability of an investment in the bonds. 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any bonds includes a legend 
titled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" and/or "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the bonds 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (‘EEA’) and/or in the United Kingdom (the 
“UK”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) (and for UK, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation)) 
for offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA and/or the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA and/or the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation and/ or the UK PRIIPS Regulation. 
 
MiFID II product governance and/or UK MiFIR product governance – The Final Terms in respect of any bonds 
will include a legend titled “MiFID II product governance” and/or “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the bonds and which channels for distribution of the bonds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
This Base Prospectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Lead Managers, available at their 
websites (www.dnb.no and www.paretosec.com).  
 
The Joint Lead Managers and/or any of their affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and employees may be 
a market maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this Base Prospectus and 
may perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to such instruments. The Joint Lead 
Managers' corporate finance department may act as manager or co-manager for this Company and/or Guarantors 
in private and/or public placement and/or resale not publicly available or commonly known.   
 
Copies of this Base Prospectus are not being mailed or otherwise distributed or sent in or into or made available in 
the United States. Persons receiving this document (including custodians, nominees and trustees) must not 
distribute or send such documents or any related documents in or into the United States. 
 
Other than in compliance with applicable United States securities laws, no solicitations are being made or will be 
made, directly or indirectly, in the United States. Securities will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration or an applicable exemption from 
registration requirements. 
 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus may be limited by law also in other jurisdictions, for example in non-EEA 
countries. Approval of the Base Prospectus by Finanstilsynet (the Norwegian FSA) implies that the Base Prospectus 
may be used in any EEA country. No other measures have been taken to obtain authorisation to distribute the Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
 
The Base Prospectus dated 19 December 2023 together with a Final Terms and any supplements to these 
documents constitute the Prospectus. 
 
The content of this Base Prospectus does not constitute legal, financial or tax advice and potential investors should 
seek legal, financial and/or tax advice. 
 
Unless otherwise stated, this Base Prospectus is subject to Norwegian law. In the event of any dispute regarding 
the Base Prospectus, Norwegian law will apply.

--- Page 3 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
3
TABLE OF CONTENTS:  
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..............................................................................4 
1 RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................5 
2 DEFINITIONS ................................................................................................................. 14 
3 PERSONS RESPONSIBLE .................................................................................................. 17 
STATEMENTS REGARDING REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 ....................................................... 18 
4 INDEPENDENT AUDITORS ................................................................................................ 19 
5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTORS ................................................ 20 
6 BUSINESS OVERVIEW ..................................................................................................... 24 
7 ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE ........................................................................................ 27 
8 TREND INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... 28 
9 ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES ............................................. 29 
10 MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS ................................................................................................ 39 
11 FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY'S AND THE GUARANTORS’ 
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES................ 42 
12 DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE ................................................................................................ 59 
13 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS THAT CAN BE ISSUED UNDER THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................ 60 
CROSS REFERENCE LIST .................................................................................................... 70 
JOINT LEAD MANAGERS' DISCLAIMER ................................................................................. 71 
ANNEX 1A-14B FINANCIAL INFORMATION ............................................................................ 72 
ANNEX 15 TEMPLATE FOR FINAL TERMS FOR FIXED AND FLOATING RATE BONDS .................... 73 
ANNEX 16 ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE CHART ................................................................. 74

--- Page 4 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
4
Description of the Base Prospectus 
 
Under this Base Prospectus (as supplemented and amended from time to time), the Issuer may from time to time 
issue and list bonds (“Bonds”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealer.  
The Bonds will be issued on a senior basis as secured or unsecured, with fixed or floating interest rate. The 
Bonds may have put- and call options and they may be green or sustainability-linked. 
The Bonds will be electronically registered in the Norwegian Central Securities Depository or any other CSD that 
allows for bonds issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form. 
There is no limit with regard to the maximum aggregate nominal amount of all bonds from time to time 
outstanding under the prospectus. However, each issue of bonds will have either a given borrowing amount in the 
case where there is only one tranche, or a given borrowing limit in the case of more than one tranche.     
The Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to any dealer that the Issuer decides upon.  
The Base Prospectus is valid within twelve months from the date of the Base Prospectus. 
Information on website(s) mentioned in the Base Prospectus/the Final Terms does not form part of the Base 
Prospectus/the Final Terms unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus/the 
Final Terms.

--- Page 5 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
5
1 Risk factors   
Investing in bonds issued by Petroleum Geo-Services AS and guaranteed by the Guarantors involves inherent 
risks.   
 
For the purpose of this document, the risk factors for the Company and the Guarantors are deemed to be 
equivalent. 
 
The risks and uncertainties described in the Prospectus are risks of which the Company is aware and that the 
Company considers to be material to its business. If any of these risks were to occur, the Company’s and/or the 
Guarantor’s business, financial position, operating results or cash flows could be materially adversely affected, 
and the Company and/or Guarantors could be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with the bonds. Prospective investors should carefully consider, among other things, the risk factors 
set out in this Base Prospectus, before making an investment decision.  
 
An investment in the bonds is suitable only for investors who understand the risk factors associated with this type 
of investment and who can afford a loss of all or part of their investment. 
 
1.1 Risks relating to the Group’s business activities and industry 
The demand for the Group’s services and products largely depends on the level of capital expenditures in 
the oil and gas industry 
The demand for the Group’s products and services has historically been dependent upon the level of capital 
expenditures by oil and gas companies for exploration, production and development activities., These 
expenditures are significantly influenced by prevailing hydrocarbon prices and expectations regarding future 
hydrocarbon prices, as well as by various other factors including the availability of financing to fund these 
activities and societal trends towards a low carbon future. This makes the Group’s market volatile. 
 
Oil and gas prices are volatile and are impacted by changes in the supply of and demand for oil and gas, 
expectations regarding future supply of, and demand for, hydrocarbons. An actual decline, or the perceived risk of 
a decline, in oil and/or natural gas prices could cause oil and gas companies to reduce their overall level of 
activity or spending, in which case demand for seismic services and products provided by the Group may decline 
and revenue may be adversely affected. 
 
During earlier periods of depressed commodity prices, many oil and gas exploration and production companies 
significantly reduced their levels of capital spending, including amounts dedicated to the purchase of marine 
seismic data and services, driving the volumes and prices for the Group’s products and services down and 
consequently also the Group’s profits. During the period 2014-2021, the demand for the Group’s services 
generally weakened and, consequently, the Group reported substantial losses as well as impairments of long-
term assets over those years. 
 
Turmoil in the credit markets and specifically in the credit market for the energy sector could also adversely affect 
the Group and its customers. Limited access to external funding has in the past caused some customers to 
reduce their capital spending levels. Some companies have found their access to liquidity constrained or subject 
to more onerous terms. In this context, the Group’s customers may not be able to borrow money on a timely basis 
or on reasonable terms, which could have a negative impact on their demand for the Group’s products and impair 
the ability of the Group’s customers to pay for the Group’s products and services on a timely basis, or at all. 
 
Increases in oil and natural gas prices may not increase demand for the Group’s services or may otherwise not 
have a positive effect on the Group’s financial condition or results of operations. Previously forecasted trends in 
oil and gas exploration and development activities may not continue, and demand for the Group’s products may 
not reflect the level of activity in the industry. For example, the relative attractiveness of conventional versus 
unconventional resources and onshore versus offshore resources may change. Further, the cost of 
extracting unconventional resources may be reduced to a level where conventional resources are less attractive. 
Unconventional resources are typically extracted without using the Group’s product or services. Moreover, even 
during periods of high commodity prices, customers may reduce their levels of capital expenditures for seismic 
exploration and production for a variety of reasons, including their lack of success in exploration efforts. The 
Group is dependent on utilizing its vessels and providing its services, and as such a change in attractiveness in 
the operational segments that the Group operates may have significant adverse effects on the Group. 
 
As the Group has incurred a substantial amount of debt, the Group is more exposed to a lack of capital 
expenditure by the oil and gas industry and similar forms of market volatility compared to other companies in the 
seismic industry with lower indebtedness. Such decrease in expenditure could materially impact the Group’s 
ability to generate sufficient cash from its operations to pay interest and amortization on its interesting bearing 
debt or its capability to satisfy financial covenants.

--- Page 6 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
6
The Group is subject to rapid and unpredictable transitions in its industry 
The pace and magnitude of the demand to shift from hydrocarbons to renewables remains unclear and difficult to 
predict. Civil society and numerous stakeholders (including governments) are increasingly encouraging the 
reduced consumption of carbon-based energy sources and the establishment of a more balanced energy mix, 
geared to low-carbon and renewable energy, to combat climate change. As social interest worldwide regarding 
the energy transition continues to grow, demand for renewables (as a partial or complete substitute for 
hydrocarbons) continues to increase. In this context, oil and gas companies may experience a shift in demand 
away from traditional oil and gas and toward lower-carbon sources of energy such as renewables. A major shift 
toward renewables could significantly impair the Group’s business by reducing demand for its services and 
impairing the value of its MultiClient library, vessels and other assets. 
 
As the Group mainly derives its income from activities related to hydrocarbons, the above-mentioned trends may 
over time reduce the demand for the Group’s products and services and consequently reduce its income. Such 
reduction in the Group’s activities will adversely affect its results of operations and thus reduce the value of the 
Bonds. 
 
The Group is dependent upon a small number of key clients 
The Group derives a significant amount of its revenues from a small number of clients each year. In 2022, the 
Group’s two largest customers accounted for 13% and 8% of its consolidated revenues, compared to 10% and 
7% in 2021 and 13% and 10% in 2020, respectively. However, the Group’s clients that contribute the largest 
proportion of the Group’s consolidated revenues may vary between years. This is attributable in part to the 
variable levels of capital expenditures, including spending for marine seismic data services, across the oil and gas 
industry. The absence of a stable stream of revenues from a subset of the Group’s customer base from one year 
to the next could adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, 
including the Group’s ability to be in compliance with its debt obligations. 
 
The Group is subject to intense competition 
A majority of the Group’s contracts are obtained through a competitive bidding process, which is standard for the 
seismic services industry in which the Group operates. Important factors in winning contracts include price, 
performance and timeliness of service, service quality, technological capacity, reputation, experience of 
personnel, customer relations and length of relationship. The Group has a number of competitors in marine 3D 
and 4D seismic acquisition, MultiClient data sales and imaging, and some of these competitors have greater 
financial and other resources than the Group. These and other competitors may be better positioned to withstand 
and adjust more quickly to volatile market conditions such as fluctuations in oil and gas prices and production 
levels, as well as changes in government regulations. 
 
The marine seismic market is in recovery from the low levels caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and disruptions 
to the oil market experienced in 2020. Despite a considerable reduction in the industry’s overall capacity, there is 
no guarantee that the capacity adjustment will result in improved pricing or profitable operations. In addition, if 
competitors increase their capacity (or do not further reduce capacity if demand decreases), an excess supply in 
the seismic services market could cause further downward pressure on prices. The competitive environment in 
which the Group operates could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations. 
 
Technological changes and new products and services are frequently introduced in the market 
The development of seismic data acquisition, processing and interpretation equipment has been characterized by 
rapid technological advancements. While the Group commits substantial resources to research and development, 
the Group may encounter resource constraints or technical or other difficulties that could delay the introduction of 
new and enhanced products and services in the future. The Group could see increased interest among its 
customers to utilize technologies other than those the Group operates, such as ocean bottom nodes. This may 
result in that the Group’s technology and equipment becoming obsolete. Moreover, new and enhanced products 
and services by the Group, if introduced, may not gain market acceptance and may be materially adversely 
affected by technological changes or product or service introductions by one of the Group’s competitors. 
 
The Group carries high fixed costs 
The Group is subject to high fixed costs which primarily consist of depreciation, maintenance expenses 
associated with the Group’s seismic data acquisition, processing and interpretation equipment and certain crew 
costs. Extended periods of significant unanticipated downtime or low productivity caused by reduced demand, 
weather interruptions, equipment failures, permit delays or other causes could reduce the Group’s profitability and 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition and results of operations because the Group will 
not be able to reduce its fixed costs as fast as revenues decline. 
 
The Group makes significant investment in property and equipment. As of 31 December 2022, the book value of 
the Group’s property and equipment was USD 740.4 million. A decline in demand for the Group’s services or 
changes in competitor capacity and technology may adversely impact the Group’s ability to recover the value of 
the assets invested and result in an impairment of those assets. Such impairment may affect the value of the 
Bonds and the assets serving as collateral and thus reduce the value of any investment in the Bonds.

--- Page 7 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
7
The Group is exposed to fuel price fluctuations 
During 2022 the Group had six 3D vessels available for operation. Operation of seismic vessels requires 
substantial fuel purchases, thus the Group is exposed to fuel price fluctuations. In the Group’s business, the 
Group incurred significant fuel costs, which in 2021 was approximately USD 45 million which increased to 
approximately USD 75 million in 2022. Fuel costs can vary significantly depending on the supply location, local 
regulations and the price of crude oil and the refined fuels used by the Group at a given time. The increased fuel 
prices seen in 2022 has led to increased fuel expenses for the Group. Of this cost increase, approximately 70% is 
driven by the price increase and the rest by increased activity level for the fleet. 
 
Only a portion of the variation of the fuel prices can be contractually charged to or negotiated with the client. The 
Group does not hedge against this exposure. Sudden and/or significant changes in fuel price could significantly 
affect fuel and other costs. The additional cost relating to fuel prices that will be borne by the Group may lead to 
reduced profit margins. 
 
The Group’s significant investments in its MultiClient seismic data may not be recovered 
The Group invests significant amounts of money in acquiring and processing seismic data that the Group owns or 
has (exclusive) license rights to, which is called MultiClient data. The Group’s MultiClient data library has a book 
value of USD 300.3 million as of 31 December 2022. The Group’s future MultiClient data license sales, including 
the timing of such licenses, are uncertain and depend on a variety of factors, many of which are beyond the 
Group’s control. By making such investments, the Group assumes the risk that it may not fully recover the cost of 
acquiring and processing the data through future sales. 
 
Subsequent to investing, technological or regulatory changes or other developments could materially adversely 
affect the value of the data. Regulatory changes that affect the ability of the Group’s customers to develop 
exploration programs (such as limitation on drillings), either generally or in a specific location where the Group 
has acquired seismic data, could materially adversely affect the value of the seismic data contained in the 
Group’s library. Technology changes could also make existing data obsolete. 
 
The value of the Group’s MultiClient data could be significantly adversely affected if any material adverse change 
occurs in the general prospects for oil and gas exploration, development and production activities in the areas 
where the Group acquires MultiClient data or more generally. 
 
The Group attempts to protect its MultiClient seismic data from misuse by customers primarily through contractual 
provisions that permit the use of the data only by that particular customer on a non-transferable basis. Such 
provisions can be effective only if misuse of the data by customers or third parties can be detected and if the 
Group’s rights can be enforced through legal action. If widespread misuse were to occur, the Group’s MultiClient 
revenues would be adversely affected. 
 
Any reduction in the market value of such data will require the Group to write down its recorded value, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations and financial condition, including the 
Group’s future ability to be compliant with the financial covenants pertaining to its financial indebtedness. 
 
The Group performs several contracts under turnkey arrangements 
Many of the Group’s contracts for seismic data acquisition are turnkey contracts, where the Group’s work is 
delivered at a predetermined fixed price. In submitting a bid on a turnkey contract, the Group estimates its costs 
associated with the project. However, the Group’s actual costs can vary from its estimated costs because of 
changes in assumed operating conditions (including weather, fishing activity, interference from other seismic 
vessels and other operating disturbances), exchange rates, fuel prices and equipment productivity, among others. 
In addition, the Group may bid too low as a result of market pricing pressure. As a result, the Group may 
experience reduced profitability or losses on projects if the Group’s bids on turnkey contracts are too low and/or 
actual costs exceed estimated costs. As the Group has incurred a substantial amount of debt, the Group is far 
more exposed to the outlined risks invariably connected with turnkey arrangements compared to similar 
companies in the seismic industry with lower levels of indebtedness. 
 
The Group is subject to taxation in many jurisdictions around the world 
The Group operates its vessels and production capacity in many jurisdictions around the world with increasingly 
complex tax laws and different laws may apply for MultiClient and contract services. The amounts of taxes the 
Group pays in these jurisdictions may depend on a variety of factors such as the length of a survey, legal or 
contractual structure, changes in laws or their interpretations by the relevant taxing authorities, which could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s liquidity and results of operations. In addition, those authorities could 
review the Group’s tax returns and impose additional taxes and penalties, which could be material. The Group 
has identified issues in several jurisdictions that could eventually make the Group liable to pay material amounts 
in taxes relating to prior years. The most significant issues are in Brazil where the Group has ongoing tax disputes 
relating to the charter of vessels into Brazil. The assessments, which inter alia seek to levy 15% withholding tax 
and 10% CIDE (service) tax, amounts to USD 38.1 million in total per 31 December 2022. Other jurisdictions 
where the Group has identified tax contingencies include Indonesia, Nigeria, Ghana, Colombia and Canada.  In

--- Page 8 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
8
addition, there may in the future be other claims from governmental tax authorities for unpaid tax amounts as well 
as additional issues identified by the Group that it is currently not aware of. 
 
The Group’s order book estimates are based on certain assumptions and are subject to unexpected 
adjustments and cancellations 
The Group’s order book estimates represent those estimated future revenues relating to projects for which a client 
has executed a contract, the Group has received a written letter of intent or where all major contract terms are 
agreed. Order book estimates are based on a number of assumptions and estimates including assumptions 
related to foreign exchange rates and proportionate performance of contracts and the Group’s valuation of assets, 
such as seismic data, to be received by the Group as payment under certain agreements. The realization of the 
Group’s order book estimates is further affected by the Group’s performance under day rate contracts, as the 
early or late completion of a project under day rate contracts will generally result in decreased or increased, as 
the case may be, revenues derived from these projects. 
 
In accordance with industry practice, contracts for the provision of seismic services typically can be cancelled at 
the sole discretion of the client without payment of significant cancellation costs to the service provider. As a 
result, even if contracts are included in the Group’s order book, such contracts may not be wholly executed by the 
Group, generate actual revenue or not be renegotiated at a lower price, or even that the total costs already 
incurred by us in connection with the contract would be covered in full pursuant to any 
cancellation clause. Even where a project proceeds as scheduled, it is possible that the client may default and fail 
to pay amounts owed to the Group. Material delays, payment defaults and cancellations could reduce the amount 
of the Group’s order book currently reported, and consequently, could inhibit the conversion of that order book 
into revenues. 
 
Due to having substantial amounts of debt, breach of assumptions or clients cancelling contracts would to a 
greater extent impact the Group’s financial condition compared to its peers within the seismic industry that have 
lower levels of indebtedness and are thus not as exposed to unexpected events such as clients cancelling service 
agreements. 
 
1.2 Risks relating to the Group’s financial situation 
The Group’s substantial amount of debt could adversely affect its financial health 
The Group has as of 30 September 2023 a substantial amount of debt and significant debt service obligations. 
Such debt includes the Bond Issue in the amount of USD 450 million (the “Bonds”), a term loan B in the amount of 
USD 69.8 million (the “TLB”), a loan in the amount of USD 75 million (the “Notes”), a super senior loan in the 
amount of USD 50 million (the “Super Senior Loan”), and an export credit financing in the amount outstanding of 
USD 144.9 million (the “ECF”). Further, the Group may, subject to the Bond Terms and the Group’s other credit 
agreements, incur additional indebtedness in the future. 
 
The high level of debt could have important negative consequences for the Group. The Group will for the 
foreseeable future be required to dedicate a large portion of its cash flow from operations to pay interest and 
manage repayments on the Group’s debt. This increases the Group’s vulnerability to volatility in the financial 
markets and adverse general economic or industry conditions. It can also limit the cash flow available to fund 
operations, necessary capital expenditures and growth. The already high level of debt could also limit the Group’s 
ability to raise additional debt to fund operations, if required, and restrict the Group from making strategic 
acquisitions or exploiting business opportunities. 
 
In addition, a smaller portion of the Group’s long-term debt bears interest at variable rates that are linked to 
changing market interest rates. With the variable interest rate debt portion as of 30 September 2023, an 
immediate increase of the variable market interest rate by 1 percentage point will increase the annual interest cost 
for the Group by approximately USD 2 million. As of 30 September 2023, the Group had USD 194.8 million of 
outstanding floating interest rate debt, with interest rates based on three to six-month SOFR rates, plus a margin. 
The cash balance and restricted cash for debt service was USD 188.6 million at 30 September 2023 and earning 
interest based on floating interest rate.  
 
Although the Group may change its exposure to variable interest rates by entering into interest rate swaps, 
financial hedging products may be expensive and the Group may not be able to change its interest exposure in 
the future or hedge adequately. As a result, an increase in market interest rates could increase the Group’s 
interest expense and its debt service obligations, but not to a large extent since 75% of its gross debt is on fixed 
interest rate and taking cash balances into account 99% of net debt is on fixed interest rate debt 
 
The Group’s credit agreements contain, and future credit agreements may contain, financial covenants 
which the Group could fail to meet 
The Group’s credit agreements and the Bond Terms require the Group to satisfy a maximum total net leverage 
test and a minimum liquidity test. There are also other financial covenants in the Group’s credit agreements and 
leasing agreements. In addition, future credit agreements entered into by the Group may require it to satisfy

--- Page 9 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
9
similar and potentially additional financial covenants. The ability of the Group to comply with these tests may be 
affected by events beyond their control, and the Group cannot reassure that it will continue to meet these tests. 
The failure of the Group to comply with these obligations could lead to a default under these credit agreements or 
the Bonds, unless it can obtain waivers or consents in respect of any default. The Group cannot guarantee that 
any such waivers or consents will be granted. In the event of any default under these credit agreements, the 
lenders under these agreements could elect to declare all outstanding borrowings and indebtedness, together 
with accrued interest, fees and other amounts due thereunder, to be immediately due and payable. Any event of 
default under these credit agreements or the Bonds can trigger cross default clauses in other financing 
arrangements. If any indebtedness of the Group (as a result of cross acceleration under the applicable 
agreement) were to be accelerated, the Group cannot guarantee that the Group’s assets would be sufficient to 
repay such debt in full. This may in turn have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial position and 
results, and possibly lead to insolvency or insolvency related proceedings and financial restructuring. 
 
A substantial amount of the Group’s assets secures indebtedness 
A substantial amount of the Group’s assets is granted as security for its financial indebtedness. The key pledged 
assets are all of the Group’s vessels and its seismic equipment, the Group’s MultiClient data library (directly or 
indirectly), shares in most Guarantors, bank accounts and receivables under material intercompany agreements. 
Upon an event of default, there is a risk that the required majority creditors who, among other things, have a 
pledge over the shares in PGS Holding II Ltd (a holding company that indirectly owns and controls all material 
subsidiaries of the Group), will accelerate and enforce this and other pledges over major assets. Such 
enforcement would likely have implications on the continued operations for the operating companies in the Group, 
and there is a risk that the Issuer, as a corporate entity left without its material subsidiaries and/or assets, will then 
be insolvent. The lenders under the ECF may also enforce their security, including the mortgages over the four 
Ramform Titan-class vessels. Enforcement of the mortgages and other security interests would lead to substantial 
disruptions of the Group’s operations. 
 
Restrictions imposed under the Group’s credit agreements may limit the Group’s flexibility 
Certain credit agreements governing the Group’s outstanding debt, currently or in the future, may limit the Group’s 
flexibility in operating its business. For example, these agreements do and may restrict the ability of the Group to, 
among other things: 
 
 
borrow money; 
 
pay dividends or make other distributions; 
 
create certain liens; 
 
make certain asset dispositions; 
 
give certain loans or make certain investments; 
 
issue or sell share capital of the Company’s subsidiaries; 
 
dispose of assets; 
 
guarantee indebtedness; 
 
enter into transactions with affiliates 
 
merge, consolidate or enter into similar transactions; or 
 
sell, lease or transfer all or substantially all of the Group’s assets. 
 
It is a risk that the operating and financial restrictions and covenants in the financing arrangements of the Group’s 
outstanding debt may adversely affect the Group’s ability to finance its future operations or capital needs or 
engage in other business activities that may be in the Group’s interest. The operating and financial restrictions 
and covenants pursuant to the Group’s credit agreements may not permit the Group to execute its business 
strategy as it intends. In addition to limiting the Group’s flexibility in operating its business, a breach of the 
covenants in any credit agreement of the Group could cause an event of default thereunder, causing all the debt 
under those agreements to be accelerated. If this was to occur, the Group may not have sufficient assets to repay 
its debt, which could lead the Issuer and/or the Group into insolvency, bankruptcy or similar proceedings. 
 
Refinancing risk and inability to meet financing needs as they arise 
The Group may be required to refinance its outstanding debt, including the amounts outstanding under the TLB 
and the Super Senior Loan, in order to satisfy such debt at the respective maturity dates. The TLB matures on 19 
March 2024, while the Super Senior Loan matures on 18 March 2024, with an option to, against payment of a fee, 
extend the maturity date in the Super Senior Loan by up to one (1) year until 18 March 2025. The Group’s ability 
to successfully refinance such debt, if required, is dependent on the financial condition of the Group and 
conditions of the financial markets in general at such time. As a result, the Group’s access to financing sources at 
a particular time may not be available on favorable terms, or at all. The Group’s inability to refinance its debt 
obligations on favorable terms, or at all, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition as well as its result of operations.

--- Page 10 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
10
1.3 Risks Relating to the Merger 
The Ultimate Parent, PGS ASA is in the process of merging with a 100% owned subsidiary of TGS ASA being 
TGS Newco AS (“TGS Newco”) in accordance with the rules on triangular mergers in Section 13-2 (2) of the 
Norwegian Public Limited Companies Act (the “Merger”). Upon completion of the Merger, the assets, rights and 
obligations of the Ultimate Parent will in their entirety be continuing in TGS NewCo in accordance with the 
principle of continuity, while the shareholders of the Ultimate Parent will receive consideration in the form of 
shares in TGS ASA, the parent company of TGS NewCo. The Ultimate Parent will be dissolved upon completion 
of the Merger. The Merger and the process leading up to the Merger poses the following risks to the Group: 
Clearances or approvals from governmental entities could delay the completion of the Merger or impose 
adverse conditions. 
Completion of the Merger is conditioned upon the receipt of required clearances or approvals from the Norwegian 
and UK Competition and Market Authorities. Such clearances and approvals may take a long time and may 
ultimately not be obtained. During the waiting period, the two companies may be prevented from pursuing value 
creating initiatives. In addition, the governmental entities from which these clearances and approvals are required 
may impose conditions on the completion of the Merger or require changes to the terms of the Merger. If the parties 
become subject to any material conditions in order to obtain any clearances or approvals required to complete the 
Merger, the business and results of operations of the combined company may be adversely affected. 
 
Planned synergies may not materialize. 
The success of the merger will depend, in part, on ability to successfully combine the businesses of PGS and TGS 
and realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from the combination of the two companies. If the combined 
company is not able to achieve these objectives within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the anticipated benefits 
and cost savings of the Merger may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected and 
the value of the combined company may be adversely affected. 
Retention, motivation and recruitment of executives and key employees may be challenging. 
For the Merger to be successful, during the period before the Merger is completed, both PGS and TGS must 
continue to retain, motivate and recruit executives and other key employees. Moreover, the combined company 
must be successful at retaining and motivating key employees following the completion of the Merger. Experienced 
employees in the oil and gas industry are in high demand and competition for their talents can be intense. 
Employees of both PGS and TGS may experience uncertainty about their future role with the combined company 
until, or even after, strategies with regard to the combined company are announced or executed. These potential 
distractions of the merger may adversely affect the ability of PGS, TGS or, following completion of the Merger, the 
combined company, to retain, motivate and recruit executives and other key employees and keep them focused on 
applicable strategies and goals. A failure by PGS, TGS or, following the completion of the Merger, the combined 
company, to attract, retain and motivate executives and other key employees during the period prior to or after the 
completion of the merger could have a negative impact on the business of PGS, TGS or the combined company. 
Failure to complete the Merger could negatively impact the future business and financial results of PGS. 
If the Merger is not completed, the ongoing businesses of PGS and TGS may be adversely affected and, without 
realizing any of the benefits of having completed the Merger, PGS and TGS will be subject to a number of risks, 
including PGS and TGS will be required to pay certain costs relating to the Merger, whether or not the Merger is 
completed; and matters relating to the Merger (including lawful integration planning) may require substantial 
commitments of time and resources by PGS and TGS management, which could otherwise have been devoted to 
other opportunities that may have been beneficial to PGS and TGS as independent companies, as the case may 
be. PGS and TGS intend to complete the Merger. However, if the Merger is not completed and any of the above 
risks materialize, or if TGS performs materially worse than expected, either outcome could have a material negative 
impact on the value of PGS.  
 
Restrictions imposed under the Merger documents may limit PGS’s flexibility 
The Ultimate Parent is party to a merger agreement and have approved a merger plan containing certain 
operational and financial covenants and restrictions imposed until consummation of the Merger. These restrictions 
may limit the Group’s flexibility in operating its business. For example, these documents do and may restrict the 
ability of the Group to, among other things: 
 
 
raise equity capital; 
 
borrow money; 
 
make certain asset dispositions; and 
 
make certain investments. 
 
It is a risk that the operating and financial covenants and restrictions in the merger documents may adversely 
affect PGS’s ability to finance its future operations or capital needs or engage in other business activities that may

--- Page 11 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
11
be in PGS’s interest. The operating and financial covenants and restrictions pursuant to the merger documents 
may not permit PGS to execute its business strategy as it intends. 
 
The Merger will trigger obligations and change of control provisions in the financing agreements 
Prior to the Ultimate Parent agreeing to a merger, PGS must (a) under the TLB and Super Senior Loan send a 
notice to the lenders’ agent confirming that the loans will be repaid upon consummation of the Merger, and (b) 
send a notice to the ECF agent requesting consent to that - in the reasonable opinion of the facility agent - the 
Merger will not have any material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Ultimate Parent or materially 
change of the nature of the Ultimate Parent’s business. There is a risk that the ECF will not provide this consent, 
require remedy which is not available, and/or require repayment of the loans, and as a consequence PGS or the 
combined company not being able to pay or refinance the loans required to be repaid. 
 
The holders under the Bond will upon consummation of the Merger be entitled to put the Bonds at 101% of par, 
whereas the holders of the Notes will upon consummation of the Merger before 30 June 2024 be entitled to put 
the Bonds at 102% of par and thereafter at par. 
 
1.4 Risks relating to the Bonds 
A trading market may not develop, and market price may be volatile 
The Bonds are new securities for which there is currently no trading market. Even though the Issuer is intending 
to apply for a listing of the Bonds on the Oslo Stock Exchange, such listing may not be obtained, nor has the 
Issuer entered into any market making scheme to ensure liquidity in the Bonds. The liquidity of any market may 
not develop favorably to the Issuer; Bondholders may not be able to sell the Bonds, or  the price at which 
Bondholders would be able to sell the Bonds may not be favorably to the Bondholders. If such a market was to 
exist, the Bonds could trade at prices that may be lower than the nominal amount or purchase price of the Bonds. 
If an active market does not develop or is not maintained, the price and liquidity of the Bonds may be adversely 
affected. 
 
There is a risk that the value of the Bonds may decrease due to the changes in the Group, its financial position as 
well as relevant market risk factors. Furthermore, the price and market value of a single bond issue will, generally, 
fluctuate due to general developments in the financial markets, as well as, specifically, investor interest in (and, 
thus, the liquidity of) the Bonds and the oil service market in which the Group is engaged. In addition, in recent 
years, the global financial markets have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations, which, if repeated 
in the future, could adversely affect the market value of the Bonds without regard to the Issuer's operating results, 
financial condition or prospects. Accordingly, there is a risk that the value of the Bonds may decrease in spite of 
an underlying positive development in the Issuer’s business activities. 
 
The liquidity of the Bonds will at all times depend on the market participants view of the value of the Bonds. 
Potential investors should note that it may be difficult or even impossible to trade and sell the Bonds in the 
secondary market. 
 
Risks relating to super-senior creditors 
Under the Bond Terms, the Issuer and/or any other obligors under the Bond Issue (as applicable) are permitted to 
incur liabilities limited upwards to USD 75 million under the existing Super Senior Loan or other financing 
agreements (the "Super Senior Liabilities”) which together shall rank on a super senior basis in priority to the 
Bonds, the TLB and the Notes with respect to the enforcement proceeds from the security. The existing 
intercreditor agreement contains certain provisions regulating the giving of instructions to the security agent, 
including instructions as to enforcement. Upon certain conditions being met, including the occurrence of an 
insolvency event or a delayed determination as to enforcement action by the senior creditors, such instructions 
may be given entirely by a defined majority of such super senior creditors (whose claims will rank in priority to the 
Bonds (the TLB and the Notes) with respect to enforcement proceeds from the security). The Super Senior 
Liabilities, the TLB and Notes creditors may have conflicting interests with the Bondholders in a default and 
enforcement scenario, including an incentive to take enforcement steps which may be detrimental to the value of 
the Bonds or the prospect of recovery for Bondholders. In general, and in these situations in particular, any 
enforcement proceeds may not be sufficient to cover all secured obligations. 
 
Bondholders’ possibility to control enforcement may become limited in the event of changes in the senior 
liabilities 
The Bonds will be secured by the same security as secures the TLB, the Notes and Super Senior Liabilities, 
which are subject to intercreditor agreements, pursuant to which instructions relating to enforcement of such 
security on certain terms will be controlled by the majority senior creditors at any given time. Depending on the 
ratio between the amount of Bond debt and other senior secured debt at the time, the Bondholders (and the Bond 
debt) may not be sufficient to constitute the majority senior creditors/instructing group required to instruct and/or 
control enforcement and/or provide conflicting enforcement instructions, without involvement by or support from 
the other senior creditors. Furthermore, the enforcement of the security shared with the ECF will also be subject 
to the terms of an ECF intercreditor agreement under which the shared security with the ECF shall rank and

--- Page 12 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
12
secure the obligations under the ECF and the obligations under the TLB/the Notes/Super Senior Liabilities on a 
pari passu basis. 
 
Limitations on the value of the transaction security 
The value of the security securing the Bonds may not be sufficient to satisfy the Issuer’s obligations under the 
Bonds, and enforcement proceeds relating to such security will first be applied towards the Super Senior 
Liabilities (subject, however, to the prior pari passu treatment of proceeds from the shared security with the ECF 
in accordance with the ECF inter creditor agreement), before being shared between TLB debt, the Notes and the 
Bonds on a pari passu and pro rata basis in accordance with the Super Senior/TLB/Notes ICA. The security agent 
may not be able to sell the security without delay (or even at all), and if soldthe enforcement proceeds may not bel 
be sufficient to satisfy all of the Bond obligations in a distressed scenario. 
 
The Issuer will be largely dependent on its subsidiaries and may not have sufficient funds to service the 
Bonds 
The Issuer will be required to make interest payments on the Bonds during the lifetime of the Bond Issue and to 
repay the Bonds in full at maturity. The Issuer is subject to credit risk relating to the Group’s ability to meet its 
payment obligations. The Group’s ability to pay any amounts due under the Bonds is, to a significant extent, 
dependent upon the performance of the Group’s operations, its financial position, and the ability of its subsidiaries 
to generate cash flow from operations and make distributions to the Issuer. If the Issuer does not receive 
sufficient distributions from its subsidiaries, it may be forced to adopt an alternative strategy that may include 
actions such as reducing capital expenditures, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing indebtedness or seeking 
new equity capital. The Issuer cannot assure investors that any of these alternative strategies could be effected 
on satisfactory terms, if at all, or that they would yield sufficient funds to make the required payments under the 
Bond Issue. 
 
The Bonds will be structurally subordinated to liabilities of Issuer’s subsidiaries 
Generally, creditors under indebtedness and trade creditors of the Issuer's subsidiaries will be entitled to 
payments of their claims from the assets of such subsidiaries before these assets are made available for 
distribution to the Issuer, as a direct or indirect shareholder. Further, certain of the Group's operating subsidiaries 
may, from time to time, be subject to restrictions on their ability to make distributions and loans including as a 
result of restrictive covenants in loan agreements, foreign exchange and other regulatory restrictions and 
agreements with the other shareholders of such subsidiaries or associated undertakings. 
 
Accordingly, in an enforcement scenario, creditors of the Issuer's subsidiaries, to the extent such subsidiaries are 
not also Guarantors of the Bonds, will generally be entitled to payment in full from the sale or other disposal of the 
assets of such subsidiaries before the Issuer, as a direct or indirect shareholder, will be entitled to receive any 
distributions. 
 
Limitations on guarantees and security interests 
The Guarantors are incorporated in different jurisdictions, where, inter alia, legal restrictions may apply to the 
granting of security and/or guarantees provided in connection with an acquisition of shares in companies within a 
group and there might also be requirements to receive corporate benefit as consideration for granting financial 
assistance. Furthermore, there may be certain legal limitations on the maximum secured amount of a security 
interest or guarantee. The Bond Terms and/or intercreditor agreements will contain several security principles 
pursuant to which the members of the Group will not be required to grant security and/or guarantees to the extent 
that would be in conflict with applicable law. The security principles will also provide that certain security and/or 
guarantees may be limited, cannot be perfected or are otherwise subject to limitations. It is possible that such 
limitations will reduce the value of the security package and negatively affect the Bondholders. 
 
The security securing the Bonds will be shared with certain other secured parties and is mainly constituted by the 
collateral assets securing the TLB, the Notes and Super Senior Loan. As such, most of the security documents 
establishing and perfecting such security have already been entered into. While many of these documents will be 
amended and restated and/or supplemented or retaken to also refer to the Bond liabilities, any imperfections or 
flaws with respect to the establishment or perfection of such security as at the time originally established or 
perfected, may continue to impair the security following the accession of the Bond Trustee and the extension of 
such security documents to also cover the Bond liabilities.  
 
The Issuer may have insufficient funds to make required repurchase of Bonds 
Upon the occurrence of a change of control event or a delisting event (each term as defined in the Bond Terms), 
each individual Bondholder shall have a right (put option) to require that the Issuer re-purchase the Bonds at a 
price of 101% of the nominal amount (plus accrued interest). However, it is possible that the Issuer will have 
insufficient funds at the time of the put option event to make the required repurchase of the Bonds, which could 
adversely affect the Issuer, e.g. by causing insolvency or an event of default under the Bond Terms, and 
consequently adversely affect all Bondholders and not only those that choose to exercise the option. (see 1.3 
Risk Related to the Merger)

--- Page 13 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
13
The Issuer may exercise a call option 
The Issuer may redeem the Bonds (in whole or in part) prior to the Maturity Date and any such early redemption 
may result in the sum of interest payments on the redeemed Bonds being less than if the Bonds had not been 
redeemed, but instead repaid on the Maturity Date. The Issuer may also redeem all the Bonds, but not only some, 
at a price of 100% of the nominal amount (plus accrued interest), in the event that the Issuer is required by law to 
withhold any tax from any payment in respect of the Bond under the Finance Documents as a result of a 
change in applicable law implemented after the date of the Bond Terms. 
 
The Bond Terms will allow for modifications of the Bonds or security, waivers or authorizations of 
breaches and substitution of the Issuer which, in certain circumstances, may be effectuated without the 
consent of Bondholders 
The Bond Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Bondholders, to certain modifications to the Bond Terms 
and other related Finance Documents. Pursuant to the Bond Terms, remedies afforded to the Bondholders are 
vested with the Bond Trustee, thus preventing individual Bondholders from taking separate action. The Bond 
Trustee will be required to act in accordance with instruction given by a requisite majority of Bondholders, but is 
also vested with discretionary powers. The Bondholders face a risk that the Bond Trustee will agree to changes or 
amendments, or take actions, without the explicit consent of each of the Bondholders. Further, the terms of the 
Bonds will contain provisions for calling for meetings of Bondholders in the event that the Issuer wishes to amend 
any of the terms and conditions applicable to the Bonds. 
 
These provisions permit requisite majorities to bind all Bondholders, including Bondholders who did not attend 
and vote at the relevant bondholder meeting and Bondholders who vote in a manner contrary to the requisite 
majority. Consequently, there is a risk that the actions of the requisite majority in such matters will impact certain 
Bondholders' rights in a manner that is undesirable for some of the Bondholders. 
 
No action against the Issuer and Bondholders’ representation 
In accordance with the Bonds Terms, the trustee for the Bonds will represent all Bondholders in all matters 
relating to the Bonds and the Bondholders are prevented from taking actions on their own against the Issuer. 
Consequently, individual Bondholders do not have the right to take legal actions to declare any default by claiming 
any payment from the Issuer and may therefore lack effective remedies unless and until a requisite majority of the 
Bondholders agree to take such action. However, there is a risk that an individual Bondholder, in certain 
situations, could bring its own action against the Issuer (in breach of the Bond Terms), which could negatively 
impact an acceleration of the Bonds or other action against the Issuer. 
 
To enable the Bond Trustee to represent Bondholders in court, the Bondholders and/or their nominees may have 
to submit a written power of attorney for legal proceedings. The failure of all Bondholders to submit such a power 
of attorney could have a negative effect on the legal proceedings as for instance the requisite quorum or majority 
for taking such legal proceedings may not be obtained. Under the Bond Terms, the trustee for the Bonds will in 
some cases have the right to make decisions and take measures that bind all Bondholders. Consequently, there 
is a risk that the actions of the trustee in such matters will impact a Bondholder's rights under the Bonds in a 
manner that is undesirable for some of the Bondholders. 
 
Should any of the above risks materialize, this may have a material adverse effect on the enforcement of the 
rights of the Bondholders and the rights of the Bondholders to receive payments under the Bonds. 
 
Restrictions on transferability of the Bonds 
The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any 
U.S. state securities laws. Subject to certain exemptions, a holder of the Bonds may not offer or sell the Bonds in 
or into the United States. The Issuer has not undertaken to register the Bonds under the U.S. Securities Act or 
any U.S. state securities laws or to effect any exchange offer for the Bonds in the future. It is each potential 
investor’s obligation to ensure that the offers and sales of Bonds comply with all applicable securities laws. Due to 
these restrictions, there is a risk that a Bondholder cannot sell its Bonds as desired. Restrictions relating to the 
transferability of the Bonds could have a negative effect for some of the Bondholders. 
 
Exchange risk for non-USD investors 
The Bonds are issued in USD, and any future payments of interest on the Bonds will be paid in USD. Accordingly, 
any investor with another reference currency in its ordinary course of business is subject to adverse movements 
in the USD against their local currency as such adverse movements could have a material adverse effect on the 
local currency equivalent of any USD payments on the Bonds.

--- Page 14 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
14
2 Definitions 
 
Articles of Association 
The articles of association of Petroleum Geo-Services AS or the 
Guarantors, as amended and currently in effect.  
 
Base Prospectus 
 This document dated 19 December 2023. 
 
 
 The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus.  
 
Board or Board of Directors 
The board of directors in the Issuer or the Guarantors. 
 
Bond Terms 
Means the bond terms agreed between the Issuer and Nordic Trustee AS 
for each issuance of bonds, including all attachments which form an 
integrated part of the bond terms, in each case as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time. 
 
Companies Registry 
The Norwegian Registry of Business Enterprises (Foretaksregisteret) 
 
Company/Issuer 
Petroleum Geo-Services AS  
 
Final Terms 
Document to be prepared for each new issue of bonds under the 
Prospectus. The template for Final Terms is included in the Base 
Prospectus as Annex 15. 
 
The template for Final Terms has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this template for Final Terms as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered 
as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of 
this template for Final Terms. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
 
Group/PGS 
Means the Ultimate Parent and its subsidiaries from time to time other 
than any Unrestricted Subsidiaries. 
 
Group Company 
Means any person which is a member of the Group. 
 
Guarantor 
Means the Original Guarantors and any Group Company which 
subsequently becomes a Material Group Company, provided that PGS 
Titans AS shall only be required to become a Guarantor after the Existing 
ECF Financing is no longer outstanding. 
 
IFRS 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European 
Union 
 
ISIN 
International Securities Identification Number 
 
Joint Lead Managers 
DNB Bank ASA and Pareto Securities AS 
 
NOK 
Norwegian kroner 
 
Multiklient Invest AS  
Annual Report 2022 
Financial statements for Multiklient Invest AS for the year ended 31 
December 2022. 
 
Multiklient Invest AS  
Annual Report 2021 
Financial statements for Multiklient Invest AS for the year ended 31 
December 2021.

--- Page 15 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
15
Original Guarantors 
Means each of: PGS ASA, PGS Australia Pty Ltd, PGS Suporte Logistico 
e Servicos Ltda., PGS Egypt for Petroleum Services, PGS Holding I Ltd, 
PGS Holding II Ltd, Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) Ltd, PGS Exploration 
(UK) Ltd, PT Petroprima Geo Services Nusantara, Multiklient Invest AS, 
PGS Shipowner AS, PGS Falcon AS, PGS Geophysical AS, Petroleum 
Geo-Services, Inc., PGS Finance, Inc., Petroleum Geo-Services Asia 
Pacific Pte Ltd. 
 
Petroleum Exploration (UK) Ltd  
Annual Report 2022 
Financial statements for Petroleum Exploration (UK) Ltd for the year 
ended 31 December 2022. 
 
Petroleum Exploration (UK) Ltd  
Annual Report 2021 
Financial statements for Petroleum Exploration (UK) Ltd for the year 
ended 31 December 2021. 
 
Petroleum Geo-Services AS  
Annual Report 2022 
Financial statements for Petroleum Geo-Services AS for the year ended 
31 December 2022. 
 
Petroleum Geo-Services AS  
Annual Report 2021 
Financial statements for Petroleum Geo-Services AS for the year ended 
31 December 2021. 
 
Petroleum Geo-Services Asia Pacific  
Pte Ltd. Annual Report 2022 
Financial statements for Petroleum Geo-Services Asia Pacific Pte Ltd. for 
the year ended 31 December 2022. 
 
Petroleum Geo-Services Asia Pacific  
Pte Ltd. Annual Report 2021 
Financial statements for Petroleum Geo-Services Asia Pacific Pte Ltd.for 
the year ended 31 December 2021. 
 
Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) Ltd  
Annual Report 2022 
Financial statements for Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) Ltd for the year 
ended 31 December 2022. 
 
Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) Ltd  
Annual Report 2021 
Financial statements for Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) Ltd for the year 
ended 31 December 2021. 
 
PGS ASA  
Annual Report 2022 
Financial statements for PGS ASA for the year ended 31 December 2022. 
 
PGS ASA  
Annual Report 2021 
Financial statements for PGS ASA for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
 
PGS Australia Pty Ltd  
Annual Report 2022 
Financial statements for PGS Australia Pty Ltd for the year ended 31 
December 2022. 
 
PGS Australia Pty Ltd  
Annual Report 2021 
Financial statements for PGS Australia Pty Ltd for the year ended 31 
December 2021. 
 
PGS Egypt for Petroleum Services 
Annual Report 2022 
Financial statements for PGS Egypt for Petroleum Services for the year 
ended 31 December 2022. 
 
PGS Egypt for Petroleum Services 
Annual Report 2021 
Financial statements for PGS Egypt for Petroleum Services for the year 
ended 31 December 2021. 
 
PGS Falcon AS 
Annual Report 2022 
Financial statements for PGS Falcon AS for the year ended 31 December 
2022.

--- Page 16 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
16
PGS Falcon AS 
Annual Report 2021 
Financial statements for PGS Falcon AS for the year ended 31 December 
2021. 
 
PGS Geophysical AS 
Annual Report 2022 
Financial statements for PGS Geophysical AS for the year ended 31 
December 2022. 
 
PGS Geophysical AS 
Annual Report 2021 
Financial statements for PGS Geophysical AS for the year ended 31 
December 2021. 
 
PGS Holding I Ltd 
Annual Report 2022 
Financial statements for PGS Holding I Ltd for the year ended 31 
December 2022. 
 
PGS Holding I Ltd 
Annual Report 2021 
Financial statements for PGS Holding I Ltd for the year ended 31 
December 2021. 
 
PGS Holding II Ltd 
Annual Report 2022 
Financial statements for PGS Holding II Ltd for the year ended 31 
December 2022. 
 
PGS Holding II Ltd 
Annual Report 2021 
Financial statements for PGS Holding II Ltd for the year ended 31 
December 2021. 
 
PGS Shipowner AS 
Annual Report 2022 
Financial statements for PGS Shipowner AS for the year ended 31 
December 2022. 
 
PGS Shipowner AS 
Annual Report 2021 
Financial statements for PGS Shipowner AS for the year ended 31 
December 2021. 
 
PGS Suporte Logistico e Servicos 
Ltda. Annual Report 2022 
Special purpose financial statements for PGS Suporte Logistico e 
Servicos Ltda. for the year ended 31 December 2022. 
 
PGS Suporte Logistico e Servicos 
Ltda. Annual Report 2021 
 Special purpose financial statements for PGS Suporte Logistico e 
Servicos Ltda. for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
 
PT Petroprima Geo Services 
Nusantara Annual Report 2022 
Financial statements for PT Petroprima Geo Services Nusantara for the 
year ended 31 December 2022. 
 
PT Petroprima Geo Services  
Nusantara Annual Report 2021 
Financial statements for PT Petroprima Geo Services Nusantara for the 
year ended 31 December 2021. 
 
Ultimate Parent 
Means PGS ASA, a public limited company incorporated in the Kingdom 
 
of Norway with company registration no. 916 235 291 
 
USD 
United States Dollars 
 
VPS or VPS System 
The Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA

--- Page 17 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
17
3 Persons responsible  
3.1 Persons responsible for the information 
Persons responsible for the information given in the Base Prospectus are as follows: 
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, P.O. Box 251 Lilleaker, N-0216 Oslo, Norway 
 
3.2 Declaration by persons responsible 
Petroleum Geo-Services AS declares that to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its 
import.    
 
 
Oslo, 19 December 2023

--- Page 18 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
18
Statements regarding Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The Norwegian FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus. 
 
The template for Final Terms has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian FSA only approves the template for Final Terms as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of the 
template for Final Terms. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
securities.

--- Page 19 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
19
4 Independent Auditors   
The independent auditors for the Issuer and the Guarantors for the period covered by the historical financial 
information are given in the table below. 
 
Company
Year
Auditor
Petroleum Geo-Services AS1) 
2022 and 2021 
Ernst & Young AS 
PGS ASA1) 
2022 and 2021 
Ernst & Young AS 
PGS Australia Pty Ltd2) 
2022 and 2021 
Ernst & Young 
PGS Suporte Logistico e Servicos Ltda.3) 
2022 and 2021 
Ernst & Young AS (special purpose 
financial statements) 
PGS Egypt for Petroleum Services LLC4) 
2022 and 2021 
Allied for Accounting & Auditing 
PGS Holding I Ltd5) 
2022 and 2021 
Ernst & Young LLP 
PGS Holding II Ltd5) 
2022 and 2021 
Ernst & Young LLP 
Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) Ltd5) 
2022 and 2021 
Ernst & Young LLP 
PGS Exploration (UK) Ltd5) 
2022 and 2021 
Ernst & Young LLP 
PT Petroprima Geo Services Nusantara6) 
2022 and 2021 
KAP Purwantono, Sungkoro & Surja 
Multiklient Invest AS1) 
2022 and 2021 
Ernst & Young AS 
PGS Shipowner AS1) 
2022 and 2021 
Ernst & Young AS 
PGS Falcon AS1) 
2022 and 2021 
Ernst & Young AS 
PGS Geophysical AS1) 
2022 and 2021 
Ernst & Young AS 
Petroleum Geo-Services, Inc. 
N/A 
N/A 
PGS Finance, Inc. 
N/A 
N/A 
Petroleum Geo-Services Asia Pacific Pte 
Ltd.7) 
2022 and 2021 
Ernst & Young LLP 
Numbers in superscript are referencing auditors in table below. 
 
 
Auditor
Auditor’s address
Membership in professional 
body 
1) Ernst & Young AS 
Stortorvet 7, 0155 Oslo, Norway   
The Norwegian Institute of 
Public Accountants (Den Norske 
Revisorforening) 
2)Ernst & Young 
11 Mounts Bay Road, Perth WA 6000, 
Australia 
Institute of Chartered 
Accountants in Australia and 
New Zealand (CA ANZ) 
3)Ernst & Young AS 
Stortorvet 7, 0155 Oslo, Norway   
The Norwegian Institute of 
Public Accountants (Den Norske 
Revisorforening) 
4)Allied for Accounting & 
Auditing 
(EY Cairo CFC Office) 
Cairo Festival City, Podium 1 - Building 
P4, New Cairo, Egypt. 
Egyptian Society of Accountants 
& Auditors (ESAA) 
5)Ernst & Young LLP 
2, Marischal Square, Upperkirkgate, 
Aberdeen AB10 1BA, United Kingdom 
Institute of Chartered 
Accountants in England and 
Wales (ICAEW) 
6)KAP Purwantono, Sungkoro & 
Surja 
Indonesia Stock Exchange Building 
Tower 2, 7th Floor Jl. Jend. Sudirman 
Kav. 52-53, Jakarta 12190 Indonesia 
Institute of Indonesia Chartered 
Accountants (IAI) 
7)Ernst & Young LLP 
Level 18 North Tower One Raffles 
Quay,Singapore 048583  
Institute of Singapore Chartered 
Accountants (ISCA)

--- Page 20 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
20
5 Information about the Issuer and the Guarantors 
5.1 Legal and commercial name, domicile and legal form 
 
Legal name
Commercial name
Domicile
Petroleum Geo-Services AS 
Petroleum Geo-Services 
Norway 
PGS ASA 
PGS 
Norway 
PGS Australia Pty Ltd 
PGS Australia Pty 
Australia 
PGS Suporte Logistico e Servicos Ltda. 
PGS Suporte Logistico e Servicos 
Brazil 
PGS Egypt for Petroleum Services LLC 
PGS Egypt for Petroleum Services 
Egypt 
PGS Holding I Ltd 
PGS Holding I 
England and Wales 
PGS Holding II Ltd 
PGS Holding II 
England and Wales 
Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) Ltd 
Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) 
England and Wales 
PGS Exploration (UK) Ltd 
PGS Exploration (UK) 
England and Wales 
PT Petroprima Geo Services Nusantara 
PT Petroprima Geo Services Nusantara 
Indonesia 
Multiklient Invest AS 
Multiklient Invest 
Norway 
PGS Shipowner AS 
PGS Shipowner 
Norway 
PGS Falcon AS 
PGS Falcon 
Norway 
PGS Geophysical AS 
PGS Geophysical 
Norway 
Petroleum Geo-Services, Inc. 
Petroleum Geo-Services, Inc 
Delaware, USA 
PGS Finance, Inc. 
PGS Finance 
Delaware, USA 
Petroleum Geo-Services Asia Pacific 
Pte Ltd. 
Petroleum Geo-Services Asia Pacific Pte 
Singapore 
 
PGS ASA is a public limited liability company, all the other companies listed above are private limited liability 
companies.  PGS ASA is in a process of being merged (see 1.3 Risk Related to the Merger and 5.5 Recent 
Events). 
 
5.2 Place of registration, registration number and LEI code 
 
Legal name 
Place of registration 
Registration 
number
LEI Code 
Petroleum Geo-Services AS 
The Norwegian Companies Registry 
921 675 801 
213800TDSGPCJUCT4659 
PGS ASA 
The Norwegian Companies Registry 
916 235 291 
213800T66DRTE6O6BV87 
PGS Australia Pty Ltd 
Australian Securities & Investments 
Commission 
077 150 415 
2138003B1QEQREJOD842 
 
PGS Suporte Logistico e 
Servicos Ltda. 
Board of Trade of the State of Rio 
de Janeiro (Junta Comercial do 
Estado do Rio de Janeiro - 
JUCERJA 
33.2.0763831-1 
213800MD3HNSHIF4D882 
 
PGS Egypt for Petroleum 
Services LLC 
Ministry of Supply and Internal 
Trade Department of Commercial 
Registration (Cairo) 
49463 
213800BGVFTTHZJYAN64 
PGS Holding I Ltd 
The Registrar of Companies for 
England and Wales 
12930687 
213800RK1EN5VNFX2A63 
PGS Holding II Ltd 
The Registrar of Companies for 
England and Wales 
12932266 
2138003LDILTPTTO4R73 
Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) 
Ltd 
The Registrar of Companies for 
England and Wales 
02874539 
213800LL1IVMEKZ6TK36 
PGS Exploration (UK) Ltd 
The Registrar of Companies for 
England and Wales 
02904391 
213800HDYC4VM8MP4U16 
PT Petroprima Geo Services 
Nusantara 
BKPM (Badan Koordinasi 
Penanaman Modal or Indonesia 
Investment Coordinating Board) 
9120203242781 
2138007381O5MHW1VD60 
Multiklient Invest AS 
The Norwegian Companies Registry 
971 171 537 
2138007HCLN4OF32P586 
PGS Shipowner AS 
The Norwegian Companies Registry 
923 821 368 
213800JOFVLQCLMHAQ30 
PGS Falcon AS 
The Norwegian Companies Registry 
993 442 836 
213800AOEO9UBH6PAK05 
PGS Geophysical AS 
The Norwegian Companies Registry 
960 563 085 
213800B9GDWLA9UXRF88 
Petroleum Geo-Services, Inc. 
Delaware Companies Registry 
2254084 
2138005EYXSKI4T8PM89 
PGS Finance, Inc. 
Delaware Companies Registry 
4059916 
 
213800Q9WWM5XQHYPQ28

--- Page 21 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
21
Petroleum Geo-Services Asia 
Pacific Pte Ltd. 
ACRA (Accounting and Corporate 
Regulatory Authority) 
199707194r 
 
21380099AJMU8ZWW1B71 
 
 
5.3 Country of incorporation, date of incorporation and legislation 
 
Legal name 
Country of incorporation 
Date of 
incorporation
Petroleum Geo-Services AS 
Norway 
10 October 2018 
PGS ASA 
Norway 
19 June 1962 
PGS Australia Pty Ltd 
Australia 
20 January 1997 
PGS Suporte Logistico e Servicos Ltda. 
Brazil 
11 January 2006 
PGS Egypt for Petroleum Services LLC 
Egypt 
24 November 2004 
PGS Holding I Ltd 
England and Wales 
5 October 2020 
PGS Holding II Ltd 
England and Wales 
6 October 2020 
Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) Ltd 
England and Wales 
23 November 1993 
PGS Exploration (UK) Ltd 
England and Wales 
3 March 1994 
PT Petroprima Geo Services Nusantara 
Indonesia 
29 June 1995 
Multiklient Invest AS 
Norway 
19 September 1994 
PGS Shipowner AS 
Norway 
29 October 2019 
PGS Falcon AS 
Norway 
9 October 2008 
PGS Geophysical AS 
Norway 
10 April 1991 
Petroleum Geo-Services, Inc. 
Delaware, United States 
6 February 1991 
PGS Finance, Inc. 
Delaware, United Sates 
14 November 2005 
Petroleum Geo-Services Asia Pacific 
Pte Ltd. 
Singapore 
17 October 1997 
 
 
Legal name
Legislation, including but not limited to the following acts
Petroleum Geo-Services AS 
Norwegian, Private Limited Companies Act  
PGS ASA 
Norwegian, Public Limited Companies Act 
PGS Australia Pty Ltd 
Australian, the Corporations Act 
PGS Suporte Logistico e Servicos Ltda. 
Brazilian, the Corporation Law 
PGS Egypt for Petroleum Services LLC 
Egyptian, the Law Promulgating Investment Guarantees and 
Incentives 
PGS Holding I Ltd 
England and Wales, the Companies Act 
PGS Holding II Ltd 
England and Wales, the Companies Act 
Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) Ltd 
England and Wales, the Companies Act 
PGS Exploration (UK) Ltd 
England and Wales, the Companies Act 
PT Petroprima Geo Services Nusantara 
Indonesian. Law regarding Limited Liability Companies 
Multiklient Invest AS 
Norwegian, Private Limited Companies Act 
PGS Shipowner AS 
Norwegian, Private Limited Companies Act 
PGS Falcon AS 
Norwegian, Private Limited Companies Act 
PGS Geophysical AS 
Norwegian, Private Limited Companies Act 
Petroleum Geo-Services, Inc. 
Delaware, the General Corporations Law 
PGS Finance, Inc. 
Delaware, the General Corporations Law 
Petroleum Geo-Services Asia Pacific 
Pte Ltd. 
Singaporean, the Companies Act 
 
5.4 Address, telephone and website (pgs.com) 
 
Legal name
Address
Telephone
Petroleum Geo-Services AS
Lilleakerveien 4, N-0283 Oslo, Norway
+ 47 67 52 64 00
PGS ASA
Lilleakerveien 4, N-0283 Oslo, Norway
+ 47 67 52 64 00
PGS Australia Pty Ltd 
Level 28, QV1, 250 St Georges Terrace 
Perth WA 6000, AUSTRALIA
+61 8 9320 9000 
PGS Suporte Logistico e Servicos Ltda. 
Rua do Passeio 38/40,Tower 2 Office 
1602 Ed. Passeio Corporate  
20.021-290 Centro Rio de Janeiro  
BRAZIL
+ 55 21 2421 8400

--- Page 22 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
22
PGS Egypt for Petroleum Services LLC 
39, Road 83 P O Box 114, 11431 Maadi, 
Cairo, EGYPT
+202 2 378 4949 
PGS Holding I Ltd 
Building 4, The Heights, Brooklands, 
Weybridge, Surrey, KT13 0NY, UK
+ 44 1932 37 6000 
PGS Holding II Ltd
Lilleakerveien 4, N-0283 Oslo, Norway
+ 47 67 52 64 00
Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) Ltd 
Building 4, The Heights, Brooklands, 
Weybridge, Surrey, KT13 0NY, UK
+ 44 1932 37 6000 
PGS Exploration (UK) Ltd 
Building 4, The Heights, Brooklands, 
Weybridge, Surrey, KT13 0NY, UK
+ 44 1932 37 6000 
PT Petroprima Geo Services Nusantara 
Pondok Indah Tower 3, 17th floor,Unit M59
Jalan Sultan Iskandar Muda, Kav V-TA 
Jakarta 12310, INDONESIA 
+62 21 296 59040 
Multiklient Invest AS
Lilleakerveien 4, N-0283 Oslo, Norway
+ 47 67 52 64 00
PGS Shipowner AS
Lilleakerveien 4, N-0283 Oslo, Norway
+ 47 67 52 64 00
PGS Falcon AS
Lilleakerveien 4, N-0283 Oslo, Norway
+ 47 67 52 64 00
PGS Geophysical AS
Lilleakerveien 4, N-0283 Oslo, Norway
+ 47 67 52 64 00
Petroleum Geo-Services, Inc. 
West Memorial Place I, 15375  
Memorial Drive, Suite 100, Houston, 
TX 77079, USA 
+1 281 509 8000 
PGS Finance, Inc. 
West Memorial Place I, 15375  
Memorial Drive, Suite 100, Houston, 
TX 77079, USA
+1 281 509 8000 
Petroleum Geo-Services Asia Pacific Pte 
Ltd. 
9 Raffles Place,#26-01 Republic Plaza 
Singapore 048619 
+65 6236-3333 
 
 
Both the Issuer and the Guarantors have website PGS.COM.    
 
The information on the website does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated 
by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
 
 
5.5 Recent events 
In 2022, the Group recognized approximately $30 million of transfer fee revenues relating to a change of control 
event. The transfer fees are disputed by the client, and as of September 30, 2023, the amounts were not paid. 
Given the inability to timely conclude the matter, the Group earlier initiated two separate arbitration proceedings 
under the dispute resolution provisions of the agreements. In October 2023, the tribunal in the first arbitration 
issued a decision in the Group’s favor, including late payment interest and reasonable legal costs. The amount 
due to the Group, net of any revenue share to third parties, is estimated to be approximately $43 million and is 
expected to be received late Q4 2023 or early Q1 2024. The decision relates to agreements where the Group 
already recognized $18.2 million as revenues in 2022. As a result of the decision, the Group has recognized 
additional $16.8 million of late sales revenues and $7.6 million of interest income in Q3 2023. The second 
arbitration proceeding is expected to be concluded during the second half of 2024, unless settled earlier. The 
Group has only recognized revenues that, based on PGS’s best estimate and external legal advice, are expected 
to be due to the Group. 
 
On July 19, 2023, the Issuer received commitments for a loan facility of $75 million to be issued as Notes. The 
new Notes was drawn September 18, 2023, with the net proceeds used to reduce the existing TLB. The Notes 
has an interest rate of SOFR + 7.00% and matures December 15, 2026. Beginning on June 30, 2024, the Notes 
will have a quarterly amortization at a rate of 6.25% of the original principal amount. The Notes can be prepaid 
without a premium starting from June 30, 2024. The Notes is subject to the same financial covenants and have 
the same guarantors and security as the $450 million Bonds. 
 
PGS ASA announced on September 18, 2023, an intention to merge with TGS ASA or one of its subsidiaries 
(“TGS”). PGS and TGS announced on October 25, 2023, that their respective Board of Directors have approved a 
merger plan and called for extraordinary general meetings. December 1, 2023, the shareholders in PGS ASA and 
TGS ASA, respectively, voted in favor of the proposed merger. The parties expect that the merger will be completed 
during first half of 2024. The merger plan contains customary mutual restrictions for both parties until the merger is 
completed, as well as certain unilateral restrictions for PGS in relation to investments, equity transactions and 
financing. 
 
In Q3 2023 PGS successfully completed an equity private placement of approximately $40.6 million. The proceeds 
will be used to increase liquidity and enable a financially robust combined entity following the merger with TGS.

--- Page 23 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
23
 
5.6 Credit ratings 
The following credit ratings have been assigned to PGS ASA: 
 
Moody’s Deutschland GmbH: B2 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P): B-  
 
S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the "CRA Regulation"). 
 
Moody's is not established in the European Union and has not applied for registration under the CRA Regulation. 
The ratings are endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
 
Credit ratings have not been assigned to any of the other Guarantors or the Issuer.

--- Page 24 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
24
6 Business overview    
PGS is a fully integrated marine geophysical company that provides a broad range of seismic and reservoir 
services, including acquisition, imaging, interpretation, and field evaluation. The Group’s services are provided to 
the oil and gas industry, as well as to the broader and emerging new energy industries, including carbon storage 
and offshore wind. 
 
PGS has a significant MultiClient data library with modern 3D coverage in significant offshore hydrocarbon 
provinces of the world. Headquartered in Oslo, Norway, the Group currently manages a fleet of 11 high-end (i.e. 
3D seismic vessels capable of towing 12 or more streamers) seismic acquisition vessels, of which seven are 
currently operated in the seismic acquisition market, one vessel is used for offshore wind site characterization and 
one vessel is used as a seismic source vessel. Two vessels are stacked. The fleet is dominated by the unique 
Ramform design vessels. The Group has offices in 12 countries around the world. 
 
6.1 Main categories of products sold and/or services performed 
 
The core activity of PGS’ business units is to provide seismic data that describes the geology beneath the ocean 
floor, which energy companies rely on to find oil and gas reserves worldwide. To widen it business footprint, PGS 
established New Energy in early 2021. Since 2021, the Group has used the initial period to assess commercial 
opportunities within emerging markets related to the ongoing energy transition and identify where PGS could 
match its assets, competence and capabilities to address industry challenges. PGS entered the carbon storage 
market in 2022. In 2023 PGS established a presence in the offshore wind site characterization market. Within the 
marine minerals industry, PGS intends to stay relevant without further significant investments and continues to 
monitor the market development.  
 
PGS’ main products and services include: 
 
Seismic data acquisition 
 
MultiClient data library 
 
Seismic imaging  
 
Geoscience data integration and analysis 
 
Offshore wind site characterization  
Contract Acquisition Services  
Contract 3D acquisition work is seismic data acquisition under exclusive contracts directly with clients, where the 
client owns the acquired data. PGS delivers fast and efficient acquisition of high-quality seismic data with safe 
and environmentally sound operations.  
 
Production seismic, or 4D, is a growing segment of the seismic contract market that enables energy companies to 
optimize resource extraction from producing fields. The value of using 4D seismic is increasingly acknowledged 
outside of the traditional areas of the North Sea, Brazil, and Angola. High-resolution 3D surveys are repeated at 
regular intervals during a producing field’s life cycle, and those first acquired with GeoStreamer multi-sensor 
technology are generally repeated with multi-sensor. Production seismic and nearfield exploration deliver short 
cycle return on investment and these markets tend to be more resilient than pure exploration projects. The 
ongoing energy transition drives seismic demand towards infrastructure lead exploration and production as the 
energy companies extract more value from producing fields and existing portfolio acreage.  
 
In addition to PGS traditional business, the Group completed several 4D baseline surveys for development of 
carbon storage projects in 2022. Carbon storage plays a significant role in all net zero scenarios and 
identification, characterization and monitoring of carbon storage sites could constitute a significant new seismic 
acquisition market.  
 
MultiClient  
MultiClient data is acquired, imaged, and owned by PGS and host governments. Energy companies purchase a 
license from PGS to use specific data, and a single survey is typically licensed to multiple energy companies. To 
build and maintain the MultiClient data library, PGS makes significant investments in developing, acquiring, and 
imaging new surveys. By continuously investing in the MultiClient data library the Group expands its footprint in 
proven hydrocarbon basins and selected emerging basin areas.  
 
The ability to identify and initiate new MultiClient programs with solid economics over the life of the data library 
asset is a key success criterion for the MultiClient business model. PGS de-risks new programs by securing pre-
funding commitments from energy companies, with a targeted prefunding level for the combined portfolio in the 
range of 80-120% of the capitalized MultiClient cash investment.

--- Page 25 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
25
 
Initiation of New MultiClient Surveys  
The MultiClient business is about having the right data, in the right place, at the right time. PGS initiates attractive 
new MultiClient projects by capitalizing on its existing data library, in combination with applying in-house imaging 
and reservoir expertise, and feedback from clients regarding exploration and production areas of interest. The 
PGS MultiClient data library provides information about the geology in several of the world’s major hydrocarbon 
basins. By analyzing these data, including available public or ‘open file’ data, PGS imaging and reservoir experts 
can propose extensions to the existing library and new areas of hydrocarbon resource potential that have a high 
likelihood of being of interest to energy companies. These findings are assessed against feedback from clients on 
their assessment of hydrocarbon potential and where they need more seismic data to support their exploration 
and production activity.  
 
The information is combined with an overall risk analysis of the area, such as geological prospectivity, 
geophysical imaging challenges, political risks, past performance of surveys in the region, and the likelihood of 
future license rounds or other sales trigger events to ensure the business model is robust.  
 
In addition to serving clients, PGS also plays a role in supporting governments in exploring and promoting their 
resource potential. A key part of the MultiClient business involves providing high quality data and tailored advice 
to help optimize offshore hydrocarbon opportunities in each unique country and basin. 
MultiClient Data Library Sales  
PGS has a modern and geographically diverse MultiClient data library focused in largely mature areas of high oil 
and gas prospectivity. By accessing PGS’ data library, clients can evaluate hydrocarbon potential faster, 
compared to acquiring and processing a new seismic survey on a proprietary basis. The rapid access to high-
quality seismic data enables energy companies to assess the subsurface risks before applying for acreage in 
licensing rounds, guides exploration efforts, and evaluations of farm-in opportunities.  
 
License rounds serve as important sales triggers for the PGS MultiClient data library and guide long term 
investment decisions for new MultiClient data acquisition. The geographical diversity and strategic positioning of 
PGS global MultiClient library enables the Group to benefit from license rounds around the globe. However, other 
conduits to acreage access have been on the rise over the last years, including shorter time frame mini-licensing 
rounds, direct acreage promotions, permanent offerings while some countries have open door licensing rounds.  
 
A large MultiClient library with continuous coverage has several benefits. Geology is broad scale in nature, and it 
is difficult to understand and predict the characteristics of a local area if it is not set in context of the larger 
geological system. By reimaging existing data in the MultiClient library using the latest geophysical techniques, 
PGS creates regional data sets that make it possible to interpret and analyze entire basins in a consistent 
manner. Santos Vision in Brazil, Flex Vision in the Gulf of Mexico and GeoStreamer PURE in Norway, are three 
examples of re-imaged regional-scale subsurface data sets. PGS also employs geological expertise, which is 
used to plan and market MultiClient projects and advise governments how to maximize the value of their 
subsurface acreage, from licensing and exploration through to appraisal, development and production, and now 
also carbon storage.  
 
The PGS MultiClient 3D data library is strongly oriented towards 3D, with a total 3D footprint that consists of more 
than 1,140,000 square kilometers (“sq. km”) of seismic data. This vast library is composed of several hundred 
individual 3D surveys, that fall into one or more of the following categories: GeoStreamer 3D data acquired using 
multi-sensor technology (589,000 sq. km), conventional 3D (331,000 sq. km), and surveys that have been 
combined and reprocessed which include Vision 3D (129,000 sq. km), and MegaSurveyPlus (95,000 sq. km).  
 
In addition to its 3D data, the MultiClient 2D library of PGS is comprised of approximately 562,000- line 
kilometers, with 70% of it being GeoStreamer data. Furthermore, the Group has more than 900,000 sq. km of 
MegaSurvey, which is produced by integrating available public data with its own 3D data to create large-scale 
regionally geologically continuous 3D datasets. These resources allow PGS to provide clients with a 
comprehensive and high-quality data library to support their exploration and production efforts.  
 
PGS GeoStreamer MultiClient data can be used to minimize uncertainty and failure risk when selecting CO2 
storage sites. I addition to acquiring new seismic data for development of carbon storage projects, PGS has made 
several MultiClient sales for the same purpose.  
Imaging Services  
PGS runs several of its key imaging algorithms fully in the Cloud, which offers scalability, flexibility and access to 
almost unlimited compute capacity. By the end of 2022 more than 80% of the Group’s imaging work was 
conducted efficiently in the Cloud. All PGS imaging centers globally now use Cloud-compute.

--- Page 26 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
26
 
PGS uses state-of-the-art imaging technology and innovative workflows to image data in contract model 
exclusively for energy companies and for the PGS MultiClient data library. In addition to imaging new surveys, 
these centers also rejuvenate existing MultiClient data. Imaging services comprise 3D imaging, reservoir 
characterization, 4D processing solutions, and advanced imaging of ocean bottom node data. 
Reservoir Characterization  
PGS’ modern, broadband 3D GeoStreamer seismic data is especially well-suited to reliably determine subsurface 
properties, even in the absence of well-data. PGS’ highly experienced geoscientists use seismic data to help 
clients maximize the value of their subsurface assets, ranging from licensing and exploration through to appraisal 
development, production and carbon reinjection. 
 
Offshore Wind Site Characterization 
One of the challenges for offshore wind is the growing geographical size of windfarm licenses and leases, which 
could increase the time and cost of wind energy development projects. Many of the new license areas will be 
close to (or are larger than) 1,000 square kilometers. At this scale, detailed seabed and shallow subsurface 
modeling will be required over areas comparable to those found in hydrocarbon exploration.  
 
There is a growing need for ultra-high resolution 3D seismic data in pre-installation site surveys for offshore wind 
farms, where a detailed understanding of the properties of the upper 100 meters or so of the sub-surface is 
required to safely position and install wind turbines. Traditionally, site surveys for wind farms have been acquired 
using a grid of Ultra High Resolution (“UHR”) 2D seismic lines, limiting severely the reliability of subsurface 
information to plan and profile the location.  
 
Limitations of UHR2D are driving wind farm operators to consider UHR 3D seismic as an alternative. PGS now 
offers UHR 3D seismic acquisition, imaging, and interpretation following the purchase of NCS Subsea. The 
Group’s’ P-Cable achieves UHR imaging of the subsurface by sampling the seismic wavefield at a high spatial 
and temporal rate. 
 
Carbon Storage 
There is a broad consensus that carbon capture and storage (“CCS”) will be essential to reduce global emissions 
of carbon dioxide from industrial processes and that there is an abundance of geological storage in the form of 
depleted oil and gas fields and saline aquifers. Reliable geophysical data is fundamental in the selection of safe 
and efficient sites for carbon storage, which must demonstrate three key attributes: capacity, containment and 
injectivity.  
 
Judging by the carbon storage needs prognosed in reports published by institutions such as the Global CCS 
Institute, International Energy Agency (IEA) and The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) to 
mention a few, there is a significant potential for a market for new seismic acquisition and subsequent repeat 4D 
monitoring within the carbon storage domain to reach the net zero target set by the United Nations. PGS has an 
established position in the carbon storage geoservices market by completion of four acquisition projects in 2022 
and one in 2023. The Group is well positioned to bid for additional tenders coming to the market.  
 
PGS has a comprehensive MultiClient data library, that can provide useful insights into geological properties over 
many prospective storage sites. The Group’s GeoStreamer data combined with quantitative measures of reservoir 
quality can provide robust estimates of geological constraints and control on containment and injectivity. Reliable 
characterization of the overburden is required to ensure the distribution of geological faults in each area is well 
understood and does not present an undue containment risk.  
 
The MultiClient data library will not cover all potential storage sites. Where new acquisition is required, PGS’ 
modern broadband 3D GeoStreamer seismic data is especially well-suited to reliably determine subsurface 
properties, even in the absence of well-data. Seismic data, combined with PGS expertise in characterizing the 
subsurface can be used to minimize uncertainty and failure risk when selecting carbon storage sites. Once the 
storage site is selected PGS can supply integrated services to monitor carbon injection, storage and ensure 
containment over time.

--- Page 27 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
27
7 Organizational structure 
7.1 Description of Issuer 
Petroleum Geo-Services AS is a private limited liability company, incorporated and domiciled in Norway. The 
Company is a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of PGS ASA. 
 
Organizational structure  
The overview of the Group’s organizational structure is set forth in Annex 16. 
 
 
7.2 Dependence upon other entities  
 
The Company receives interest and loan repayments from loans provided to its subsidiaries, as well as income 
from investments in its subsidiaries. Therefore, the Company is dependent on the results of the operations of the 
Company's subsidiaries. 
 
The Guarantors receive funding from the Company and utilize as principals a bank guarantee facility in the name 
of the Company. Therefore, the Guarantors are dependent on the results of the operations of the Company.

--- Page 28 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
28
8 Trend information 
8.1 Prospects and financial performance 
 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Guarantors since the date of its 
last published audited financial statements. 
 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the end of the last financial 
period for which financial information has been published to the date of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 29 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
29
9 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
9.1 Information about persons 
For the members of the Board of Directors and the Management of the Company and the Guarantors the 
description below sets out the names, business address and functions within the Issuer and the Guarantors, and 
gives an indication of the principal activities performed by them outside the Issuer and the Guarantors where 
these are significant with respect to the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
 
The business address of the Board of Directors and the Management of the Company and the Guarantors can be 
seen in clause 5.4. 
 
9.1.1 Petroleum Geo-Services AS 
 
Board of Directors 
 
Name  
Position  
Rune Olav Pedersen 
Chairperson 
Gottfred Langseth 
Board member 
Merethe Bryn 
Board member 
 
Rune Olav Pedersen (1970) joined PGS in October 2010 and became President and CEO in 2017. 
 
Before assuming his current responsibilities, he was PGS' General Counsel and Head of Legal, combined with 
leading PGS' communication, strategic customer relations, marketing, and corporate development functions. 
 
Before joining PGS, he served for four years as a partner in the law firm Arntzen de Besche, specializing in oil 
and gas; he previously worked as an attorney and associate in the same firm. 
 
Rune started his career as a junior research fellow at the University of Oslo and has served as a deputy judge at 
the district court level in Norway. 
 
He is a member of the board of directors of E&P company OKEA and Seacrest Petroleo. 
 
Rune has a law degree from the University of Oslo, a post-graduate diploma in European competition law from 
Kings College London, and an MBA from London Business School. 
 
Gottfred Langseth (1966) joined PGS in November 2003 and was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief 
Financial Officer in January 2004. 
 
From 2000 to 2003, he was the Chief Financial Officer of the information technology company Ementor ASA. 
From 1997 to 2000, he was Senior Vice President of Finance and Control at the offshore engineering and 
construction company Aker Maritime ASA; and from 1991 to 1997 worked at Arthur Andersen Norway. 
 
Gottfred is a certified Norwegian state-authorized public accountant (1993) and holds a Master of Business 
Administration degree from the Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration. 
  
Merethe Bryn (1973) joined PGS in June 2013 and became VP Global Tax in 2020. 
 
Before joining PGS she was the Tax Manager for Fugro’s global seismic business for 2 years. She has also 
worked as an attorney at Deloitte law firm, and as a senior tax lawyer at the Norwegian Oil Taxation Office. 
 
Merethe holds a law degree from the University of Tromsø. 
 
 
 
Management 
 
Name  
Position  
Robert James Adams 
General Manager

--- Page 30 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
30
Robert James Adams (1976) joined PGS in 1998 and has been our Executive Vice President for Operations since 
January 2020. 
 
Rob has experience from all PGS business areas, including offshore, and has carried regional responsibility for 
projects and teams running acquisition and processing activities in Europe, Africa, and Asia Pacific. As Senior Vice 
President for New Ventures (2018 – 2020), he was responsible for building new MultiClient projects across all 
continents. Rob was also involved in framing PGS initiatives for reducing turnaround and future visioning. 
 
Rob holds a BSc in Geology and Geophysics from the University of Durham. 
 
9.1.2 PGS ASA 
 
Board of Directors 
 
Name  
Position  
Walter Qvam 
Chairperson 
Anne Grethe Dalane 
Vice Chairperson 
Richard Herbert 
Board member 
Trond Brandsrud 
Board member 
Ebrahim Attarzadeh 
Board member 
Shona Grant 
Board member 
Emiliana Dallan Rice-Oxley 
Board member 
Anette Valbø 
Board member 
Eivind Vesterås 
Board member 
Carine Roalkvam 
Board member 
 
Walter Qvam has held leading positions in various prominent Norwegian and international businesses in a variety 
of fields, including as the president and chief executive officer of Kongsberg Group ASA, oil and gas and shipping 
(Det Norske Veritas), IT (Capgemini), transportation (the Norwegian state railway) and consultancy (Gemini 
Consulting). Mr. Qvam chairs the boards of the cybersecurity company mnemonic, the robotics company wheel.me, 
and the innovation hub DigitalNorway. He is also a board member of the energy and infrastructure company 
CapeOmega. Mr. Qvam graduated Master of Science from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology 
(NTNU). 
 
Anne Grethe Dalane is VP of Finance Data & Development at Yara International and has held a number of senior 
positions at Norsk Hydro. Her previous experience covers a range of fields, including human resources as well as 
oil and gas. She has been the chief financial officer for Crop Nutrition, region director for Latin America, and country 
manager of Argentina at Yara. She serves as a director of BW LPG and Arendal Fossekompani ASA. Ms. Dalane’s 
background is in economics, and she holds a business degree from the Norwegian School of Economics NHH. 
 
Richard Herbert is a petroleum geologist with 40 years of experience in the global upstream industry. His career 
started with Phillips Petroleum, followed by 19 years at BP in senior exploration and development positions 
spanning southeast Asia, Latin America, the USA, Angola, and the UK North Sea. From 2003 to 2008, for TNK-BP 
in Russia, he was exploration vice president and subsequently executive vice president of technology. From 2009 
to 2013, for Talisman Energy in Canada, he was exploration vice president. From 2013 until late 2016, he was BP's 
chief operating officer for exploration. In 2017, he joined the board of Frontera Energy Corporation and was their 
chief executive officer, in Bogota, Colombia, from 2018 until 2021. Richard Herbert holds a BSc in Geology from 
the University of Bristol in the UK. 
 
Trond Brandsrud is an advisor, a board member, and a non-executive director of several listed and private-equity 
companies, including Aker BP, where he chairs the audit and risk committee, and Lowell, where he chairs both the 
audit the risk committees and serves as a member of the remuneration committee. Brandsrud has 30 years of 
experience in the oil and gas industry, serving as group chief financial officer at Aker and Seadrill and in a range of 
senior financial positions at Royal Dutch Shell. He is the chairperson of Lowell Finans AS and a non-executive 
director of Lowell Group and Waterise AS. Brandsrud is a Norwegian citizen with a master’s degree from the 
Norwegian School of Economics (NHH). 
 
Ebrahim Attarzadeh was, until recently, CEO of Stifel Europe Bank AG (formerly Mainfirst) and is currently in the 
process of setting up an advisory company. He has held several roles in Deutsche Bank and various leadership 
roles within Mainfirst, both in Frankfurt, London, Zurich, and New York. In addition to PGS, he has a supervisory 
board position at MusicBird AG and at ONTEX. Mr. Attarzadeh holds a master's in economic science from Ruprecht-
Karls-Universität Heidelberg. He is a German citizen residing in Switzerland.

--- Page 31 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
31
Shona Grant is the chairperson at qWave AS and at Saferock AS, and a non-executive director at Hydrawell AS. 
She has previously served as a non-executive director at Gulf Marine Services Plc and for various pioneering 
technology companies, including Bluware Corporation. Dr. Grant has enjoyed a long career in leadership roles at 
BP, including as a Performance Unit leader in Norway, following which she served as CEO of 2TD Drilling AS (now 
part of Nabors Industries). Dr. Grant is a geologist by training with a Ph.D. from the University of Leicester. She is 
a UK citizen residing in Norway. 
 
Emiliana Dallan Rice-Oxley has more than 35 years of experience from the oil & gas industry and has during this 
period held senior and executive roles within Shell and Petronas, and recently retired from the position of Vice 
President Exploration in Petronas. Currently, she is a board member in Hibiscus Petroleum Berhad and an advisory 
board member of Heriot Watt University, Malaysia. She is a Malaysian citizen residing in Kuala Lumpur. .Ms.Rice-
Oxley holds a B.sc Geology from University of South Carolina, USA along with various management degrees from 
Harvard Business School and Stanford University, USA. 
 
Anette Valbø joined PGS in 2002. Her current position is Bid Manager. She has previously held various business 
controller positions within Marine Contract and Operations business area. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Valbø 
served in various positions within auditing and accounting at Frontline Ltd. and DNB. Ms. Valbø holds a bachelor’s 
degree in accounting and auditing from Molde University College, Norway. 
 
Eivind Versterås joined PGS in 2008 as a geophysicist, first offshore and then based in Oslo, analyzing both 
seismic and electromagnetic data. He is currently a Special Projects Manager in our Operations division. He has 
worked in research, operations, and sales support roles, with experience that spans from the development of 
technical solutions to their introduction to the market. Since 2018, he has been the chief union representative of 
Tekna in our Oslo office. Eivind holds an M.Sc. in applied physics from the Norwegian University of Science and 
Technology. 
 
Carine Roalkvam joined PGS in 2013 and is Regional Geophysical Advisor and Geophysical Support Manager in 
our Sales & Services business area. Her breadth of seismic industry experience, which spans survey design, 
operational geophysics including project delivery responsibility, and seismic imaging, is matched by a profound 
technical understanding. She has served in a variety of roles within PGS and in Fugro where she began her seismic 
career offshore, processing field data. Carine holds an M.Sc. in Geophysics from the School and Observatory of 
Earth Sciences in Strasbourg. 
 
 
Management 
 
Name  
Position  
Rune Olav Pedersen 
CEO 
Gottfred Langseth 
EVP and CFO 
Nathan Oliver 
EVP Sales and Services 
Berit Osnes 
EVP New Energy 
Rob Adams 
EVP Operations 
 
Rune Olav Pedersen, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
Gottfred Langseth, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
Nathan Oliver (1966) joined PGS in 1993 and was appointed Executive Vice President of Sales and Services in 
September 2020. 
 
Nathan has served PGS globally in various locations, managing international teams in London, Houston, Singapore, 
and Kuala Lumpur, with regional responsibilities for Europe, West Africa, North and South America, and Asia 
Pacific, running a range of PGS activities from advanced imaging to MultiClient.  
 
Before joining PGS, he worked at Digicon Geophysical. 
 
Nathan holds an MSc in Geoscience from the University of Sheffield and a BSc in Geology from Kingston University. 
 
Berit Osnes (1964) joined PGS in 2006 and assumed her current position as Executive Vice President of New 
Energy in April 2021. 
Berit has served in various sales management roles within our MultiClient business, including Vice President of 
Geophysics for Europe, Africa, Middle East, Vice President of MultiClient Europe, Senior Vice President of 
MultiClient, SVP Strategic Projects, and SVP Eurasia. 
 
In both 2015 and 2016, she was an employee-elected member of the PGS Board of Directors.

--- Page 32 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
32
 
Before joining PGS, she held technical management positions with Geoteam AS and Veritas DGC Ltd. Before this, 
she spent 11 years with Norsk Hydro working in field development, exploration, and geophysical operations. 
 
Berit holds an MSc in Geophysics from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU). 
 
Rob Adams, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
9.1.3 PGS Australia Pty Ltd 
 
Board of Directors 
 
Name  
Position  
Gottfred Langseth 
Merethe Bryn 
Rune Olav Pedersen 
Rick Irving 
Board member 
Board member 
Board member 
Board member 
 
Rune Olav Pedersen, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
Gottfred Langseth, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
Merethe Bryn, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
Rick Irving joined PGS in 1997.  His current position is Vice President Australasia located in Perth. 
Rick has worked for PGS in several countries (Perth, Egypt, UK and Singapore), originally performing technical 
roles and later moving into sales and business development.    
Rick holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Geophysics from Curtin University in Western Australia. 
 
 
Management 
 
Name  
Position  
n/a 
 
 
 
9.1.4 PGS Suporte Logistico e Servicos Ltda. 
 
Board of Directors 
 
Name  
Position  
n/a 
 
 
 
Management 
 
Name  
Position  
Adrian Burke 
General Manager 
 
 
Adrian Burke joined PGS in 1996. His current position is Vice President Brazil. 
He has held a variety of technical and managerial positions within PGS covering the Imaging, Marine Contract and 
MultiClient business areas across several geomarkets including Europe, CIS, Middle East, North Africa and 
Mediterranean, West Africa and now Brazil. 
Mr Burke holds a bachelor’s degree in Applied Geology from Staffordshire University, UK.

--- Page 33 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
33
 
9.1.5 PGS Egypt for Petroleum Services LLC 
 
Board of Directors 
 
Name  
Position  
Merv Malati 
Chairperson 
 
Mervat Malati joined PGS in 1996, her current position is General Manager PGS Egypt, covering both Egypt and 
North Africa.  
Mervat previously held a position in Sales & Services Africa, Mediterranean and Middle East as Business 
Development Manager for the region.  
Before joining PGS, she started a Middle East branch of IHRDC based in Cairo.  
Mervat studied in the USA at Louisiana Tech University, (BS) Professional Aviation.  
 
 
Management 
 
Name  
Position  
Gottfred Langseth  
General Manager 
 
 
Gottfred Langseth, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
 
9.1.6 PGS Holding I Ltd 
 
Board of Directors 
 
Name  
Position  
Gottfred Langseth 
Merethe Bryn 
Rune Olav Pedersen
Board member 
Board member 
Board member 
 
Rune Olav Pedersen, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
Gottfred Langseth, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
Merethe Bryn, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
 
Management 
 
Name  
Position  
n/a 
 
 
 
9.1.7 PGS Holding II Ltd 
 
Board of Directors 
 
Name  
Position  
Gottfred Langseth 
Merethe Bryn 
Rune Olav Pedersen 
Board member 
Board member 
Board member

--- Page 34 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
34
 
Rune Olav Pedersen, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
Gottfred Langseth, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
Merethe Bryn, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
 
Management 
 
Name  
Position  
n/a 
 
 
9.1.8 Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) Ltd 
 
Board of Directors 
 
 
Name  
Position  
 
 
Gottfred Langseth 
Merethe Bryn 
Rune Olav Pedersen
Board member 
Board member 
Board member 
 
Rune Olav Pedersen, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
Gottfred Langseth, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
Merethe Bryn, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
 
 
Management 
 
Name  
Position  
n/a 
 
 
 
9.1.9 PGS Exploration (UK) Ltd 
Board of Directors 
 
Name  
Position  
 
 
Gottfred Langseth 
Merethe Bryn 
Rune Olav Pedersen
Board member 
Board member 
Board member 
 
Rune Olav Pedersen, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
Gottfred Langseth, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
Merethe Bryn, please see description in clause 9.1.1.

--- Page 35 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
35
Management 
 
Name  
Position  
 
 
n/a 
 
 
9.1.10 PT Petroprima Geo Services Nusantara 
Board of Directors 
 
Name  
Position  
Alex Vartan 
Gottfred Langseth 
Risman Setia Putra 
Chairperson 
Board member 
Board member 
 
Alex Vartan joined PGS in 1998. His current position is Vice President AsiaPacific.  
He has previously held positions in Sales and Services business areas including Vice President AMME, Vice 
President South America and Managing Director, Brasil and Country Manager, Nigeria with those roles including 
Business Development and Sales functions. 
Prior to joining the Company, Alex worked offshore with Western Geophysical. 
Alex holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Physics with Geophysics from the University of Bath, UK and a 
Master of Science Postgraduate Degree in Marine Geotechnics from Bangor, UCNW. 
 
Gottfred Langseth, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
Risman Setia Putra joined PGS in 2001. His current position is Director at PT Petroprima Geo Services 
Nusantra.  He has previously held the position Financial Manager & Tax in Indonesia. Prior to joining the 
Company, he worked for PT, Nusantara & Western Geo Physical Joint Operation, as Financial Manager, Tax, 
Legal at Bandung and Jakarta Indonesia. 
Risman holds a Bachelor of Business Administration at University of Administrasi Niaga Bandung, Indonesia.  
 
 
Management 
 
Name  
Position  
 
 
n/a 
 
 
9.1.11 Multiklient Invest AS 
Board of Directors 
 
Name  
Position  
Rune Olav Pedersen 
Chairperson 
Gottfred Langseth 
Board member 
Merethe Bryn 
Board member 
 
Rune Olav Pedersen, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
Gottfred Langseth, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
Merethe Bryn, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
 
 
Management 
 
Name  
Position  
Berit Osnes 
General Manager

--- Page 36 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
36
 
Berit Osnes, please see description in clause 9.1.2. 
 
 
9.1.12 PGS Shipowner AS 
Board of Directors 
 
Name  
Position  
Rune Olav Pedersen 
Chairperson 
Gottfred Langseth 
Board member 
Merethe Bryn 
Board member 
 
Rune Olav Pedersen, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
Gottfred Langseth, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
Merethe Bryn, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
 
Management 
 
Name  
Position  
Robert James Adams 
General Manager 
 
Robert James Adams, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
9.1.13 PGS Falcon AS 
Board of Directors 
 
Name  
Position  
Rune Olav Pedersen 
Chairperson 
Gottfred Langseth 
Board member 
Merethe Bryn  
Board member 
 
Rune Olav Pedersen, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
Gottfred Langseth, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
Merethe Bryn, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
 
Management 
 
Name  
Position  
Robert James Adams 
General Manager 
 
Robert James Adams, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
9.1.14 PGS Geophysical AS 
Board of Directors 
 
Name  
Position  
Gottfred Langseth 
Chairperson 
Merethe Bryn 
Board member

--- Page 37 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
37
Kristian Hagset Hoddevik 
Board member 
Anette Valbø 
Board member 
Eivind Rødnes Vesterås 
Board member 
Carine Roalkvam 
Board member 
 
Gottfred Langseth, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
Merethe Bryn, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
Kristian Hagset Hoddevik joined PGS in 2017 as responsible for IFRS and group financial reporting. His current 
position is Corporate Controller responsible for the business controller function. Prior to joining PGS Kristian, has 
worked with PwC as an auditor and Höegh LNG as part of the group accounting team. Kristian holds a Master of 
Professional Accountancy from BI Norwegian Business School. 
 
 
Anette Valbø, please see description in clause 9.1.2. 
 
Carine Roalkvam, please see description in clause 9.1.2. 
 
Eivind Rødnes Vesterås, please see description in clause 9.1.2. 
 
 
Management 
 
Name  
Position  
Robert James Adams 
General Manager 
 
Robert James Adams, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
9.1.15 Petroleum Geo-Services, Inc. 
Board of Directors 
 
Name  
Position  
Gottfred Langseth 
Merethe Bryn 
Rune Olav Pedersen
Board member 
Board member 
Board member 
 
Rune Olav Pedersen, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
Gottfred Langseth, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
Merethe Bryn, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
 
 
Management 
 
Name  
Position  
 
 
n/a 
 
 
9.1.16 PGS Finance, Inc. 
Board of Directors 
 
Name  
Position  
 
 
Gottfred Langseth 
Merethe Bryn 
Board member 
Board member

--- Page 38 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
38
Rune Olav Pedersen
Board member 
 
Rune Olav Pedersen, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
Gottfred Langseth, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
Merethe Bryn, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
 
 
Management 
 
Name  
Position  
 
 
n/a 
 
 
9.1.17 Petroleum Geo-Services Asia Pacific Pte Ltd. 
Board of Directors 
 
Name  
Position  
Gottfred Langseth 
Merethe Bryn 
Rune Olav Pedersen 
Alex Vartan 
Wee Choo Peng 
Board member 
Board member 
Board member 
Board member 
Board member 
 
Rune Olav Pedersen, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
Gottfred Langseth, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
Merethe Bryn, please see description in clause 9.1.1. 
 
Alex Vartan, please see description in clause 9.1.10 
 
Wee Choo Peng was appointed as a nominee director of Petroleum Geo-Services Asia Pacific Pte Ltd (Singapore 
incorporated company) on 4 October 2020. Mr Wee’s last position was Regional Internal Audit Manager of Wilmar 
Group. He has previously held various positions in finance and audit such as Vice President of Finance and Head 
of Internal Audit as well as external auditor of Big 4.  
Mr Wee qualified as a Chartered Accountant of the Institute of England and Wales. 
 
 
Management 
 
Name  
Position  
n/a 
 
 
 
 
 
9.2 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies conflicts of 
interest  
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the Issuer or the Guarantors of the persons referred 
to in item 9.1 and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 39 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
39
10 Major shareholders 
10.1 Ownership  
 
Petroleum Geo-Services AS 
The company is wholly owned by PGS ASA through PGS Holding II Ltd (UK) and PGS Holding I Ltd (UK), both 
wholly owned subsidiaries of PGS ASA.  
 
PGS ASA 
Major shareholders as of 22 November 2023 is shown below: 
 
Shareholder 
Shares 
% ownership 
Country 
Division 
1 
Interactive Brokers LLC 
51 005 651 
5.34 
USA 
Nominee 
2 
Morgan Stanley & Co LLC  
42 530 228 
4.45 
USA 
Nominee 
3 
Bank of New York Mellon 
41 037 539 
4.30 
GBR 
Nominee 
4 
State Street Bank 
38 619 045 
4.04 
USA 
Nominee 
5 
Bank of New York Mellon 
36 750 398 
3.85 
GBR 
Nominee 
6 
Bank of New York Mellon  
29 827 515 
3.12 
USA 
Nominee 
7 
Goldman Sachs International  
29 490 257 
3.09 
GBR 
Nominee 
8 
HSBC Bank  
24 486 276  
2.56 
LUX 
Nominee 
9 
Goldman Sachs & Co LLC   
18 544 491 
1.94 
USA 
Nominee  
10 
State Street Bank  
17 835 984  
1.87 
USA 
Nominee 
11 
Bank of New York Mellon 
14 617 494 
1.53 
GBR 
Nominee 
12 
Verdipapirfondet DNB SMB 
13 010 105 
1.36 
NOR 
Ordinary   
13 
Verdipapirfondet First Generator  
10 134 447 
1.06 
NOR 
Ordinary 
14 
State Street Bank 
9 967 371 
1.04 
USA 
Nominee 
15 
State Street Bank 
9 937 641 
1.04 
USA 
Nominee 
16 
Bank of New York Mellon 
9 744 816 
1.02 
GBR 
Nominee 
17 
Nordnet Livsforsikring AS 
8 849 610 
0.93 
NOR 
Ordinary 
18 
MP Pensjon PK 
8 686 203 
0.91 
NOR 
Ordinary 
19 
SEB 
8 577 051 
0.90 
SWE 
Ordinary 
20 
Verdipapirfondet DNB Global 
8 248 595 
0.86 
NOR 
Ordinary 
20 largest shareholders 
431 900 717 
45.21 
    
Total shares 
955 310 440 
100 
 
PGS Australia Pty Ltd 
The company is wholly owned by Petroleum Geo-Services AS.  
 
PGS Suporte Logistico e Servicos Ltda. 
The company is owned 26.26 % by Petroleum Geo-Services AS and 73.74 % by PGS Geophysical AS.  
 
PGS Egypt for Petroleum Services LLC 
The company is owned 99.99 % by Petroleum Geo-Services Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd., which is wholly owned by 
Petroleum Geo-Services AS. 
 
PGS Holding I Ltd 
The company is wholly owned by PGS ASA. 
 
PGS Holding II Ltd 
The company is wholly owned by PGS Holding I Ltd, which is wholly owned by PGS ASA. 
 
Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) Ltd 
The company is wholly owned by Petroleum Geo-Services AS. 
 
PGS Exploration (UK) Ltd

--- Page 40 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
40
The company is wholly owned by Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) Ltd., which is wholly owned by Petroleum Geo-
Services AS. 
 
PT Petroprima Geo Services Nusantara 
The company is owned 93.4 % by PGS ASA and 0.96% by PGS Geophysical AS which is wholly owned by 
Petroleum Geo-Services AS. 
 
Multiklient Invest AS 
The company is wholly owned by Petroleum Geo-Services AS.  
 
PGS Shipowner AS 
The company is wholly owned by PGS Falcon AS, which is wholly owned by Petroleum Geo-Services AS.  
 
PGS Falcon AS 
The company is wholly owned by Petroleum Geo-Services AS.  
 
PGS Geophysical AS 
The company is wholly owned by Petroleum Geo-Services AS.  
 
Petroleum Geo-Services, Inc. 
The company is owned 98 % by Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 1 % by PGS Shipowner AS (wholly owned by PGS 
Falcon AS) and 1 % by PGS Falcon AS (wholly owned by Petroleum Geo-Services AS).  
 
PGS Finance, Inc. 
The company is wholly owned by Petroleum Geo-Services AS. 
 
Petroleum Geo-Services Asia Pacific Pte Ltd. 
The company is wholly owned by Petroleum Geo-Services AS. 
 
 
10.2 Change of control of the company 
18 September 2023 PGS ASA and TGS ASA (“TGS”) announced a combination of the two companies (the 
“Merger”) to establish the premier energy data company. 
 
25 October 2023 PGS and TGS jointly announced that their respective boards of directors have approved and 
decided upon a definitive merger agreement, in line with the terms previously announced. 
 
1 December 2023 extraordinary general meetings (“EGM”) in TGS ASA and PGS ASA approved the Merger. 
 
The Merger is to be structured as a statutory, triangular merger between TGS Newco AS (“TGS NewCo”), a newly 
established wholly owned subsidiary of TGS designated for such purpose. TGS and PGS in accordance with 
Chapter 13 of the Norwegian Companies Act. TGS NewCo will be the surviving entity and merger consideration will 
be provided to the PGS shareholders in the form of 0.06829 ordinary shares of TGS for each PGS share held. 
Future TGS dividend payments declared after EGM approval and up to completion of the Merger will be 
compensated to PGS shareholders in cash upon completion. 
 
Following the completion of the Merger, TGS and PGS shareholders will own approximately 2/3 and 1/3 of the 
combined company, respectively, on the basis of the current share capital of each of the companies. 
Completion of the Merger is subject to customary closing conditions such as relevant regulatory approvals and 
consents, compliance with applicable covenants and expiry of statutory waiting periods. The transaction is not 
subject to further due diligence or financing. 
 
For further information on the Merger, including strategic rationale, information about PGS and TGS, and the terms 
and conditions for the Merger, please see the announcement of 18 September 2023 and the Merger Plan. The 
Merger Plan is available on www.tgs.com and www.pgs.com. 
 
Prior to the Ultimate Parent agreeing to a merger, PGS must (a) under the TLB and Super Senior Loan send a 
notice to the lenders’ agent confirming that the loans will be repaid upon consummation of the Merger, and (b) 
send a notice to the ECF agent requesting consent to that - in the reasonable opinion of the facility agent - the 
Merger will not have any material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Ultimate Parent or materially 
change of the nature of the Ultimate Parent’s business. There is a risk that the ECF will not provide this consent, 
require remedy which is not available, and/or require repayment of the loans, and as a consequence PGS or the 
combined company not being able to pay or refinance the loans required to be repaid.

--- Page 41 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
41
The holders under the Bond will upon consummation of the Merger be entitled to put the Bonds at 101% of par, 
whereas the holders of the Notes will upon consummation of the Merger before 30 June 2024 be entitled to put 
the Bonds at 102% of par and thereafter at par.

--- Page 42 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
42
11 Financial information concerning the Company's and 
the Guarantors’ assets and liabilities, financial position and 
profits and losses 
11.1 Historical Financial Information 
 
Petroleum Geo-Services AS 
Petroleum Geo-Services AS's consolidated financial statements for 2022 have been prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as adopted by the European Union (“EU”). The Group's 
accounting policies are shown in the Petroleum Geo-Services AS Annual Report 2022, note 2, pages 17-31. 
 
Petroleum Geo-Services AS’ financial statements 2022 and 2021 have been prepared in accordance with the 
Norwegian Accounting Act and simplified IFRS, ref. the Norwegian Accounting Act § 3.9 5th paragraph. The 
company's accounting policies are shown in Petroleum Geo-Services AS Annual Report 2022, note 1 page 79-82.  
 
According to the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council, the historical 
financial information and financial statements is incorporated by reference to the Petroleum Geo-Services AS 
Annual Report 2022.  
 
Petroleum Geo-Services AS Annual Report 2021 is attached as Annex 1a. Historical financial information is 
available on the pages shown below. 
 
 
             Petroleum Geo-Services AS Annual Report 
2022
2021
Page(s)
Page(s)
Petroleum Geo-Services AS Consolidated 
 
 
Statements of Profit and Loss 
12 
N/A 
Statements of Financial Position  
14 
N/A 
Notes to the financial statements 
16-72 
N/A 
Petroleum Geo-Services AS 
 
 
Statements of Profit and Loss 
74 
6
Statements of Financial Position 
75-76
7-8
 
Notes to the financial statements
 
79-88
 
11-21 
 
The financial information included in the Base Prospectus has not been prepared in accordance with IFRS as 
endorsed in the EU based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. Petroleum Geo-Services AS has prepared its 
unconsolidated financial statements in accordance with the regulations on simplified application of the 
International Financial Reporting Standards ("Simplified IFRS”) (FOR-2014-11-03-1415), ref. the Norwegian 
Accounting Act § 3.9 5th paragraph.  
 
The main differences between and “IFRS” and “Simplified IFRS” are: (i) reduced disclosure requirements; (ii) 
simplified measurement of certain assets and liabilities; and (iii) fewer accounting options and exemptions from 
certain complex standards. 
 
The company’s significant accounting principles are consistent with the accounting principles of the Group, with 
the exception of the treatment of dividends and group contributions. In accordance with the Accounting Act, 
dividends are recognized in the reporting period corresponding to the financial year in which they pertain, even if 
the decision to distribute them occurs in the subsequent year as part of the financial statement approval process. 
As of 31 December 2021 and 2022, the company had no receivable or liability relating to any group contributions. 
As a result, there would be no differences in the Statements of Profit and Loss or the Statements of Financial 
Position in the financial information had Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 been applied to the historical financial 
information for 2021 and 2022. 
 
PGS ASA 
PGS ASA's consolidated financial statements for 2022 and 2021 have been prepared in accordance IFRS as 
adopted by EU. The Group's accounting policies are shown in the PGS ASA Annual Report 2022, note 2, pages 
70-75. 
 
PGS ASA's financial statements for 2022 and 2021 have been prepared in accordance with the Norwegian

--- Page 43 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
43
Accounting Act and accounting principles generally accepted in Norway (“NGAAP”). PGS ASA's accounting 
policies are shown in the PGS ASA Annual Report 2022, note 1, page 113. 
 
According to the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council, the historical 
financial information and financial statements is incorporated by reference to the PGS ASA Annual Report 2022 
and the PGS ASA Annual Report 2021, see Cross Reference List for complete web address.  
 
 
PGS ASA Annual Report 
 
2022 
2021 
 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
 
 
 
PGS ASA Consolidated 
 
 
Consolidated Statements of Profit and Loss
66
62
 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 
 
68
 
64
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
 
70-108
 
66-105
PGS ASA 
 
 
Statements of Profit and Loss 
110 
107 
Statements of Financial Position 
111
108
 
Notes to the financial statements
 
113-117
 
110-115
 
The financial information included in the Base Prospectus has not been prepared in accordance with IFRS as 
endorsed in the EU based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. PGS ASA has prepared its unconsolidated financial 
statements in accordance with the Norwegian Accounting Act and accounting principles generally accepted in 
Norway (“NGAAP”). 
 
The main differences between and “IFRS” and the Norwegian Accounting Act are: (i) reduced disclosure 
requirements; (ii) simplified measurement of certain assets and liabilities; and (iii) fewer accounting options and 
exemptions from certain complex standards. 
 
The company’s significant accounting principles are consistent with the accounting principles of the Group, with 
the exception of the treatment of dividends and group contributions. In accordance with the Accounting Act, 
dividends are recognized in the reporting period corresponding to the financial year in which they pertain, even if 
the decision to distribute them occurs in the subsequent year as part of the financial statement approval process. 
As of 31 December 2021 and 2022, the company had no receivable or liability relating to any group contributions. 
As a result, there would be no differences in the Statements of Profit and Loss or the Statements of Financial 
Position in the financial information had Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 been applied to the historical financial 
information for 2021 and 2022. 
 
 
PGS Australia Pty Ltd (“PGS Australia”) 
PGS Australia’s financial statements for 2022 and 2021 have been prepared in accordance with the Australian 
Accounting Standards - Simplified Disclosures.  
 
The company's accounting policies are shown in the PGS Australia Annual Report 2022, note 2 pages 10-20.  
 
The PGS Australia Annual Report 2022 and PGS Australia Annual Report 2021 are attached as Annex 2a and b. 
Historical financial information is available on the pages shown below. 
 
 
             PGS Australia Pty Ltd’s Annual Report 
2022
2021
 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
PGS Australia Pty Ltd 
 
 
Statements of Profit and Loss 
6 
6
Statements of Financial Position 
7
7
 
Notes to the financial statements
 
10-34
 
10-34 
 
The financial information included in the Base Prospectus has not been prepared in accordance with IFRS as 
endorsed in the EU based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. PGS Australia has applied Australian Accounting 
Standards – Simplified Disclosures in its financial statements, the recognition and measurement criteria of which 
are consistent with IFRS but with reduced disclosures. All material accounting policies applied by PGS Australia

--- Page 44 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
44
are consistent with the accounting policies implemented in the consolidated financial statements of the Group and 
there would be no differences in the Statements of Profit and Loss or the Statements of Financial Position in the 
financial information had Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 been applied to the historical financial information. 
 
 
PGS Suporte Logistico e Servicos Ltda. (“PGS Suporte”) 
PGS Suporte’s statutory financial statements for 2022 and 2021 were prepared in accordance with accounting 
practices adopted in Brazil. These statutory financial statements do not conform to IFRS and have not undergone 
an audit by an audit firm registered with the Norwegian Financial authorities. There are material differences, in 
particular revenue recognition and amortization of intangible assets. Consequently, PGS has prepared special 
purpose financial statements for PGS Suporte for the years 2022 and 2021. These special purpose financial 
statements are prepared in accordance with IFRS and aligned with the financial information of PGS Suporte as 
included in the consolidated financial statements for the Group. Ernst & Young AS (Norway) have issued an opinion 
on these special purpose financial statements in compliance with International Standard on Assurance 
Engagements 800 (ISA 800).   
 
The 2022 and 2021 special purpose financial statements for PGS Suporte are attached as Annex 3a and b. 
Financial information is available on the pages shown below. 
 
 
             PGS Suporte Logistico e Servicos Ltda.’s 
Report 
2022
2021
 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
PGS Suporte Logistico e Servicos Ltda. 
 
 
Statements of Profit and Loss 
2 
2
Statements of Financial Position 
3-4
3-4
 
Notes to the financial statements
 
7-17
 
7-17 
 
  
 
PGS Egypt for Petroleum Services LLC (“PGS Egypt”) 
PGS Egypt’s financial statements for 2022 and 2021 have been prepared in accordance with Egyptian Accounting 
Standards.  
 
The company's accounting policies are shown in PGS Egypt for Petroleum Services Annual Report 2022, note 2 
pages 9-19.  
 
The 2022 and 2021 Annual Reports for PGS Egypt are attached as Annex 4a and b. Historical financial 
information is available on the pages shown below. 
 
 
             PGS Egypt for Petroleum Services LLC 
Annual Report 
2022
2021
 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
PGS Egypt for Petroleum Services 
 
 
Statements of Profit and Loss 
5 
6
Statements of Financial Position 
4
5
 
Notes to the financial statements
 
9-30
 
10-28 
 
The financial information included in the Base Prospectus has not been prepared in accordance with IFRS as 
endorsed in the EU based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002.  
 
PGS Egypt financial statements are prepared in accordance with Egyptian Accounting Standards, which for the 
most part align with IFRS in a substantial manner. However, certain variations exist.  
 
For certain Multiclient contracts, the classification adopted in the statutory financial statements for PGS Egypt is 
different from IFRS as applied in the consolidated financial statements of the Group. For these contracts the 
company records the estimated portion of survey costs related to the pre-funding as inventory (work in progress 
or finished data under IAS 2) instead of intangible assets. Similarly, at the time of recognizing the pre-funding as 
revenues, the survey costs are classified as vessel cost in the statements of profit and loss. These classification 
differences do not have any impact on net income, total assets or shareholders’ equity. The table below shows 
the differences compared to IFRS as applied in the consolidated financial statements of the Group:

--- Page 45 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
45
                           
 
  
 
 
PGS Holding I Ltd 
PGS Holding I Ltd’s financial statements for 2022 and 2021 have been prepared in accordance with the UK 
Accounting Standards (Financial Reporting Standard 101 ‘Reduced Disclosure Framework’).  
 
The company's accounting policies are shown in PGS Holding I Ltd Annual Report 2022, note 2 and 3, page 14-
15.  
 
The PGS Holding I Ltd Annual Report 2022 and PGS Holding I Ltd Annual Report 2021 are attached as Annex 5 
a and b. Historical financial information is available on the pages shown below. 
 
 
PGS Holding I Ltd Annual Report 
2022
2021
 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
PGS Holding I Ltd 
 
 
Statements of Profit and Loss 
N/A 
12
Statements of Financial Position 
12
13
 
Notes to the financial statements
 
14-18
 
15-19 
 
The financial information included in the Base Prospectus has not been prepared in accordance with IFRS as 
endorsed in the EU based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. PGS Holding I Ltd has prepared its financial 
statements under UK Financial Reporting Standard 101 ‘Reduced Disclosure Framework’. This framework, while 
maintaining recognition and measurement criteria that align with IFRS, incorporates specific disclosure 
exemptions. All material accounting policies applied by PGS Holding I Ltd. are consistent with the accounting 
policies implemented in the consolidated financial statements of the Group and there would be no differences in 
the Statements of Profit and Loss or the Statements of Financial Position in the financial information had 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 been applied to the historical financial information. 
 
 
PGS Holding II Ltd 
PGS Holding II Ltd’s financial statements 2022 and 2021 have been prepared in accordance with the UK 
Accounting Standards (Financial Reporting Standard 101 ‘Reduced Disclosure Framework’).  
 
The company's accounting policies are shown in PGS Holding II Ltd Annual Report 2022, note 2 and 3, page 14-
15.  
 
The PGS Holding II Ltd Annual Report 2022 and PGS Holding II Ltd Annual Report 2021 are attached as Annex 
6a and b. Historical financial information is available on the pages shown below. 
 
 
PGS Holding II Ltd Annual Report 
2022
2021
 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
PGS Holding II Ltd 
 
 
Statements of Profit and Loss 
N/A 
12
Statements of Financial Position 
12
13
 
Notes to the financial statements
 
14-17
 
15-18

--- Page 46 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
46
The financial information included in the Base Prospectus has not been prepared in accordance with IFRS as 
endorsed in the EU based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. PGS Holding II Ltd has prepared its financial 
statements under UK Financial Reporting Standard 101 ‘Reduced Disclosure Framework’. This framework, while 
maintaining recognition and measurement criteria that align with IFRS, incorporates specific disclosure 
exemptions. All material accounting policies applied by PGS Holding II Ltd. are consistent with the accounting 
policies implemented in the consolidated financial statements of the Group and there would be no differences in 
the Statements of Profit and Loss or the Statements of Financial Position in the financial information had 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 been applied to the historical financial information. 
 
 
Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) Limited 
Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) Limited’s financial statements 2022 and 2021 have been prepared in accordance 
with UK Accounting Standards (Financial Reporting Standard 101 ‘Reduced Disclosure Framework’).  
 
The company's accounting policies are shown in Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) Limited Annual Report 2022, note 
2 and 3, page 16.  
 
The Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) Limited Annual Report 2022 and Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) Limited Annual 
Report 2021 are attached as Annex 7a and b. Historical financial information is available on the pages shown 
below. 
 
 
Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) Limited Annual Report 
2022
2021
 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) Limited 
 
 
Statements of Profit and Loss 
13 
12
Statements of Financial Position 
14
13
 
Notes to the financial statements
 
16-30
 
15-29 
 
The financial information included in the Base Prospectus has not been prepared in accordance with IFRS as 
endorsed in the EU based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) Limited has prepared 
its financial statements under UK Financial Reporting Standard 101 ‘Reduced Disclosure Framework’. This 
framework, while maintaining recognition and measurement criteria that align with IFRS, incorporates specific 
disclosure exemptions. All material accounting policies applied by Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) Limited. are 
consistent with the accounting policies implemented in the consolidated financial statements of the Group and 
there would be no differences in the Statements of Profit and Loss or the Statements of Financial Position in the 
financial information had Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 been applied to the historical financial information. 
 
 
PGS Exploration (UK) Limited 
PGS Exploration (UK) Limited’s ffinancial statements 2022 and 2021 have been prepared in accordance with UK 
Accounting Standards (Financial Reporting Standard 101 ‘Reduced Disclosure Framework’). 
 
The company's accounting policies are shown in PGS Exploration (UK) Limited Annual Report 2022, note 2 and 
3, page 17.  
 
The PGS Exploration (UK) Limited Annual Report 2022 and PGS Exploration (UK) Limited Annual Report 2021 
are attached as Annex 8a and b. Historical financial information is available on the pages shown below. 
 
 
PGS Exploration (UK) Limited Annual Report 
2022
2021
 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
PGS Exploration (UK) Limited 
 
 
Statements of Profit and Loss 
14 
13
Statements of Financial Position 
15
14
 
Notes to the financial statements
 
17-33
 
16-32 
 
The financial information included in the Base Prospectus has not been prepared in accordance with IFRS as 
endorsed in the EU based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. PGS Exploration (UK) Limited has prepared its 
financial statements under UK Financial Reporting Standard 101 ‘Reduced Disclosure Framework’. This 
framework, while maintaining recognition and measurement criteria that align with IFRS, incorporates specific 
disclosure exemptions. All material accounting policies applied by PGS Exploration (UK) Limited are consistent 
with the accounting policies implemented in the consolidated financial statements of the Group and there would

--- Page 47 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
47
be no differences in the Statements of Profit and Loss or the Statements of Financial Position in the financial 
information had Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 been applied to the historical financial information. 
 
 
PT Petroprima Geo Servis Nusantara (“PGS Indonesia”) 
PGS Indonesia’s financial statements for 2022 and 2021 have been prepared in accordance with the Indonesian 
Financial Accounting Standards.  
 
The company's accounting policies are shown in PGS Indonesia’s Annual Report 2022, note 2 pages 6-16.  
 
The 2021 and 2022 annual reports for PGS Indonesia are attached as Annex 9a and b. Historical financial 
information is available on the pages shown below. 
 
 
PT Petroprima Geo Services Nusantara Annual 
Report 
2022
2021
 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
PT Petroprima Geo Services Nusantara 
 
 
Statements of Profit and Loss 
3 
3
Statements of Financial Position 
1-2
1-2
 
Notes to the financial statements
 
6-28
 
6-30 
 
The financial information included in the Base Prospectus has not been prepared in accordance with IFRS as 
endorsed in the EU based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. PGS Indonesia prepares its financial statements 
using Indonesian Financial Accounting Standards (SAK), which for all material aspects, are in alignment with 
IFRS. Notable differences between SAK and IFRS relate to equity method accounting exemptions, investment 
property and tax amnesty balances, which are not applicable to the financial statements of PGS Indonesia. 
Consequently, all material accounting policies applied by PGS Indonesia are consistent with the accounting 
policies implemented in the consolidated financial statements of the Group and there would be no differences in 
the Statements of Profit and Loss or the Statements of Financial Position in the financial information had 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 been applied to the historical financial information. 
 
 
Multiklient Invest AS 
Multiklient Invest AS’ financial statements for 2022 and 2021 have been prepared in accordance with the 
Norwegian Accounting Act and simplified IFRS.  
 
The company's accounting policies are shown in Multiklient Invest AS Annual Report 2022, note 1 pages 11-15.  
 
The Multiklient Invest AS Annual Report 2022 and Multiklient Invest AS Annual Report 2021 are attached as 
Annex 10a and b. Historical financial information is available on the pages shown below. 
 
 
             Multiklient Invest AS Annual Report 
2022
2021
 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
Multiklient Invest AS 
 
 
Statements of Profit and Loss 
6 
6
Statements of Financial Position 
7-8
7-8
 
Notes to the financial statements
 
11-20
 
11-19 
 
The financial information included in the Base Prospectus has not been prepared in accordance with IFRS as 
endorsed in the EU based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. Multiklient Invest AS has prepared its financial 
statements in accordance with the regulations on simplified application of the International Financial Reporting 
Standards ("Simplified IFRS”) (FOR-2014-11-03-1415), ref. the Norwegian Accounting Act § 3.9 5th paragraph.  
 
The main differences between and “IFRS” and “Simplified IFRS” are: (i) reduced disclosure requirements; (ii) 
simplified measurement of certain assets and liabilities; and (iii) fewer accounting options and exemptions from 
certain complex standards. 
 
The company’s significant accounting principles are consistent with the accounting principles of the Group, with 
the exception of the treatment of dividends and group contributions. In accordance with the Accounting Act, 
dividends are recognized in the reporting period corresponding to the financial year in which they pertain, even if 
the decision to distribute them occurs in the subsequent year as part of the financial statement approval process. 
For the financial years ending on 31 December, 2021 and 2022, group contributions to companies within the

--- Page 48 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
48
group were recognized based on decisions made after year-end. These group contributions are recorded as a 
reduction of shareholders’ equity and a corresponding liability to group companies with the amounts NOK 508.4 
million at 31 December 2021 and NOK 1,121.0 million at 31 December 2022. Under IFRS, these contributions 
would have been recognized in the subsequent years, 2022 and 2023, respectively, and the reported 
shareholders’ equity would have been higher by the same amounts. 
 
 
PGS Shipowner AS 
PGS Shipowner AS’ financial statements for 2022 and 2021 have been prepared in accordance the Norwegian 
Accounting Act and simplified IFRS.  
 
The company's accounting policies are shown in PGS Shipowner AS Annual Report 2022, note 1 page 11-13.  
 
The PGS Shipowner AS Annual Report 2022 and PGS Shipowner AS Annual Report 2021 are attached as Annex 
11a and b. Historical financial information is available on the pages shown below. 
 
 
             PGS Shipowner AS Annual Report 
2022
2021
 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
PGS Shipowner AS 
 
 
Statements of Profit and Loss 
6 
6
Statements of Financial Position 
7-8
7-8
 
Notes to the financial statements
 
11-17
 
11-19 
 
The financial information included in the Base Prospectus has not been prepared in accordance with IFRS as 
endorsed in the EU based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. PGS Shipowner AS has prepared its financial 
statements in accordance with the regulations on simplified application of the International Financial Reporting 
Standards ("Simplified IFRS”) (FOR-2014-11-03-1415), ref. the Norwegian Accounting Act § 3.9 5th paragraph.  
 
The main differences between and “IFRS” and “Simplified IFRS” are: (i) reduced disclosure requirements; (ii) 
simplified measurement of certain assets and liabilities; and (iii) fewer accounting options and exemptions from 
certain complex standards. 
 
The company’s significant accounting principles are consistent with the accounting principles of the Group, with 
the exception of the treatment of dividends and group contributions. In accordance with the Accounting Act, 
dividends are recognized in the reporting period corresponding to the financial year in which they pertain, even if 
the decision to distribute them occurs in the subsequent year as part of the financial statement approval process. 
As of 31 December 2021 and 2022, the company had no receivable or liability relating to any group contributions. 
As a result, there would be no differences in the Statements of Profit and Loss or the Statements of Financial 
Position in the financial information had Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 been applied to the historical financial 
information for 2021 and 2022. 
 
 
PGS Falcon AS 
PGS Falcon AS’ financial statements for 2022 and 2021 have been prepared in accordance the Norwegian 
Accounting Act and simplified IFRS.  
 
The company's accounting policies are shown in PGS Falcon AS Annual Report 2022, note 1 page 11-14.  
 
The PGS Falcon AS Annual Report 2022 and PGS Falcon AS Annual Report 2021 are attached as Annex 12a 
and b. Historical financial information is available on the pages shown below. 
 
 
             PGS Falcon AS Annual Report 
2022
2021
 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
PGS Falcon AS 
 
 
Statements of Profit and Loss 
6 
6
Statements of Financial Position 
7-8
7-8
 
Notes to the financial statements
 
11-19
 
11-20 
 
The financial information included in the Base Prospectus has not been prepared in accordance with IFRS as 
endorsed in the EU based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. PGS Falcon AS has prepared its financial 
statements in accordance with the regulations on simplified application of the International Financial Reporting 
Standards ("Simplified IFRS”) (FOR-2014-11-03-1415), ref. the Norwegian Accounting Act § 3.9 5th paragraph.

--- Page 49 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
49
 
The main differences between and “IFRS” and “Simplified IFRS” are: (i) reduced disclosure requirements; (ii) 
simplified measurement of certain assets and liabilities; and (iii) fewer accounting options and exemptions from 
certain complex standards. 
 
The company’s significant accounting principles are consistent with the accounting principles of the Group, with 
the exception of the treatment of dividends and group contributions. In accordance with the Accounting Act, 
dividends are recognized in the reporting period corresponding to the financial year in which they pertain, even if 
the decision to distribute them occurs in the subsequent year as part of the financial statement approval process. 
As of 31 December 2021 and 2022, the company had no receivable or liability relating to any group contributions. 
As a result, there would be no differences in the Statements of Profit and Loss or the Statements of Financial 
Position in the financial information had Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 been applied to the historical financial 
information for 2021 and 2022. 
 
 
PGS Geophysical AS 
PGS Geophysical AS’ financial statements for 2022 and 2021 have been prepared in accordance the Norwegian 
Accounting Act and simplified IFRS.  
 
The company's accounting policies are shown in PGS Geophysical AS Annual Report 2022, note 1 pages 12-19.  
 
The PGS Geophysical AS Annual Report 2022 and PGS Geophysical AS Annual Report 2021 are attached as 
Annex 13a and b. Historical financial information is available on the pages shown below. 
 
 
             PGS Geophysical AS Annual Report 
2022
2021
 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
PGS Geophysical AS 
 
 
Statements of Profit and Loss 
6 
6
Statements of Financial Position 
7-8
7-8
 
Notes to the financial statements
 
12-26
 
12-26 
 
The financial information included in the Base Prospectus has not been prepared in accordance with IFRS as 
endorsed in the EU based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. PGS Geophysical AS has prepared its financial 
statements in accordance with the regulations on simplified application of the International Financial Reporting 
Standards ("Simplified IFRS”) (FOR-2014-11-03-1415), ref. the Norwegian Accounting Act § 3.9 5th paragraph.  
 
The main differences between and “IFRS” and “Simplified IFRS” are: (i) reduced disclosure requirements; (ii) 
simplified measurement of certain assets and liabilities; and (iii) fewer accounting options and exemptions from 
certain complex standards. 
 
The company’s significant accounting principles are consistent with the accounting principles of the Group, with 
the exception of the treatment of dividends and group contributions. In accordance with the Accounting Act, 
dividends are recognized in the reporting period corresponding to the financial year in which they pertain, even if 
the decision to distribute them occurs in the subsequent year as part of the financial statement approval process. 
For the financial years ending on 31 December, 2021 and 2022, group contributions from companies within the 
group were recognized based on decisions made after year-end. These group contributions are recorded as an 
increase of shareholders’ equity and a corresponding receivable from group companies with the amounts NOK 
362.8 million at 31 December 2021 and NOK 633.5 million at 31 December 2022. Under IFRS, these 
contributions would have been recognized in the subsequent years, 2022 and 2023, respectively, and the 
reported shareholders’ equity would have been lower by the same amounts. 
 
 
Petroleum Geo-Services, Inc. 
Petroleum Geo-Services, Inc. is primarily the management company for the PGS Group in Americas region. 
While the primary focus of operations lies in delivering intercompany management services, the company may 
hold contracts with external customers but historically and for the reporting periods in question this have been 
limited. For the year ended December 31st, 2021 and 2022 respectively, external revenue amounted to $6 million 
and $16million where the company acted as the contracting party for seismic acquisition surveys. All necessary 
input factors/project resources were procured from group companies. As a result, the profit margin and exposure 
Petroleum Geo-Services, Inc remained limited. The company essentially served as an intermediary, contracting 
and facilitating seismic acquisition surveys.  
 
Petroleum Geo-Services, Inc. is not required to file financial statements in the US. As a result, such stand-alone 
financial statements have not been prepared or audited. Summary financial information are provided below:

--- Page 50 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
50
 
 
 
PGS Finance, Inc. 
The entity, incorporated in Delaware 14 November 2005, was established for the sole purpose of being a co-
borrower under certain credit facilities, specifically the US Term Loan B where a US domiciled borrower is a 
requirement. The entity is dormant and has not had any economic activity, nor held any assets except for 
authority to issue 100 shares at a par value of one cent each. 
 
PGS Finance, Inc. is not required to file financial statements in the US. As a result, such stand-alone financial 
statements have not been prepared or audited. Summary financial information:

--- Page 51 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
51
 
 
 
Petroleum Geo-Services Asia Pacific Pte Ltd. (“PGS Singapore”) 
PGS Singapore’s financial statements for 2022 and 2021 have been prepared in accordance with the Singapore 
Financial Reporting Standards.  
 
The company's accounting policies are shown in PGS Singapore Annual Report 2022, note 4 pages 12-22.  
 
The PGS Singapore Annual Report 2022 and PGS Singapore Annual Report 2021 are attached as Annex 14a 
and b. Historical financial information is available on the pages shown below. 
 
 
             Petroleum Geo-Services Asia Pacific Pte 
Ltd.Annual Report 
2022
2021
 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
Petroleum Geo-Services Asia Pacific Pte Ltd. 
 
 
Statements of Profit and Loss 
8 
8
Statements of Financial Position 
7
7
 
Notes to the financial statements
 
11-33
 
11-34 
 
The financial information included in the Base Prospectus has not been prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in the Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. PGS 
Singapore prepares its financial statements using Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (FRS), which are 
consistent with IFRS in all material respects. All material accounting policies applied by PGS Singapore are 
consistent with the accounting policies implemented in the consolidated financial statements of the Group and 
there would be no differences in the Statements of Profit and Loss or the Statements of Financial Position in the 
financial information had Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 been applied to the historical financial information.

--- Page 52 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
52
11.2 Auditing of historical annual financial information 
 
11.2.1 Statement of audited historical financial information 
 
Petroleum Geo-Services AS 
The historical financial information for 2022 and 2021 has been audited. The audit has been conducted in 
accordance with laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practices generally accepted in Norway, including 
International Standards on Auditing (ISAs).  
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the Annual Report Petroleum Geo-Services AS 
2022, pages 89-92 by reference to the Petroleum Geo-Services AS' Annual Report 2022 and the Annual Report 
Petroleum Geo-Services AS 2021, pages 22-25, attached as Annex 1a. The audit report for financial year 2021 
contains an additional section for material uncertainty relating to going concern. The audit opinion is not modified 
in respect of this matter. 
 
The additional disclosure in 2021 was as follows: 
 
‘Material Uncertainty relating to Going Concern 
We draw attention to note 1 of the financial statements, which describes the risk that the Company might not 
generate sufficient liquidity to repay the 2022 loan maturities whilst also meeting the other requirements of the 
main credit agreement. These events or conditions indicate that a material uncertainty exists that may cast 
significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modified in respect of 
this matter.’ 
 
The audit report for 2022 do not contain any qualifications, modifications or other amendments. 
 
PGS ASA 
The historical financial information for 2022 and 2021 has been audited. The audit has been conducted in 
accordance with laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practices generally accepted in Norway, including 
International Standards on Auditing (ISAs).  
 
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the Annual Report PGS ASA Annual Report 
2022, pages 118-123 and the Annual Report PGS ASA 2021, pages 116-120 by reference to the PGS ASA 
Annual Report 2022 and the PGS ASA Annual Report 2021, see Cross Reference List for complete web address.  
The audit report for financial year 2021 contains an additional section for material uncertainty relating to going 
concern. The audit opinion is not modified in respect of this matter. 
 
The additional disclosure in 2021 was as follows: 
 
‘Material Uncertainty relating to Going Concern 
We draw attention to note 3 of the financial statements, which describes the risk that the Company might not 
generate sufficient liquidity to repay the 2022 loan maturities whilst also meeting the other requirements of the 
main credit agreement. These events or conditions, along with other matters as set forth in note 22, indicate that a 
material uncertainty exists that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. 
Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.’ 
 
The audit report for 2022 do not contain any qualifications, modifications or other amendments. 
 
PGS Australia Pty Ltd 
The historical financial information for 2022 and 2021 has been audited. The audit has been conducted in 
accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. There would be no differences in the audit opinions if Directive 
2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 had been applied to the historical financial information for 2021 
and 2022.  
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the PGS Australia Pty Ltd Annual Report 2022, 
pages 37-40 and PGS Australia Pty Ltd Annual Report 2021, pages 37-40, attached as Annex 2a and b. The audit 
report for 2021 contains an additional section for material uncertainty relating to going concern, in relation to the 
company’s reliance on PGS ASA for financial support, and also an emphasis of matter paragraph in relation to 
preparation of the financial statements under reduced disclosure framework for private companies that are not 
publicly accountable. The additional disclosure is as follows:  
 
Material uncertainty related to going concern 
We draw attention to Note 2b in the financial report, which describes the principal conditions that raise doubt about 
the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. These events or conditions indicate that a material uncertainty

--- Page 53 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
53
exists that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not 
modified in respect of this matter. 
 
Emphasis of matter - basis of accounting and restriction on use 
We draw attention to Note 2a to the financial statements, which describes the basis of accounting. The financial 
report has been prepared for the purpose of fulfilling the directors’ financial reporting responsibilities under the 
Corporations Act 2001 and to meet Section 3CA of the Taxation Administration Act 1953. Our report is intended 
solely for the Company and its members and should not be used by parties other than the Company and its 
members. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter. 
 
The audit report for 2022 does not contain any qualifications, modifications or other amendments. 
 
 
PGS Suporte Logistico e Servicos Ltda. -special purpose financial statements 
The audit has been conducted in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs).  
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the PGS Suporte Logistico e Servicos Ltda.  
Special Purpose financial information, Annex 3a page 18-20, and 3b page 18-20. The audit report for the financial 
years 2022 and 2021 contains additional sections regarding emphasis of matter – basis of accounting and 
restriction on distribution and use, and other matters. The audit opinions are not modified in respect of this matter. 
 
The additional disclosures in 2021 was as follows: 
 
‘Emphasis of matter – basis of accounting and restriction on distribution and use 
We draw attention to note 1 to the financial statements, which describes the basis of accounting. The financial 
statements are prepared to assist the Company in complying with the simplified IFRS. As a result, the financial 
statements may not be suitable for another purpose. Our report is intended solely for the Company and to be 
included in the listing prospectus to the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority and should not be distributed 
to or used by other parties. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter. 
 
The additional disclosure in 2022 was as follows: 
 
‘Emphasis of matter – basis of accounting and restriction on distribution and use 
We draw attention to note 1 to the financial statements, which describes the basis of accounting. The financial 
statements are prepared to assist the Company in complying with the simplified IFRS. As a result, the financial 
statements may not be suitable for another purpose. Our report is intended solely for the Company and to be 
included in the listing prospectus to the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority and should not be distributed 
to or used by other parties. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.’ 
 
 
PGS Egypt for Petroleum Services LLC 
The historical financial information for 2022 and 2021 has been audited. The audit has been conducted in 
accordance with Egyptian Standards on Auditing and applicable Egyptian laws. There would be no differences, 
other than described in 11.1, in the audit opinions if Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 had 
been applied to the historical financial information for 2021 and 2022. 
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the PGS Egypt for Petroleum Services Annual 
Report 2022, pages 2-3 and PGS Egypt for Petroleum Services Annual Report 2021, pages 3-4, attached as 
Annex 4a and b. The audit report for 2022 contains an emphasis of matter paragraph in relation to a restatement 
of prior year comparatives. The additional disclosure is as follows:  
 
‘Without qualifying our opinion, we draw attention to note (26) to financial statements, which shows the correction 
of an error in accordance with EAS 5: “Accounting policies, changes in accounting estimates and errors”.’ 
 
The audit report for 2021 did not contain any qualifications, modifications or other amendments. 
 
 
PGS Holding I Ltd 
 
The historical financial information for 2022 and 2021 has been audited. The audit has been conducted in 
accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable law. There would be no 
differences in the audit opinions if Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 had been applied to 
the historical financial information for 2021 and 2022. 
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the PGS Holding I Ltd Annual Report 2022, 
pages 9-11 and PGS Holding I Ltd Annual Report 2021, pages 9-11, attached as Annex 5a and b. The audit 
reports for financial years 2022 and 2021 contain an additional section for material uncertainty relating to going

--- Page 54 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
54
concern, in relation to the company’s reliance on PGS ASA for financial support. The audit opinion is not modified 
in respect of this matter. 
 
The additional disclosure in 2022 is as follows: 
 
‘Material uncertainty relating to going concern 
We draw attention to Note 3 in the financial statements, which indicates that the company is dependent on financial 
support from PGS ASA, the ultimate parent, to allow the company to continue its operations to 30 April 2024.   
A material uncertainty around the availability of support from PGS ASA exists due to: 
 
the liquidity of the Group and potential covenant breaches; should any unexpected operational risks 
materialise, or plausible downside scenarios occur, there may be a need for additional funding to be 
secured or covenant waivers to be received. 
This could result in the in the parent’s inability to provide financial support if required.   
As stated in Note 3, this condition indicates that a material uncertainty exists that may cast a significant doubt on 
the company’s ability to continue as a Going Concern. In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that 
the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is 
appropriate. 
Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter. 
Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described in the 
relevant sections of this report. However, because not all future events or conditions can be predicted, this statement 
is not a guarantee as to the company’s ability to continue as a going concern.’ 
 
The corresponding disclosure in 2021 was as follows: 
 
‘Conclusions relating to going concern 
We draw attention to Note 3 in the financial statements, which indicates that the company is dependent on financial 
support from subsidiaries of PGS ASA, the ultimate parent, to allow the company to continue its operations for the 
going concern period, and it is not certain that this support will be available. As stated in Note 3, this condition states 
that a material uncertainty exists that may cast a significant doubt on the company’s ability to continue as a Going 
Concern.  Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter. 
In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the director's use of the going concern basis of 
accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate. 
Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described in the 
relevant sections of this report. However, because not all future events or conditions can be predicted, this 
statement is not a guarantee as to the company’s/group’s ability to continue as a going concern.’ 
 
 
PGS Holding II Ltd 
The historical financial information for 2022 and 2021 has been audited. The audit has been conducted in 
accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable law. There would be no 
differences in the audit opinions if Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 had been applied to 
the historical financial information for 2021 and 2022. 
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the PGS Holding II Ltd Annual Report 2022, 
pages 9-11 and PGS Holding II Ltd Annual Report 2021, pages 9-11, attached as Annex 6a and b. The audit 
reports for financial years 2022 and 2021 contain an additional section for material uncertainty relating to going 
concern, in relation to the company’s reliance on PGS ASA for financial support. The audit opinion is not modified 
in respect of this matter. 
 
The additional disclosure is as follows: 
 
‘Material uncertainty relating to going concern 
We draw attention to Note 3 in the financial statements, which indicates that the company is dependent on financial 
support from PGS ASA, the ultimate parent, to allow the company to continue its operations to 30 April 2024.   
A material uncertainty around the availability of support from PGS ASA exists due to:

--- Page 55 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
55
 
the liquidity of the Group and potential covenant breaches; should any unexpected operational risks 
materialise, or plausible downside scenarios occur, there may be a need for additional funding to be 
secured or covenant waivers to be received. 
This could result in the in the parent’s inability to provide financial support if required.   
As stated in Note 3, this condition indicates that a material uncertainty exists that may cast a significant doubt on 
the company’s ability to continue as a Going Concern. In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that 
the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is 
appropriate. 
Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter. 
Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described in the 
relevant sections of this report. However, because not all future events or conditions can be predicted, this statement 
is not a guarantee as to the company’s ability to continue as a going concern.’ 
 
The corresponding disclosure in 2021 was as follows: 
 
‘Conclusions relating to going concern 
We draw attention to Note 3 in the financial statements, which indicates that the company is dependent on financial 
support from subsidiaries of PGS ASA, the ultimate parent, to allow the company to continue its operations for the 
going concern period, and it is not certain that this support will be available. As stated in Note 3, this condition states 
that a material uncertainty exists that may cast a significant doubt on the company’s ability to continue as a Going 
Concern.  Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter. 
In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the director's use of the going concern basis of 
accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate. 
Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described in the 
relevant sections of this report. However, because not all future events or conditions can be predicted, this 
statement is not a guarantee as to the company’s/group’s ability to continue as a going concern.’ 
 
 
 
 
Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) Ltd 
The historical financial information for 2022 and 2021 has been audited. The audit has been conducted in 
accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable law. There would be no 
differences in the audit opinions if Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 had been applied to 
the historical financial information for 2021 and 2022. 
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) Ltd Annual 
Report 2022, pages 10-12, and Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) Ltd Annual Report 2021, pages 9-11, attached as 
Annex 7a and b. The audit report for financial year 2022 contains an additional section for material uncertainty 
relating to going concern, in relation to the company’s reliance on PGS ASA for financial support. The audit 
opinion is not modified in respect of this matter. 
 
The additional disclosure in 2022 was as follows: 
 
‘Material Uncertainty relating to Going Concern 
We draw attention to Note 3 in the financial statements, which indicates that the company is dependent on 
financial support from PGS ASA, the ultimate parent, to allow the company to continue its operations to 30 June 
2024.   
 
A material uncertainty around the availability of support from PGS ASA exists due to: 
 
 
the liquidity of the Group and potential covenant breaches; should any unexpected operational risks 
materialise, or plausible downside scenarios occur, there may be a need for additional funding to be 
secured or covenant waivers to be received. 
This could result in the in the parent’s inability to provide financial support if required.   
As stated in Note 3, this condition indicates that a material uncertainty exists that may cast a significant doubt on 
the company’s ability to continue as a Going Concern. In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded

--- Page 56 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
56
that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is 
appropriate. 
 
Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter. 
 
Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described in the 
relevant sections of this report. However, because not all future events or conditions can be predicted, this 
statement is not a guarantee as to the company’s ability to continue as a going concern.’ 
 
The audit report for 2021 did not contain any qualifications, modifications or other amendments. 
 
 
PGS Exploration (UK) Ltd 
The historical financial information for 2022 and 2021 has been audited. The audit has been conducted in 
accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable law. There would be no 
differences in the audit opinions if Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 had been applied to 
the historical financial information for 2021 and 2022. 
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the PGS Exploration (UK) Ltd Annual Report 
2022, pages 11-13 and PGS Exploration (UK) Ltd Annual Report 2021, pages 10-12, attached as Annex 8a and 
b. . The audit report for financial year 2022 contains an additional section for material uncertainty relating to going 
concern, in relation to the company’s reliance on PGS ASA for financial support. The audit opinion is not modified 
in respect of this matter. 
 
The additional disclosure in 2022 was as follows: 
 
‘Material Uncertainty relating to Going Concern 
 
We draw attention to Note 3 in the financial statements, which indicates that the company is dependent on 
financial support from PGS ASA, the ultimate parent, to allow the company to continue its operations to 30 June 
2024.   
 
A material uncertainty around the availability of support from PGS ASA exists due to: 
 
 
the liquidity of the Group and potential covenant breaches; should any unexpected operational risks 
materialise, or plausible downside scenarios occur, there may be a need for additional funding to be 
secured or covenant waivers to be received. 
This could result in the in the parent’s inability to provide financial support if required.   
As stated in Note 3, this condition indicates that a material uncertainty exists that may cast a significant doubt on 
the company’s ability to continue as a Going Concern. In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded 
that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is 
appropriate. 
 
Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter. 
 
Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described in the 
relevant sections of this report. However, because not all future events or conditions can be predicted, this 
statement is not a guarantee as to the company’s ability to continue as a going concern.’ 
 
The audit report for 2021 did not contain any qualifications, modifications or other amendments. 
 
 
 
PT Petroprima Geo Servis Nusantara 
The historical financial information for 2022 and 2021 has been audited. The audit has been conducted in 
accordance with Standards on Auditing established by the Indonesian Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 
There would be no differences in the audit opinions if Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 
had been applied to the historical financial information for 2021 and 2022. 
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the PT Petroprima Geo Servis Nusantara Annual 
Report 2022, pages 30-32 and PT Petroprima Geo Servis Nusantara Annual Report 2021, pages 32-33, attached

--- Page 57 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
57
as Annex 9a and b. The audit reports for 2022 and 2021 do not contain any qualifications, modifications or other 
amendments. 
 
Multiklient Invest AS 
The historical financial information for 2022 and 2021 has been audited. The audit has been conducted in 
accordance with laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practices generally accepted in Norway, including 
International Standards on Auditing (ISAs).  
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the Annual Report Multiklient Invest AS 2022, 
pages 21-23 and the Annual Report Multiklient Invest AS 2021, pages 21-23, attached as Annex 10a and b. The 
audit reports for 2022 and 2021 do not contain any qualifications, modifications or other amendments. 
 
PGS Shipowner AS 
The historical financial information for 2022 and 2021 has been audited. The audit has been conducted in 
accordance with laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practices generally accepted in Norway, including 
International Standards on Auditing (ISAs).  
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the Annual Report PGS Shipowner AS 2022, 
pages 18-20 and the Annual Report PGS Shipowner AS 2021, pages 20-22, attached as Annex 11a and b. The 
audit reports for 2022 and 2021 do not contain any qualifications, modifications or other amendments. 
 
PGS Falcon AS 
The historical financial information for 2022 and 2021 has been audited. The audit has been conducted in 
accordance with laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practices generally accepted in Norway, including 
International Standards on Auditing (ISAs).  
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the Annual Report PGS Falcon AS 2022, pages 
20-22, and the Annual Report PGS Falcon AS 2021, pages 21-24, attached as Annex 12a and b. The audit report 
for financial year 2021 contains an additional section for material uncertainty relating to going concern, in relation 
to the company’s reliance on PGS ASA for financial support. The audit opinion is not modified in respect of this 
matter. 
 
The additional disclosure in 2021 was as follows: 
 
‘Material Uncertainty relating to Going Concern 
We draw attention to note 1 of the financial statements, which describes the risk that the Company might not 
generate sufficient liquidity to repay the 2022 loan maturities whilst also meeting the other requirements of the 
main credit agreement. These events or conditions indicate that a material uncertainty exists that may cast 
significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modified in respect of 
this matter.’ 
 
The audit report for 2022 do not contain any qualifications, modifications or other amendments. 
 
PGS Geophysical AS 
The historical financial information for 2022 and 2021 has been audited. The audit has been conducted in 
accordance with laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practices generally accepted in Norway, including 
International Standards on Auditing (ISAs).  
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the Annual Report PGS Geophysical AS 2022, 
pages 27-29, and the Annual Report PGS Geophysical AS 2021, pages 27-29, attached as Annex 13a and b. The 
audit reports for 2022 and 2021 do not contain any qualifications, modifications or other amendments. 
 
 
Petroleum Geo-Services Asia Pacific Pte Ltd. 
The historical financial information for 2022 and 2021 has been audited. The audit has been conducted in 
accordance with Singapore Standards on Auditing (“SSAs”). There would be no differences in the audit opinions if 
Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 had been applied to the historical financial information for 
2021 and 2022. 
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the Petroleum Geo-Services Asia Pacific Pte Ltd. 
Annual Report 2022, pages 4-6 and Petroleum Geo-Services Asia Pacific Pte Ltd. Annual Report 2021, pages 4-
6, attached as Annex 14a and b. The audit reports for 2022 and 2021 do not contain any qualifications, 
modifications or other amendments.

--- Page 58 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
58
11.2.2 Other audited information 
No other information in this Base Prospectus has been audited. 
 
 
 
11.3 Age of latest financial information 
 
11.3.1 Last year of audited financial information 
The last year of audited financial information is as follow: 
 
Company
Year
Petroleum Geo-Services AS 
2022 
PGS ASA 
2022 
PGS Australia Pty Ltd 
2022 
PGS Suporte Logistico e Servicos Ltda. special 
purpose financial statements 
2022 
PGS Egypt for Petroleum Services LLC 
2022 
PGS Holding I Ltd 
2022 
PGS Holding II Ltd 
2022 
Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) Ltd 
2022 
PGS Exploration (UK) Ltd 
2022 
PT Petroprima Geo Services Nusantara 
2022 
Multiklient Invest AS 
2022 
PGS Shipowner AS 
2022 
PGS Falcon AS 
2022 
PGS Geophysical AS 
2022 
Petroleum Geo-Services, Inc. 
N/A 
PGS Finance, Inc. 
N/A 
Petroleum Geo-Services Asia Pacific Pte Ltd. 
2022 
 
 
 
11.4 Legal and arbitration proceedings 
PGS has following a change of control event been in a dispute with clients relating to a change of control event 
where the clients have disputed the transfer fees. PGS has initiated two separate arbitration proceedings under 
the dispute resolution provisions of the relevant agreements. In October 2023, the tribunal in the first arbitration 
issued a decision in PGS’ favor, including late payment interest and reasonable legal costs. The amount due to 
PGS, net of any revenue share to third parties, is estimated to be approximately $43 million and is expected to be 
received late Q4 2023 or early Q1 2024. The second arbitration proceeding is expected to be concluded during 
the second half of 2024, unless settled earlier. 
 
Otherwise, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the issuer or the guarantors are aware), during a period covering at least the 
previous 12 months which may have or have had in the recent past significant effects on the issuer and/or group’s 
financial position or profitability. 
 
 
 
11.5 Significant change in the Company’s or the Guarantors’ 
financial position 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Group which has occurred since the end of 
the last financial period for which either audited financial information or interim financial information have been 
published.

--- Page 59 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
59
12 Documents available  
 
The following documents (or copies thereof) may be inspected for the life of the Base Prospectus at the 
headquarters of the Company, Lilleakerveien 4C, N-0283 Oslo, Norway, or at https://www.pgs.com: 
 
(a) the up-to-date memorandum and articles of association of the Company and the Guarantors; 
 
(b) all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the Company's 
or the Guarantors’ request, any part of which is included or referred to in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 60 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
60
13 Financial instruments that can be issued under the Base 
Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus, as approved in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129, allows for 
Bonds to be offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or operating within any 
EEA country.  
 
This chapter describes the form, type, definitions, general terms and conditions, return and redemption 
mechanisms, rating and template for Final Terms associated with the Bonds. 
 
Risk factors related to the Bonds are described in Chapter 1 Risk Factors. 
 
13.1 Securities Form 
A Bond is a financial instrument as defined in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (Verdipapirhandelloven)  
§ 2-2.  
 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository.  
13.2 Security Type 
Borrowing limit – tap issue 
The Loan may be either open or closed for increase of the Borrowing Amount during the tenor. A tap issue can 
take place until five banking days before the Maturity Date. If the issue is open, the First Tranche and Borrowing 
Limit will be specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
 
Return 
Fixed Rate (FIX) 
A Bond issue with a fixed Interest Rate will bear interest at a fixed rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The Interest Rate will be payable annually or semi-annually on the Interest Payment Dates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate (FRN) 
A Bond issue with a floating Interest Rate will bear interest equal to a Reference Rate plus a fixed Margin for a 
specified period (3, 6 or 12 months). Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero. The period 
lengths are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period is determined two Business Days 
prior to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus the Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate will be payable quarterly, semi-annually or annually on the Interest Payment Dates as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Redemption 
The Loan will mature in full at the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the nominal amount.  
 
The Issuer may have the option to prematurely redeem the Loan in full at terms specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
The Bondholders may have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that 
Bondholder at terms specified in the applicable Final terms. 
 
Security 
The Bonds may be either secured or unsecured. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Negative pledge 
The Bonds may have negative pledge clause. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 61 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
61
 
13.3 Definitions 
This section includes a summary of the definitions set out in any Bond Terms as well as certain other definitions 
relevant for this Prospectus. The Bond Trustee may amend the definitions in the Bond Terms for any new issue of 
bonds during the tenor of this Base Prospectus. This may cause the definitions in this Base Prospectus to be 
incorrect and no longer valid for such new issues of bonds. If the definitions in this Base Prospectus at any point 
in time no longer represents the correct understanding of the definitions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond 
Terms shall prevail. The Bond Terms are attached to the Final Terms. 
 
Additional Bonds: 
Means the debt instruments issued under a Tap Issue, including any Temporary Bonds. 
 
 
Attachment: 
Means any schedule, appendix or other attachment to the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Base Prospectus: 
This document. Describes the Issuer and predefined features of Bonds that can be listed under 
the Base prospectus, as specified in the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Valid for 12 
months after it has been published. In this period, a prospectus may be constituted by the 
Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms for each new 
issue. 
 
 
Bond Issue/Bonds/ 
Notes/the Loan: 
Means (i) the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Bond Terms, including any 
Additional Bonds, and (ii) any overdue and unpaid principal which has been issued under a 
separate ISIN in accordance with the regulations of the CSD from time to time. 
 
 
Bond Obligations: 
Means all present and future liabilities and obligations at any time due, owing or incurred by 
any Group Company to any Bond Party under the Finance Documents, both actual and 
contingent. 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
The terms and conditions, including all Attachments which form an integrated part of the Bond 
Terms, in each case as amended and/or supplemented from time to time. 
 
 
Bondholder: 
A person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of a 
Bond, subject however to the Bondholders’ rights in the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Bondholders’ 
decisions: 
The Bondholders’ Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in 
all matters relating to the Bonds and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and 
conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and 
any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes. 
 
At the Bondholders’ meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each voting bond owned 
at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders’ meeting in the records 
registered in the Securities Depository.  
 
In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the voting bonds must be represented at the 
Bondholders' meeting (with no quorum requirements for repeat meetings where the quorum 
initially was not obtained). However, for the supra majority matters at least 80% representation 
is required (with 65% quorum requirements for repeat meetings where the quorum initially was 
not obtained). See also the clause for repeated Bondholders’ meeting in the Bond Terms.  
 
Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the votes at the Bondholders' Meeting, 
however, a majority of at least 2/3 of the voting bonds represented at the Bondholders’ Meeting 
is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of the Bond Terms, save for the supra 
majority matters where at least 90% of the voting bonds represented at the Bondholders’ Meeting 
is required to pass such resolutions. 
 
(For more details, see also the clause for Bondholders’ decisions in the Bond Terms) 
 
 
Bondholders rights: 
Bondholders' rights are specified in the Bond Terms.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the 
Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Bond Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, or its successor(s) Website: 
https://nordictrustee.com

--- Page 62 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
62
The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the 
Bondholders in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, 
including enforcement of the Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other 
insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or others. 
 
The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the finance documents. 
The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or 
any other obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in the Bond Terms, or to take any steps 
to ascertain whether any event of default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is entitled to take 
such steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights 
of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the finance documents. 
 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap 
Issue and Borrowing 
Amount/First Tranche 
Borrowing Limit is the maximum issue amount for an open Bond issue.  
 
Borrowing Amount/First Tranche is the borrowing amount for a closed Bond Issue, eventually 
the borrowing amount for the first tranche of an open Bond Issue. 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue and Borrowing Amount/First Tranche will be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Business Day: 
Means a day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system is open, and the relevant 
settlement system for the Bond Currency is open. 
 
 
Business Day 
Convention: 
If the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the 
Interest Payment Date will be as follow: 
 
If Fixed Rate, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day (Following Business Day convention). 
 
If FRN, the Interest Period will be extended to include the first following Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the Interest Period will be shortened to 
the first preceding Business Day (Modified Following Business Day convention). 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
The Bond Trustee, if not otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
Call Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer is entitled to redeem (all or some of) the 
Outstanding Bonds prior to the Maturity Date. 
 
In such case the Call Date(s), the Call Price(s) and the Call Notice Period will be specified in 
the Final Terms. 
 
 
Change of Control 
Event: 
Means that any person or group of persons acting in concert owns or controls (directly or 
indirectly) more than 50.00 per cent. of the shares or the voting rights in the Ultimate Parent. 
 
 
Currency: 
The currency in which the bond issue is denominated. 
 
Currency will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Day Count Convention:
The convention for calculation of payment of interest 
a) If Fixed Rate, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of 
twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number 
of days elapsed (30/360-days basis), unless: 
(i) the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st calendar day but the first day of 
that Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30–day month; 
or 
(ii) the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last calendar day in February, in 
which case February shall not be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
(b) If FRN, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-
days basis). 
 
 
Decisive Influence: 
Means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or 
interests in another person (directly or indirectly):

--- Page 63 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
63
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or 
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other 
person. 
 
 
Delisting Event: 
Means an event whereby the shares in the Ultimate Parent cease to be listed on the Oslo 
Stock Exchange. 
 
 
Denomination – Each 
Bond: 
The nominal amount of each Bond. 
 
Denomination of each bond will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Disbursement Date / 
Issue Date 
Date of bond issue.  
 
On the Issue Date the bonds will be delivered to the Bondholder’s VPS-account against 
payment or to the Bondholder’s custodian bank if the Bondholder does not have his/her own 
VPS-account. 
 
The Issue Date will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Early redemption 
option due to a tax 
event: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer is entitled to redeem all (but not only some) of the 
Outstanding Bonds prior to the Maturity Date due to a tax event. 
 
In such case the terms of the early redemption option will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Event of Default 
Means any of the events or circumstances specified in the Bond Terms (Events of Default). 
 
 
Exchange: 
Means: 
(a) Oslo Børs (the Oslo Stock Exchange); or 
(b) any regulated market as such term is understood in accordance with the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II) and Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 on 
markets in financial instruments (MiFIR).  
 
 
Final Terms: 
Document describing securities as specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
prepared as part of the Prospectus. Final Terms will be prepared for each new security as 
specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, issued by the Issuer. 
 
 
Guarantee: 
Means the joint and several unconditional and irrevocable Norwegian law guarantee and 
indemnity (Norwegian: “selvskyldnerkausjon”) issued by each Guarantor in respect of the Bond 
Obligations, and which shall constitute senior obligations of each Guarantor. 
 
 
Guarantor: 
Means the Original Guarantors and any Group Company which subsequently becomes a 
Material Group Company, provided that PGS Titans AS shall only be required to become a 
Guarantor after the Existing ECF Financing is no longer outstanding. 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
In the case of NIBOR: Means, in relation to any period for which Interest Rate is to be 
determined, 2 Quotation Business Days before the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
 
Interest Determination Date(s) for other Reference Rates, see Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on the last day of each Interest Period.  
 
Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention. 
 
The Interest Payment Date(s) will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Period: 
The first Interest Period runs from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and including an Interest 
Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment 
Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; 
 
(i) 
If Fixed Rate, the Bonds shall bear interest at the percentage rate per annum (based 
on the Day Count Convention)

--- Page 64 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
64
(ii) If FRN, the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate 
plus a Margin (based on the Day Count Convention). Interest Rate or Reference Rate 
may be deemed to be zero. 
 
The Interest Rate is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Rate 
Adjustment Date: 
Date(s) for adjusting of the interest rate for bond issue with floating interest rate. 
 
The Interest Rate Adjustment Date will coincide with the Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
ISIN: 
International Securities Identification Number for the Bond Issue. ISIN is specified in Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Issuer: 
Petroleum Geo-Services AS is the Issuer under the Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Issuer’s Bonds: 
Means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
The price in percentage of the Denomination, to be paid by the Bondholders at the Issue Date. 
 
Issue price will be specified in Final Terms.  
 
 
Joint Lead Manager: 
The bond issue’s joint lead manager(s), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
LEI-code: 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI), is a 20-character reference code to uniquely identify legally distinct 
entities that engage in financial transactions. 
 
LEI-code is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Listing: 
Listing of a bond issue on an Exchange is due to the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to 
the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms. 
 
An application for listing will be sent after the Disbursement Date and as soon as possible after 
the Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA. 
 
Bonds listed on an Exchange are freely negotiable. See also Market Making. 
 
 
Mandatory repurchase 
due to a Material Asset 
Sale: 
The Final Terms may specify that upon the occurrence of a material asset sale, each 
Bondholder will have the right to require that the Issuer purchases the Bonds held by that 
Bondholder. 
 
In such case the exercise procedures, the repayment date and redemption price will be 
specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Market Making: 
For Bonds listed on an Exchange, a market-maker agreement between the Issuer and a Joint 
Lead Manager may be entered into.  
 
This will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Margin: 
The margin, specified in percentage points, to be added to the Reference rate. 
 
Margin will be specified in the Final terms.  
 
 
Material Group 
Company: 
Means the Issuer, each Original Guarantor, PGS Titan AS and any Subsidiary of the Ultimate 
Parent which has subsequently been designated as a Material Group Company by the Issuer 
pursuant to the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Maturity Date: 
The date the bond issue is due for payment, if not already redeemed pursuant to Call Option, 
Put Option, Early redemption option due to a tax event or Mandatory repurchase due to a 
Material Asset Sale. The Maturity Date coincides with the last Interest Payment Date and is 
adjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention.  
 
The Maturity Date is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Obligors: 
Means the Issuer and each Guarantor.

--- Page 65 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
65
Original Guarantor: 
Means each of: PGS ASA, PGS Australia Pty Ltd, PGS Suporte Logistico e Servicos Ltda., 
PGS Egypt for Petroleum Services, PGS Holding I Ltd, PGS Holding II Ltd, Petroleum Geo-
Services (UK) Ltd, PGS Exploration (UK) Ltd, PT Petroprima Geo Services Nusantara, 
Multiklient Invest AS, PGS Shipowner AS, PGS Falcon AS, PGS Geophysical AS, Petroleum 
Geo-Services, Inc., PGS Finance, Inc., Petroleum Geo-Services Asia Pacific Pte Ltd. 
 
 
Outstanding Bonds: 
Means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. 
 
The Issuer will issue on the Issue date the first tranche of the bond issue as specified in Final 
Terms. During the term of the bond issue, new tranches may be issued up to the Borrowing 
Limit, as specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Paying Agent: 
The entity designated by the Issuer to manage (maintain the Issuer Account for) the bond 
issue in the Securities Depository. 
 
The Paying Agent is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Prospectus: 
The Prospectus consists of the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus 
and the relevant Final Terms prepared in connection with application for listing on an 
Exchange.  
 
 
Put Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each 
Bondholder will have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds 
held by that Bondholder. 
 
In such case the exercise procedures, the repayment date and redemption price will be 
specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Put Option Event: 
Means a Change of Control Event or a Delisting Event. 
 
 
Redemption: 
The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the 
Issuer on the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, if not 
already redeemed pursuant to Call Option, Put Option, Early redemption option due to a tax 
event or Mandatory repurchase due to a Material Asset Sale.  
 
 
Redemption Price: 
The price determined as a percentage of the Denomination to which the bond issue is to be 
redeemed at the Maturity Date.  
 
Redemption Price is 100 per cent of Denomination – Each Bond. 
 
 
Reference Rate:  
For FRN, the Reference Rate shall be NIBOR or any other rate as specified in the Final Terms, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the specified time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. 
 
The Reference Rate, the Relevant Screen Page, the specified time, information about the past 
and future performance and volatility of the Reference Rate and any fallback provisions will be 
specified in Final Terms.  
 
 
Relevant Screen Page:
For FRN, an internet address or an electronic information platform belonging to a renowned 
provider of Reference Rates. 
 
The Relevant Screen Page will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Securities Depository 
/CSD: 
The securities depository in which the bonds are registered, in accordance with the Norwegian 
Act of 2019 no. 6 regarding Securities depository. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the following Securities Depository will be used: 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository (“Verdipapirsentralen” or ”VPS”), P.O. Box 4, 0051 
Oslo. 
 
 
Tap Issues: 
The Issuer may, provided that the conditions set out in the Bond Terms are met, at one or 
more occasions up until, but excluding, the Maturity Date or any earlier date when the Bonds 
have been redeemed in full, issue Additional Bonds until the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Bonds outstanding equals in aggregate the maximum issue amount (less the aggregate 
nominal amount of any previously redeemed Bonds)

--- Page 66 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
66
If N/A is specified in the Borrowing Limit in the Final Terms, the Issuer may not make Tap 
issues under the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Temporary Bonds: 
If the Bonds are listed on an Exchange and there is a requirement for a new prospectus in 
order for the Additional Bonds to be listed together with the Bonds, the Additional Bonds may 
be issued under a separate ISIN (such Bonds referred to as the “Temporary Bonds”). Upon the 
approval of the prospectus, the Issuer shall (i) notify the Bond Trustee, the Exchange and the 
Paying Agent and (ii) ensure that the Temporary Bonds are converted into the ISIN for the 
Bonds. 
 
 
Ultimate Parent: 
Means PGS ASA, a public limited company incorporated in the Kingdom 
of Norway with company registration no. 916 235 291 
 
 
Yield: 
Dependent on the Market Price for bond issue with floating rate. Yield for the first interest 
period can be determined when the interest is known, normally two Business Days before the 
Issue Date. 
  
For bond issue with fixed rate, yield is dependent on the market price and number of Interest 
Payment Date. 
 
The yield is calculated in accordance with «Anbefaling til Konvensjoner for det norske 
sertifikat- og obligasjonsmarkedet» prepared by Forening for finansfag in March 2022: 
https://finansfag.no/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/Rentekonvensjon_oppdatert2022.pdf 
 
Yield is specified in Final Terms. 
 
13.4 General terms and conditions 
These general terms and conditions summarize and describe the general terms and conditions set out in any 
Bond Terms. The Bond Trustee may amend the general terms and conditions in the Bond Terms for any new 
issue of bonds during the tenor of this Base Prospectus. This may cause the general terms and conditions in this 
Base Prospectus to be incorrect and no longer valid for such new issues of bonds. If the general terms and 
conditions in this Base Prospectus at any point in time no longer represents the correct understanding of the 
general terms and conditions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. The Bond Terms are 
attached to the Final Terms.  
 
13.4.1 Use of proceeds 
Use of proceeds will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
13.4.2 Publication 
The Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms will be published on 
Issuer’s website https://www.pgs.com, or on the Issuer's visit address, Lilleakerveien 4C, N-0283 Oslo, Norway, 
or their successor (s). 
 
The Prospectus will be published by a stock exchange announcement. 
 
13.4.3 Redemption 
Matured interest and matured principal will be credited each Bondholder directly from the Securities Registry. 
Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation 
Period Claims of 18 May 1979 no 18, p.t. 3 years for interest rates and 10 years for principal. 
 
13.4.4 Fees, Expenses and Tax legislation 
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have an impact 
on the income received from the securities. 
 
The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the loan. Any public fees or taxes on 
sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or 
regulation. The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.

--- Page 67 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
67
 
13.4.5 Security Depository and secondary trading 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository, see also the definition 
of "Securities Depository". Securities Depository is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Secondary trading will be made over an Exchange for Bonds listed on a marketplace. See also definition of 
“Market Making”. 
 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including templates for Final Terms is NOK 134,000. In addition, there is 
a listing fee for listing of the Bonds in accordance with the current price list of the Exchange. The listing fees will 
be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
13.4.6 Status of the Bonds and Security 
The Bonds will constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds will rank pari passu between 
themselves.  
 
Further information about status of the bonds and security will be specified in the Final Terms. 
  
13.4.7 Bond Terms 
The Bond Terms has been entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. The Bond Terms regulates the 
Bondholders’ rights and obligations in relations with the bond issue. The Bond Trustee enters into the Bond 
Terms on behalf of the Bondholders and is granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent 
provided for in the Bond Terms. 
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by 
the Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to 
be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or any other party. 
 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms for each Bond issue and is also available through the Joint 
Lead Manager(s), the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. 
 
13.4.8 Legislation 
The Bond Terms is governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law.  
 
The Issuer and the Guarantors are subject to the following legislation: 
 
Legal name
Legislation
Most relevant laws 
Petroleum Geo-Services AS 
Norwegian 
Private Limited Liability Companies Act 
PGS ASA 
Norwegian 
Public Limited Liability Companies Act 
PGS Australia Pty Ltd 
 Australian 
 Corporations Act 2001 
PGS Suporte Logistico e Servicos Ltda. 
 Brazilian 
 Law No. 10.406 of the Civil Code of Brazil 
PGS Egypt for Petroleum Services 
 Egyptian 
 Law No. 8 of 1997 
PGS Holding I Ltd 
 England and 
Wales 
 Companies Act 2006 
PGS Holding II Ltd 
 England and 
Wales 
 Companies Act 2006 
Petroleum Geo-Services (UK) Ltd 
 England and 
Wales 
 Companies Act 1985, Companies Act 
2006 
PGS Exploration (UK) Ltd 
 England and 
Wales 
 Companies Act 1985, Companies Act 
2006 
PT Petroprima Geo Services Nusantara 
 Indonesian 
 Law No. 25/2007 regarding Investment, 
Law No. 40/2007 regarding Limited Liability 
Companies 
Multiklient Invest AS 
Norwegian 
Private Limited Liability Companies Act 
PGS Shipowner AS 
Norwegian 
Private Limited Liability Companies Act 
PGS Falcon AS 
Norwegian 
Private Limited Liability Companies Act 
PGS Geophysical AS 
Norwegian 
Private Limited Liability Companies Act 
Petroleum Geo-Services, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 The General Corporate Law of the State of 
Delaware

--- Page 68 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
68
PGS Finance, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 The General Corporate Law of the State of 
Delaware 
Petroleum Geo-Services Asia Pacific Pte Ltd. 
 Singaporean 
 The Companies Act 
 
13.4.9 Approvals 
The Bonds were issued in accordance with the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval. 
 
The date of the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Base Prospectus has been submitted to the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) 
before listing of the Bonds takes place. 
 
Final Terms will be submitted to Finanstilsynet for information purposes in connection with an application for 
listing of a Bond Issue. 
 
The Base prospectus will not be the basis for offers for subscription in bonds that are not subject to a prospectus 
obligation. 
 
13.4.10 Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of the securities will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
13.5 Return and redemption 
Bonds may have return and redemption mechanisms as explained below. The relevant Final Terms refer to these 
mechanisms and provide relevant parameter values for the specific bond issue. 
13.5.1 Bonds with floating rate 
13.5.1.a Return (interest) 
The Interest Rate is specified in Interest Rate ii). Payment of the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (b). 
 
Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero.  
 
The period lengths are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period are determined two 
Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus 
the Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and 
including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run 
from and including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest 
Payment Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/360, modified following. 
 
13.5.1.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
 
13.5.2 Bonds with fixed rate 
13.5.2.a Return (interest) 
The interest rate is specified in Interest Rate (i). Payment of the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (a).  
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and 
including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run

--- Page 69 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
69
from and including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest 
Payment Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The Interest Rate and the Interest Payment Dates will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/365 for bond issue with fixed rate.  
 
13.5.2.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
 
13.6 Rating 
The following credit ratings have been assigned to PGS ASA: 
 
Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (Moody’s): B2 stable, Review for Upgrade 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P): B-, CreditWatch positive  
 
The following credit ratings have been assigned to the securities: 
 
Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (Moody’s):: B2, Review for Upgrade 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P): B, CreditWatch positive 
 
13.7 Final Terms 
Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating bond issue, see Appendix 15.

--- Page 70 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
70
Cross reference list 
Reference in 
Base 
Prospectus
Refers to 
Details 
11.1 Financial 
statements 
PGS ASA Annual Report 2022, 
available at 
https://www.pgs.com/company/inv
estor-relations/reports-and-
results/annual-reports/ 
PGS ASA’s consolidated accounting policies, note 2, 
pages 70-75 
 
PGS ASA’s accounting policies, note 1, page 113 
 
 
PGS ASA Annual Report 2022, 
available at 
https://www.pgs.com/company/inv
estor-relations/reports-and-
results/annual-reports/ 
PGS ASA Consolidated 
Consolidated Statements of Profit and Loss page 66 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position page 68 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements pages 70-
108 
 
PGS ASA 
Statements of Profit and Loss page 110 
Statements of Financial Position page 111 
Notes to the financial statements pages 113-117 
 
 
PGS ASA Annual Report 2021, 
available at 
https://www.pgs.com/company/inv
estor-relations/reports-and-
results/annual-reports/ 
PGS ASA Consolidated 
Consolidated Statements of Profit and Loss page 62 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position page 64 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements pages 66-
105 
 
PGS ASA 
Statements of Profit and Loss page 107 
Statements of Financial Position page 108 
Notes to the financial statements pages 110-115 
 
 
Petroleum Geo-Services AS
Annual Report 2022 
available at 
https://www.pgs.com/company/inv
estor-relations/debt-financing/ 
Petroleum Geo-Services AS Consolidated 
Consolidated Statements of Profit and Loss page 12 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position page 14 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements pages 16-
72 
 
Petroleum Geo-Services AS 
Statements of Profit and Loss page 74 
Statements of Financial Position page 75-76 
Notes to the financial statements pages 79-92 
 
11.2 Auditing of 
historical 
annual financial 
information 
PGS ASA Annual Report 2022, 
available at 
https://www.pgs.com/company/inv
estor-relations/reports-and-
results/annual-reports/ 
Auditors report pages 118-122 
 
 
 
 
 
PGS ASA Annual Report 2021, 
available at 
https://www.pgs.com/company/inv
estor-relations/reports-and-
results/annual-reports/ 
Auditors report pages 116-120 
 
 
 
 
 
Petroleum Geo-Services AS 
Annual Report 2022 
available at 
https://www.pgs.com/company/inv
estor-relations/debt-financing/ 
Auditors report pages 89-92 
 
 
References to the documents mentioned above are limited to information given in “Details”, e.g. that the non- 
incorporated parts are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the prospectus.]

--- Page 71 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
71
Joint Lead Managers' disclaimer 
 
DNB Bank ASA and Pareto Securities AS, the Joint Lead Managers, have assisted the Company in preparing the 
Base Prospectus. The Joint Lead Managers have not verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and the Joint Lead Managers expressly 
disclaim any legal or financial liability as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the issuance or distribution of bonds by Petroleum 
Geo-Services AS.  
 
This Base Prospectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Lead Managers, available at their 
respective websites. Confidentiality rules and internal rules restricting the exchange of information between different 
parts of the Joint Lead Managers may prevent employees of the Joint Lead Managers who are preparing this Base 
Prospectus from utilizing or being aware of information available to the Joint Lead Managers and/or any of their 
affiliated companies and which may be relevant to the recipient's decisions. 
 
Each person receiving this Base Prospectus acknowledges that such person has not relied on the Joint Lead 
Managers, nor on any person affiliated with it in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information 
or its investment decision. 
 
Oslo, 19 December 2023 
 
 
DNB Bank ASA 
(www.dnb.no) 
Pareto Securities AS 
www.paretosec.com

--- Page 72 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
72
Annex 1a-14b Financial Information

--- Page 73 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
73
Annex 15 Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating 
rate Bonds

--- Page 74 ---
Petroleum Geo-Services AS, 19 December 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
74
Annex 16 Organizational Structure chart