--- Page 1 ---
10097013732-v53 
 
IT-New 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
 
 
Pirelli & C. S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability as a Società per Azioni in the Republic of Italy) 
as Issuer 
€2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
guaranteed on the basis set out below by 
 
Pirelli Tyre S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability as a Società per Azioni in the Republic of Italy) 
Under this €2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), Pirelli & C. S.p.A. (“Pirelli”) (the “Issuer”) may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below).  
Notes issued by Pirelli will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed (subject as described below) by Pirelli Tyre S.p.A. ("Pirelli Tyre") if so specified as a Guarantor in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement (in such capacity, the “Guarantor”). If no Guarantor is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, Notes issued by Pirelli will not have the benefit of a guarantee (subject to Condition 2.3 (Release and Appointment of Guarantor)). In each case, under certain circumstances, the Guarantor may be 
released from its obligation to guarantee the Notes and/or a new Guarantor may provide a guarantee of the Notes, as described in Condition 2.3 (Release and Appointment of Guarantor) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes. References herein to “Guaranteed Notes” are to Notes which are for the time being guaranteed by Pirelli Tyre as set out above. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the 
Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer 
(each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of 
Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the Issuer and the Guarantor to fulfil their respective obligations under 
the Notes are discussed under “Risk Factors” below. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”), which is the Luxembourg competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
“EU Prospectus Regulation”), as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the EU Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of Notes issued under the Programme 
described in this Base Prospectus during the period of twelve months after the date hereof. The CSSF has only approved the Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the Guarantor nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are 
the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the 
transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of either the Issuer or the Guarantor. This Base Prospectus (as supplemented from time to time) is valid to 13 May 2023. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall have no obligation to supplement this base prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period. Applications have been made for such Notes to be admitted 
during the period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the official list and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments.  
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) and/or 
offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to “Exempt Notes” 
are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection 
with Exempt Notes. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will (other than in the case of Exempt Notes, as defined above) be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which will be filed with the CSSF. This Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche 
will be set out in a pricing supplement document (the “Pricing Supplement”). 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer. 
The Issuer has been rated “BBB-” by each of Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (together with its affiliates and branches established in the European Union, “Fitch”) and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (together 
with its affiliates and branches established in the European Union, “S&P”).  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Fitch and S&P are established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, on credit rating agencies (the “EU CRA Regulation”). Each of Fitch and S&P appears on the latest update of the list 
of registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu. The rating Fitch has given to the Issuer is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, which is established in the United Kingdom (the 
“UK”) and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”). 
The rating S&P has given to the Issuer is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
Arrangers 
BNP PARIBAS                           BofA Securities   
Dealers 
ABC International  
Banca Akros S.p.A. – Gruppo Banco BPM   
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Barclays 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
ICBC Europe S.A. 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo  
ING  
Mediobanca  
Mizuho Securities  
MUFG 
NATIXIS  
UniCredit 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 13 May 2022.

--- Page 2 ---
10097013732-v53 
- i - 
IT-New 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes issued 
under the Programme for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer and the Guarantor jointly and severally accept responsibility for the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus and the Issuer and the Guarantor (if any) accept responsibility for the information 
contained in the applicable Final Terms, or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not 
omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
by reference herein (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus and, in 
relation to any Tranche of Notes, must be read and construed together with the applicable Final Terms, or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other 
than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to “Exempt Notes” are to Notes for which no prospectus 
is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation.  
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) nor the Trustee nor 
the Agents have independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies), the Agents or the Trustee as to 
the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any 
other information provided by the Issuer or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme or any issue 
of Notes. None of the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) or the 
Trustee or the Agents accept any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer or the Guarantor in 
connection with the Programme or any issue of Notes. 
Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked Bonds 
None of the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies), the Issuer nor the 
Guarantor, accepts any responsibility for any sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as 
Sustainability-Linked Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will 
meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding assets with sustainability characteristics. None 
of the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) is responsible for 
monitoring, or reporting on, the satisfaction of the Sustainable Finance Target(s) (as defined herein). 
Sustainalytics has issued an independent opinion, dated 11 May 2022, on the Issuer’s Sustainability Linked 
Financing Framework (the “Second Party Opinion”). The Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on 
certain environmental and related considerations and is not intended to address any credit, market or other 
aspects of an investment in any Notes, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor 
preference or suitability of any security. The Second Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a statement 
of fact. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
(including parent companies), the Issuer nor the Guarantor, as to the suitability or reliability of the Second 
Party Opinion or any other opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an 
issue of Notes issued as Sustainability Linked Bonds. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers 
of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, 
a recommendation by the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies), the 
Issuer nor the Guarantor, or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes and is current only as of the

--- Page 3 ---
10097013732-v53 
- ii - 
IT-New 
 
date it is issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein. The Second Party Opinion and any other such 
opinion or certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, if such Second Party Opinion is available, however, as there is currently no clearly-defined 
definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes a “sustainable” 
or “sustainability-linked” or equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a 
particular project to be defined as “sustainable” or “sustainability-linked” (and, in addition, the 
requirements of any such label may evolve from time to time), no assurance is or can be given to investors 
by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any other member of the Pirelli Group (as defined herein), the Dealers, any 
second party opinion providers or the External Verifier that the Step Up Notes will meet any or all investor 
expectations regarding the Step Up Notes or the Pirelli Group’s targets qualifying as "sustainable" or 
“sustainability-linked” or that any adverse other impacts will not occur in connection with the Pirelli Group 
striving to achieve such targets. 
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated 
“sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no 
representation or assurance is given by the Dealers, the Issuer nor the Guarantor that such listing or 
admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
Restrictions on Distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms, or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers to inform themselves about 
and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms, or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and 
Sale". 
The Notes and the guarantee(s) thereof have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and the Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The 
Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")). 
Unauthorised information 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates (including parent companies) or the Trustee to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any of the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates (including parent companies) or the Trustee. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes: (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any of the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
(including parent companies) or the Trustee that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor and the Pirelli Group. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor, any of the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent 
companies) or the Trustee to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer and/or the Guarantor 
and/or the Pirelli Group is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information

--- Page 4 ---
10097013732-v53 
- iii - 
IT-New 
 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. The Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the 
financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor or the Pirelli Group during the life of the 
Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
The Dealers will not regard any actual or prospective holders of Notes (whether or not a recipient of this 
Base Prospectus and/or the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) as their client in relation to the offering 
described in this Base Prospectus and/or the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and will not be responsible 
to anyone other than the Issuer for providing the protections afforded to its clients nor for providing the 
services in relation to the offering described in this Base Prospectus and/or the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement or any transaction or arrangement referred to herein or therein. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers and the Trustee do not represent that this Base 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no 
action has been taken by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers or the Trustee which is intended to permit a 
public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the European Economic Area (including the Republic of 
Italy and France), the United Kingdom, Japan, Hong Kong, and the PRC, see "Subscription and Sale". 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that would permit an offer of Notes with a denomination 
of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) only in circumstances where there is an 
exemption from the obligation under the EU Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation, as 
applicable, to publish a prospectus. As a result, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the European 
Economic Area or in the United Kingdom must be made pursuant to an exemption under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation or the UK Prospective Regulation, as applicable, from the requirement to publish a prospectus 
for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer of Notes in the European 
Economic Area or the United Kingdom may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for 
the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to the EU Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation, as 
applicable, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, 
the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio;

--- Page 5 ---
10097013732-v53 
- iv - 
IT-New 
 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect 
its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes 
are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA Retail Investors If the Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
Product Governance under Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended)  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include 
a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person

--- Page 6 ---
10097013732-v53 
- v - 
IT-New 
 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Product Governance under UK MiFIR  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include 
a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference, inter alia, to EURIBOR or such other 
reference rate as specified in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) is 
included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the 
"EU Benchmarks Regulation").  
Product classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include 
a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product 
classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (as modified 
or amended from time to time, the "SFA"). The Issuer will make a determination and provide the 
appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" in relation to each issue about the classification of the 
Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA.  
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
 
"U.S. dollars", "U.S.$" and "$" refer to United States dollars; 
 
"Sterling" and "£" refer to pounds sterling; 
 
"euro" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; 
 
"Renminbi" and "CNY" refer to the lawful currency of the PRC; and 
 
"PRC" refers to the People's Republic of China excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative 
Region of the People's Republic of China ("Hong Kong"), the Macau Special Administrative 
Region of the People's Republic of China and Taiwan. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. The words "anticipate", "believe", 
"expect", "plan", "intend", "targets", "aims", "estimate", "project", "will", "would", "may", "could", 
"continue" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements

--- Page 7 ---
10097013732-v53 
- vi - 
IT-New 
 
other than statements of historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those 
regarding the financial position, business strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations 
of the Issuer and the Guarantor are forward looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve 
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause actual results, performance or 
achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these 
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions 
regarding present and future business strategies and the environment in which Pirelli and its Subsidiaries 
(the "Pirelli Group" or the “Group”) expects to operate in the future. Important factors that could cause 
actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those in the forward-looking 
statements include, among other factors described in this Base Prospectus: 
 
the ability to realise the benefits expected from existing and future investments in the Pirelli 
Group's existing operations and pending expansion and development projects; 
 
the ability to obtain requisite governmental or regulatory approvals to undertake planned or 
proposed terminal development projects; 
 
the ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund existing and future 
operations; 
 
changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets in which the Pirelli Group 
and its customers operate; 
 
changes in the competitive environment in which the Pirelli Group and its customers operate; 
 
failure to comply with regulations applicable to the Pirelli Group's business; 
 
fluctuations in the currency exchange rates in the markets in which the Pirelli Group operates; 
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, 
but are not limited to, those discussed under "Risk Factors". Any forward-looking statements made by or 
on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor speak only as at the date they are made. Neither the Issuer nor the 
Guarantor undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in their expectations with 
regard thereto or any changes in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to 
Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant 
Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
will be disclosed in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. In general, European regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation.  In general, UK regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
STABILISATION

--- Page 8 ---
10097013732-v53 
- vii - 
IT-New 
 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the 
date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of the Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with 
all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 9 ---
10097013732-v53 
- viii - 
IT-New 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 15 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION ............................................................................. 39 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 43 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ........................................................................ 47 
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 48 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS IN RELATION TO NOTES OTHER THAN EXEMPT NOTES ................. 50 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT IN RELATION TO EXEMPT NOTES ........................................ 67 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 82 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 128 
DESCRIPTION OF PIRELLI, PIRELLI TYRE AND THE PIRELLI GROUP ...................................... 129 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 187 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 197 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 205

--- Page 10 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 9 - 
IT-New 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement). 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuer: 
Pirelli & C. S.p.A. ("Pirelli") 
Guarantor: 
Pirelli Tyre S.p.A. (“Pirelli Tyre”), in respect of Notes issued by 
Pirelli if so specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement), subject to 
Condition 2.3 (Release and Appointment of Guarantor). 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These are 
set out under "Risk Factors" below. There are also certain factors 
that may affect the Guarantor's ability to fulfil its obligations under 
the Guarantees. These are also set out under "Risk Factors" below. 
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme. These are set out under "Risk Factors" and 
include certain risks relating to the structure of particular Series of 
Notes, certain risks relating to Notes denominated in Renminbi and 
certain market risks. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arrangers: 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Dealers: 
ABCI Capital Limited 
Banca Akros S.p.A. – Gruppo Banco BPM  
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Europe) S.A. 
ING Bank N.V. 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Mediobanca Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
NATIXIS 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and

--- Page 11 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 10 - 
IT-New 
 
Sale") including the following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the 
issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
(b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such 
Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other 
circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of section 19 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 by the Issuer. 
Trustee: 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited. 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch.  
Programme Size: 
Up to €2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding 
at any time. The Issuer and the Guarantor may increase the amount 
of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to any applicable legal or 
regulatory restrictions. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant currency 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Specified Currency"). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
a partly-paid basis and at an issue price which is at par or at a 
discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in "Form of the 
Notes". 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated

--- Page 12 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 11 - 
IT-New 
 
as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series) (as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement)) as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or the latest version of ISDA 
2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each 
Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor thereto), as 
specified in the relevant final terms, each as published by 
ISDA 
(or 
any 
successor) 
on 
its 
website 
(http://www.isda.org); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service; or 
 
(c) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer, for Exempt Notes only. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes (Notes which are neither 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances 
where a prospectus is required to be published under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation) which are Index Linked Notes, Dual 
Currency Notes, Partly Paid Notes or Notes redeemable in one or 
more instalments. 
 
Index Linked Notes: Payments of principal in respect of Index 
Linked Redemption Notes or of interest in respect of Index Linked 
Interest Notes will be calculated by reference to such index and/or 
formula or to changes in the prices of securities or commodities or 
to such other factors as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
Dual Currency Notes: Payments (whether in respect of principal or 
interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Dual 
Currency Notes will be made in such currencies, and based on such 
rates of exchange, as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
Partly Paid Notes: The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which 
the issue price is paid in separate instalments in such amounts and 
on such dates as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
Notes redeemable in instalments: The Issuer may issue Notes 
which may be redeemed in separate instalments in such amounts and 
on such dates as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
The Issuer and the Guarantor, may agree with any Dealer and the 
Trustee that Exempt Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated 
by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event the

--- Page 13 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 12 - 
IT-New 
 
relevant provisions will be included in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Step Up Notes: 
Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes may be subject to a Step 
Up Option if the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
indicates that the Step Up Option is applicable. The Rate of Interest 
for Step Up Notes will be the Initial Rate of Interest specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, provided that, for any 
Interest Period commencing on or after the Interest Payment Date 
immediately following a Step Up Event, if any, the Rate of Interest 
shall be increased by the Step Up Margin specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. For the avoidance of doubt, an 
increase in the Rate of Interest may occur no more than once in 
respect of the relevant Step Up Note. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
in the case of Exempt Notes in specified instalments, if applicable, 
or for taxation reasons (as provided in Condition 6.2 (Redemption 
for tax reasons)) or following an Event of Default) or that such Notes 
will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders 
upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, or upon the 
occurrence of a Change of Control Put Event (as defined in 
Condition 6.4 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders 
(Investor Put/Change of Control Put)), as the case may be, on a date 
or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices 
and on such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Note, 
which is not a Zero Coupon Note or an Exempt Note, will be 
redeemed at an amount equal to at least 100 per cent. Of its nominal 
amount on its scheduled maturity date. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be  subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
Restrictions — Notes having a maturity of less than one year" above. 
Make-Whole Issuer Call 
The Issuer may redeem at any time in whole or in part any Series of 
the Notes then outstanding at an amount equal to the Make-Whole 
Amount together with interest (if any) accrued to (but excluding) the 
relevant redemption date, having given not less than 25 days nor 
more than 60 days prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices). See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes — 
Condition 6.10 (Make-Whole Issuer Call)". 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency, see "Certain Restrictions — Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year" above, and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note (other than an Exempt Note) 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction 
or withholding for or on account of taxes imposed by the Republic 
of Italy as provided in Condition 7 (Taxation) unless such deduction

--- Page 14 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 13 - 
IT-New 
 
or withholding is required by law. In the event that any such 
deduction or withholding is made, the Issuer or, as the case may be, 
the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) will, save in 
certain circumstances provided in Condition 7 (Taxation), be 
required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so 
deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 3 (Negative Pledges). 
Cross Acceleration: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross acceleration provision as 
further described in Condition 8.1 (Events of Default). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledges)) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among 
themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred 
by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding. 
Guarantee: 
Notes issued by Pirelli may be unconditionally and irrevocably, 
guaranteed by Pirelli Tyre if it is specified as a Guarantor in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) or, if it is not so specified, in the 
circumstances set out in Condition 2.3 (Release and Appointment of 
Guarantor). Subject as set out above, if no Guarantor is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement), Notes issued by Pirelli will not have 
the benefit of a guarantee. 
 
If the Notes are for the time being guaranteed by Pirelli Tyre as set 
out above ("Guaranteed Notes"), the obligations of the Guarantor 
under its guarantee will be direct, unconditional and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledges) unsecured obligations 
of the Guarantor and will rank pari passu and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other 
unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) 
of the Guarantor from time to time outstanding. 
 
Under certain circumstances, the Guarantor may be released from its 
obligation to guarantee the Notes and/or a new guarantor may 
provide a guarantee of the Notes, as described in Condition 2.3 
(Release and Appointment of Guarantor). 
Rating: 
The rating of certain series of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. 
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency

--- Page 15 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 14 - 
IT-New 
 
not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as 
a base prospectus. Application has also been made to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which 
are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be 
issued. 
 
The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted 
to trading on any market. 
 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Trust Deed, the Agency 
Agreement, the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with these 
Conditions, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the 
Receipts and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, English law apart from Conditions 14.10 
(Meetings of Noteholders) and 14.2 (Noteholders' Representative) 
and Schedule 3 Part 2 of the Trust Deed (Provisions for Meetings of 
Noteholders) are subject to compliance with, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
the United States, the European Economic Area (including France 
and the Republic of Italy), the United Kingdom, Japan, Hong Kong, 
and the PRC and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg

--- Page 16 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 15 - 
IT-New 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the following risk factors may affect their ability to fulfil their 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. All of these risk factors are contingencies which may 
or may not occur and the Issuer and the Guarantor are not in a position to express a view on the likelihood 
of any such contingency occurring. In addition, risk factors which are material for the purpose of assessing 
the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. Where such 
risks are expressed below to apply to the Pirelli Group, they are also relevant for the Issuer and the 
Guarantor and should be construed as such. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the risk factors described below represent the principal risks 
inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with Notes issued under the Programme 
may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer and the Guarantor 
based on information currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including, without limitation, any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views 
prior to making any investment decision, based upon their own judgment and upon advice from such 
financial, legal and tax advisers as they have deemed necessary. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meaning in this section. Prospective investors should read the entire Base 
Prospectus. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ABILITY OF PIRELLI OR PIRELLI TYRE TO FULFIL 
THEIR OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES 
Risks associated with the Pirelli Group's businesses 
The Pirelli Group's ability to execute its 2021-2022|2025 Industrial Plan is not assured 
The Industrial Plan is based on general assumptions regarding inflation rates, exchange rates, interest rates 
and commodity prices, over which the directors have no influence insofar as they depend on the overall 
market trend. 
The budget figures in the Industrial Plan are based on a set of critical assumptions, including 
macroeconomic scenarios and a series of corporate actions by the board of directors of Pirelli. 
In the event that one or more of the Industrial Plan's underlying assumptions proves incorrect or events 
evolve differently than assumed in the Industrial Plan, including events that may not be foreseeable or 
quantifiable as of the date hereof, the anticipated events and results of operations indicated in the Industrial 
Plan (and in this Base Prospectus) could differ from actual events and results of operations. 
Any failure by the Pirelli Group to execute its Industrial Plan within the scheduled deadlines may have a 
material adverse effect on the Pirelli Group, its business prospects, its financial condition and its results of 
operation. 
At the date of this Prospectus a multitude of factors, including the Russia-Ukraine crisis, are affecting the 
macroeconomic scenario which may influence on the ability of the Issuer to execute its Industrial Plan. 
The Pirelli Group is dependent on the availability of raw materials and is subject to risks related to 
suppliers of raw materials  
The Pirelli Group's manufacturing process requires a large number and variety of raw materials and 
components, including, for example, natural rubber, synthetic rubber and raw materials based on petroleum 
(in particular, chemicals and carbon black). The price of raw materials and components used by the Pirelli 
Groups for its production activities has undergone price fluctuations that have sometimes been quite 
significant in recent years, and this depends on a number of factors, mostly beyond the Pirelli Group's 
control. Any variation in the price of these raw materials may have a material adverse effect on the Pirelli 
Group's business, financial conditions and results of operations. While the Pirelli Group takes measures 
to forecast changes in raw materials prices as accurately as possible, as well as measures to limit

--- Page 17 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 16 - 
IT-New 
 
volatility of natural rubber prices, such as futures contracts, such measures may be insufficient, or their 
cost may outweigh benefits received.  
In 2021, the Pirelli Group's five largest suppliers provided approximately 38.0% of the Pirelli Group's total 
purchases of raw materials. Any tensions regarding the offer of raw materials, due to a reduction in the 
number of producers or suppliers of raw materials or components and to their scarcity or to an increase in 
demand by other operators in the sector, could result in difficulty in procuring high-quality raw materials 
and components and cause an increase in costs and reduced profitability, with a possible material adverse 
effect on the Pirelli Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. Indeed, any sale or 
transfer of a number of supplier contacts or a specific supplier contact, irrespective of the cause, may have 
a negative influence on the Pirelli Group's business. Moreover, if there is a need to replace suppliers, the 
Pirelli Group may be forced to incur costs or may face difficulties (including in terms of the time needed 
to replace a supplier), with a possible material adverse effect on the Pirelli Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. This could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's or the Guarantor's (if 
the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) ability to meet their obligations under the Notes. In this respect, the conflict 
arisen in Europe and the resulting geopolitical tension has determined limitations on materials availability 
due to transportation delays on re-routings and sanctions. Pirelli, as a consequence, has immediately 
engaged on a cross-functional risk assessment and mitigation program to contain exposures. 
The Pirelli Group is exposed to the credit risk of its commercial partners  
Credit risk reflects the Pirelli Group's exposure to potential losses should the Pirelli Group's commercial 
partners fail to fulfil their obligations. The Pirelli Group's credit risk mitigation and management of trade 
receivables are governed by procedures for assessing the customer's financial capacity and soundness, 
monitoring expected cash flows and any recovery actions. Notwithstanding the measures the Pirelli Group 
has implemented to avoid concentrations of risk and/or business and identify the parameters and conditions 
for performance of hedging operations, there remains a risk that some of the Pirelli Group's clients could 
delay payment or fail to pay according to the agreed terms and conditions. If this were to occur, the Pirelli 
Group may be required to seek recovery of payments through legal action, which would cause the Pirelli 
Group to incur additional costs and expenses, and, assuming such recovery actions were to be successful, 
result in delays in receiving payment, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Pirelli 
Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Risks related to the semiconductor shortage 
The ongoing COVID-19 related pandemic has led to a significant increase in remote working thus paving 
the way for a rise in demand for products and technologies heavily dependent on semiconductors. Not only 
has this phenomenon further exacerbated a trend, which was already prevalent before the outbreak, but it 
has also depressed the supply side due to prolonged lockdowns and related negative ramifications on 
production. The automotive sector, which heavily relies on semiconductors on the one hand and a just in 
time strategy on the other hand, has been particularly vulnerable to such shock with severe consequences 
in terms of volume produced and, as a consequence on the automotive and parts sector. The ongoing 
imbalance between supply and demand of semiconductors may continue over the course of the short to 
medium term horizon, also on the back of new variants of COVID-19, and thus leading to lower than 
expected volume produced in the automotive sector. All of these risks could potentially adversely affect 
the business, results of operations and financial condition of the Pirelli Group and as a result, could have 
an adverse effect on the Issuer's or the Guarantor's (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) ability to meet their 
obligations under the Notes. 
The Pirelli Group operates in the highly competitive tyre industry  
The Pirelli Group operates in the highly competitive industry, with a number of manufacturers that possess 
significant financial and industrial resources and enjoy considerable international or local recognition. 
Whilst the Pirelli Group focuses primarily on the premium tyre market, in which competition is currently 
more limited, future intensification of competition within this industry may, in the future, have a material 
adverse effect on the Pirelli Group's business. The Pirelli Group might face greater competition, even in the 
absence of new entrants, to the extent markets in which the Pirelli Group operates experience a contraction 
or slower growth. Moreover, to maintain its competitive position, the Pirelli Group must adequately update 
its available technologies and assets with the aim of tailoring its services to market requirements in the 
course of its business. The cost of technological development and assets, or of the purchase of necessary 
technologies, may increase, with a material adverse effect on the Pirelli Group's business, financial

--- Page 18 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 17 - 
IT-New 
 
condition and results of operations. The Pirelli Group derives nearly all of its net sales from tyre production, 
and therefore a significant negative change in the sector could have a material adverse effect on the Pirelli 
Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. Although the Pirelli Group has a highly 
diversified client and supplier base, the Pirelli Group's competitors may acquire control over or influence 
on the Pirelli Group's clients or suppliers, by acquiring shares in these companies, which may have a 
material adverse effect on the Pirelli Group's business. Any difficulty that the Pirelli Group may 
experience in competing in its industry may lead to a possible material adverse effect on the Pirelli 
Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. This could have an adverse effect on the 
Issuer's or the Guarantor's (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) ability to meet their obligations under the 
Notes. 
The Pirelli Group is subject to various environmental and other governmental regulation  
The Pirelli Group is subject to extensive regulation, both nationally and internationally, in particular, to 
standards for product safety, health protection for workers, compliance with security for workers and 
environmental protection. Moreover, the Pirelli Group is required to comply with any applicable sanctions 
issued by any national, international or supranational authorities. In the jurisdictions in which the Pirelli 
Group operates, the Pirelli Group are always subject to the risk that the introduction of new regulations or 
changes to existing regulations may require the Pirelli Group to adopt more stringent standards or may 
restrict the Pirelli Group’s freedom of action within the Pirelli Group’s areas of business. If this were to 
occur, the Pirelli Group may be forced to adapt its operations or increase investments to comply. In addition, 
production costs may increase or slow down development of the business. Therefore, changes in the 
relevant regulatory framework may have a material adverse effect on the Pirelli Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. This could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s (if 
the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) ability to meet their obligations under the Notes. 
Due to the international nature of its business operations and global presence, the Pirelli Group is subject 
to numerous sanctions laws and regulations, which may also be amended in light of unpredictable geo-
political scenarios. While the Pirelli Group has risk-based procedures and policies in place to prevent 
violations, sanctions regimes are complex and ever-changing and the Pirelli Group could be subject to 
regulatory scrutiny, fines and reputational harm, in case of violations. Sanctions and related limitations are 
subject to change, which could interfere significantly with the Pirelli Group's ability to transact with existing 
counterparties or in the geographical areas where it operates.  
Without prejudice to the above, the Pirelli Group has Russian-based business operations in partnership with 
Rostec, business operations also in Belarus and, through its Brazilian subsidiary, minor business in 
Venezuela. In this respect, in response to the Russia-Ukraine crisis, inter alia, the European Union (the 
"EU"), the United Kingdom, Switzerland, and the United States have already enacted and implemented a 
comprehensive set of sanctions and measures and could enact and implement wider sanctions targeting, 
inter alia, the banking and financial and energy sector in Russia by restricting the supply of certain items 
and services to Russia and certain forms of financing or other banking transactions. Further sanctions 
imposed on Russia, Russian citizens or Russian companies by the international community, such as 
measures restricting dealings with Russian counterparties, among others, could adversely impact the Pirelli 
Group’s business, results of operations, cash flow and in particular the operativity of its Russian 
subsidiaries. Furthermore, an escalation of the international crisis, resulting in a tightening or expanding of 
sanctions, could entail a significant disruption of energy supply, financial services and trade flows globally, 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Pirelli Group's business, financial conditions, results of 
operations and prospects. 
In light of the above circumstances, the Pirelli Group carefully evaluates on a case by case basis the adoption 
of adequate measures to minimize its exposure to any sanctions risk which may affect its business 
operations. In any case, additional Russia-related sanctions may add stress to the already complex financial, 
political and operating outlook of the country, which could further limit the ability of the Pirelli Group to 
recover its investments in such country. 
At the date of this Prospectus, the outcomes and implications of the Russia-Ukraine crisis remain uncertain. 
The tightening of international sanctions is also having repercussions on the economy of the Russian 
Federation in terms of growth expectations, currency market and the sustainability of the domestic 
economic and financial system over the medium-term horizon. These factors are compounded by the 
additional uncertainty arising from the restrictive countermeasures that the Russian government is preparing 
– and in some cases has already implemented – in response to the pressure of international sanctions, which

--- Page 19 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 18 - 
IT-New 
 
may materially affect the operations and management of the Russian subsidiaries of the Pirelli Group. The 
current situation is also bringing about rising prices for energy, metal and agricultural commodities, with 
repercussions on consumer price pressure and growth prospects for the Eurozone. These elements of 
uncertainty could lead to an alteration of normal market dynamics and, more generally, of business 
operating conditions.  
The Pirelli Group is exposed to the risk of product liability actions, including the payment of significant 
damages and the reputational risks associated with product recall campaigns  
The Pirelli Group is exposed to the risk of product liability actions in the countries in which the Pirelli 
Group operates, including in the United States, where the lawsuits arising from product liability may 
lead to significant damages to be paid as well as the associated risk of possible product recall campaigns 
that may be necessary to ensure consumer safety. While the Pirelli Group has insurance relating to the risks 
of product liability and product recall campaigns, this coverage may be insufficient to protect it from 
damages claims in relation to defective products or the reputational risk often associated with product recall 
campaigns, either of which could have a material adverse effect on the Pirelli Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations or the Pirelli Group’s image and reputation. This could have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) ability to meet their obligations 
under the Notes. 
The Pirelli Group may face liability and incur costs in connection with potentially hazardous substances 
typically used in the rubber industry and other industry regulations 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Pirelli Group has been involved in cases in Italy concerning 
claims about the alleged presence within workplaces of asbestos containing materials and potentially 
hazardous materials typically used in the rubber industry. 
Although the Pirelli Group has never used asbestos as a raw material in its production process, these claims 
have been made from time to time, either through the courts and/or out-of-court, (i) by employees, former 
employees and their successors, that claim to have suffered harm (directly and/or indirectly) as a 
consequence of an alleged exposure to asbestos or other hazardous materials typically used in the rubber 
industry as well as, (ii) by authorities, local institutions or associations.  
We have made certain provisions in relation to such litigations. It cannot be excluded, however, that these 
provisions may be insufficient to cover the losses or expenses that the Pirelli Group could sustain due to 
these claims. If judgments were made against the Pirelli Group, and/or if the reserves were found to be 
insufficient to cover the entire amount of losses and expenses actually borne by it, there could be a material 
adverse effect on the Pirelli Group's financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, although it is 
expected that the flow of new lawsuits involving the asserted harm from exposure to asbestos and other 
hazardous materials used in the past by the tyre industry will diminish, even to a considerable extent, it is 
not possible to know exactly whether and to what extend this decrease will take place. 
In addition to the above, the tyre industry involves the use of potentially dangerous materials and accidents 
may occur that could have repercussions on the staff, environment and business, as well as on the Pirelli 
Group's properties or those of third parties. If accidents were to occur, in addition to facing lawsuits and 
possible harm to the Pirelli Group's image and reputation, further investments in workplace safety may be 
necessary, with possible consequent disruptions of operations and a possible material adverse effect on the 
business, financial condition and results of operations of the Pirelli Group. This could have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer's or the Guarantor's (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) ability to meet their obligations 
under the Notes. 
Moreover, the Pirelli Group is subject to extensive regulation, both nationally and internationally, in 
particular, to standards for product safety, health protection for workers, compliance with safety for workers 
and environmental protection.  
For example, since 2012, all new tyres for cars, light vehicles and heavy vehicles made available on the 
European market have been required to include a label informing customers of the characteristics of the 
tyres in terms of resistance to overturning (rolling resistance), adherence to wet surfaces (wet grip) and 
external noise (tyre-road sound emissions); the same labelling requirements also entered into force in the 
various markets in which the Pirelli Group operates. Similarly, the tyres distributed on the U.S. market must 
comply with the standards imposed under the Uniform Tyre Quality Grading (UTQG) system.

--- Page 20 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 19 - 
IT-New 
 
The introduction of new regulations or changes to existing regulations may require the Pirelli Group to 
adopt more stringent standards or may restrict the Pirelli Group’s freedom of action within our areas of 
business. Therefore, changes in the relevant regulatory framework may have a material adverse effect on 
the Pirelli Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, any breaches in the 
regulations may lead to damage to the Pirelli Group’s image and reputation or lead to an obligation to pay 
significant fines, penalties or sanctions in the case of failure to comply with applicable law and regulations. 
The Pirelli Group faces operational risks associated with interruption of the Pirelli Group's production 
facilities, IT systems and network infrastructure 
The Pirelli Group's production processes depends on certain manufacturing plants present in 12 countries, 
including the related strategic processes, structures, equipment and personnel, each of which are exposed 
to a plethora of external risks – including political and geopolitical instability, civil disorder, terrorism, 
organised crime and urban violence, – and may be subject to sudden interruptions. Any breakdowns of the 
Pirelli Group's plants, disruptions of movements of goods and personnel, difficulties or delays in finding 
spare parts and equipment, lack of labour, lack of raw materials, extended blackouts of the electricity 
supply, fires, natural disasters, civil disorder, industrial accidents and the necessity of conforming to any 
national or international regulations, could significantly affect the Pirelli Group's production capacity and 
affect the Pirelli Group's ability to fulfil the Pirelli Group's orders. Any significant interruption to business 
at the Pirelli Group's production plants could have a material adverse effect on the Pirelli Group's business, 
financial conditions and results of operations. The Pirelli Group also relies increasingly on information and 
data of a sensitive nature, drawn up and contained in documents, including in electronic format. Pirelli 
Group manages these risks through a structured risk management strategy and through the required 
investments aimed at properly interpreting existing and emerging threats as well as at mitigating risks to its 
people, assets, goods, strategic processes, strategic know-how and infrastructure, ensuring the continuity 
of Pirelli's business and production operations. Failures of the Pirelli Group's IT infrastructure, network 
infrastructure breakdowns or illegal attempts to access the Pirelli Group's IT system (cyber-attacks) may 
have a material adverse effect on the Pirelli Group's business, financial conditions and results of operations. 
This could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's or the Guarantor's (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) 
ability to meet their obligations under the Notes. 
Failure to protect intellectual property rights could adversely affect the Pirelli Group's business  
The competitive positioning of the Pirelli Group depends on its ability to offer products that are distinct 
from those of its competitors and which respond to its customers' initiatives. The Pirelli Group relies heavily 
on the intellectual property dynamics associated with technological development, aimed at securing a 
competitive advantage obtainable in terms of intellectual property and creating a portfolio of trademarks 
and patents that can consolidate this advantage. 
The validity of these intellectual property rights, especially those established most recently, may be disputed 
by third parties, even after their grant and/or registration. Applications may take place at the level of 
individual countries, through administrative procedures or legal proceedings, or at a supranational level, as 
with European Community trademarks or designs. Additionally, third parties may file, or attempt to file, 
intellectual property applications that conflict with those of the Pirelli Group. In particular, the risk that 
such situations may arise is greatest for trademarks and internet domain names. The Pirelli Group also relies 
on technologies, processes, know-how and proprietary unpatented data, the latter of which are treated as 
confidential information and protected in relationships with third parties according to the customary 
management practices of industrial secrecy, for example, through confidentiality agreements entered into 
with external collaborators, suppliers, consultants and certain counterparties. 
If these agreements, or the other instruments used to protect industrial secrets, were breached, or the non-
contractual measures taken by the Pirelli Group prove inadequate to provide complete protection, the Pirelli 
Group's industrial secrets may be divulged or otherwise used by competitors. Third parties may also develop 
products that are similar to or improve upon those of the Pirelli Group including without violating the Pirelli 
Group's intellectual property rights. Protection of the intellectual or industrial property and exclusivity 
rights is usually extremely complex and often requires the resolution of legal difficulties concerning 
ownership of the rights themselves. For this reason, in conducting its own industrial, commercial and 
research and development activities, the Pirelli Group may be sued for breach of third-party intellectual or 
industrial property rights, or be obliged to initiate legal action against third parties to protect its own rights.

--- Page 21 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 20 - 
IT-New 
 
In the case of an unfavourable outcome in any action taken against the Pirelli Group concerning intellectual 
property rights, it may have to interrupt production of the articles that infringe these rights, with the 
possibility of a judgment to pay damages. Any litigation or disputes over violation of rights concerning 
patents and/or other intellectual or industrial property rights, or any exploitation, also abusive, of such rights 
by third parties on the Pirelli Group's intellectual property rights or on the rights of third parties having a 
license for use by the Pirelli Group may have a material adverse effect on the Pirelli Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. This could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's or the 
Guarantor's (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) ability to meet their obligations under the Notes. 
The Pirelli Group is exposed to global macro-economic factors over which it has no control, including 
without limitation any adverse financial and macroeconomic conditions within the global markets  
The Pirelli Group's business is influenced by a number of macro-economic factors that may lead to a 
deterioration of markets in which it operates.  
First of all, the economic fallout of the ongoing COVID-19 outbreak has been acute and broad-based with 
the global economy plunging into recession in 2020 before showing a technical rebound during the course 
of 2021. See also “The Pirelli Group is subject to risks arising out of the “COVID-19” pandemic”. New 
strains of COVID-19 (such as Omicron) and the possibility of related mobility restrictions, diminished 
fiscal and monetary policy support, supply chain disruptions and energy price volatility which together 
have contributed to higher and more persistent inflationary pressures, will lead to a deceleration in global 
economic growth over the short-term horizon. Furthermore, the ongoing retrenchment of China's real estate 
sector, the uncertain path of private consumption spending coupled with risks to financial stability, 
especially in highly-indebted emerging market countries may also negatively affect the overall 
macroeconomic outlook. All of these risks could adversely affect the business, operational results and 
financial conditions of the Pirelli Group and as a result, could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's or the 
Guarantor's (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) ability to meet their obligations under the Notes. 
More generally, the Pirelli Group's earnings and financing costs may be affected by global economic 
downturns, high levels of geopolitical uncertainty and the risk of currency crises, in particular in the 
emerging countries where it operates. In addition, any significant changes in terms of customs, tax and 
regulatory policies or reduction to the current free trade areas may have a material adverse effect on the 
Pirelli Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. It should be noted that the tyre market 
has historically been more profitable and less cyclical than the automobile market. Nonetheless, demand of 
the Pirelli Group's products remains connected with the performance of the automobile market and, in 
certain cases, is subject to seasonality (e.g. winter tyres). 
Changes in the price of fuel, mobility restrictions due to new strains of COVID-19, government policies 
in support of the automobile sector, the availability of credit (especially in relation to emerging markets), 
and weather conditions may all have material adverse effect on the Pirelli Group's business. Moreover, an 
unfavourable macroeconomic context may hinder the Pirelli Group's access to the capital markets or 
prevent it from acceding to these markets under favourable conditions, with a material adverse effect 
on the Pirelli Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. This could have a 
consequential adverse effect on the market value of the Notes and the Issuer's or the Guarantor's (if the 
Notes are Guaranteed Notes) ability to meet their obligations under the Notes. 
The Pirelli Group is subject to risks arising out of the "COVID-19" pandemic 
The outbreak of coronavirus disease (COVID-19) during the first half of 2020 was declared a pandemic by 
the World Health Organization and the Secretary of Health and Human Services declared a public health 
emergency in the United States in response to the outbreak; likewise, the Italian Government also declared 
a state of emergency and passed a number of emergency measures to deal with the outbreak. These included 
restrictions on travel and the free circulation of people as well as institutional closures, which continued 
during the second half of 2020 and the beginning of 2021 with the "second wave" and "third wave" 
restrictions, as well as in the autumn of 2021 and the beginning of 2022 as a result of the "fourth wave".  
The tyre sector in 2020 was strongly impacted by the COVID-19 emergency and the deteriorating economic 
outlook, with a general decline in consumption and production. Demand for car tyres declined 15.3% in 
volumes, particularly marked in the first half of the year (-28.1%) but improving in the second half (-3.2%), 
thanks to the recovery of the demand for  “Car ≥18" (i.e., (tyres with a rim size equal to or greater than 18") 
(+3.6% in the second half and -9.5% over the year), which proved to be the most resilient segment.

--- Page 22 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 21 - 
IT-New 
 
The Pirelli Group sells its products on a world-wide basis in over 160 countries and owns manufacturing 
sites located in different countries, some of which have been or are significantly affected by the COVID-
19 outbreak. Although there is broad consensus on the gradual improvement of the global health outlook 
in the short to medium-term, this assumption contains elements of significant uncertainty, mainly related 
to the availability of vaccines on a large scale and the potential emergence of new variants. If these risks 
were to persist during the year, they could lead to an alteration in normal market dynamics and, more 
generally, in business operating conditions. 
This outbreak (and any future outbreaks) has led (and may continue to lead) to disruptions in the economies 
of those nations where COVID-19 has arisen and may in the future arise, including Italy, and may result in 
adverse impacts on the global economy in general. These circumstances have led to volatility in the capital 
markets, which may lead to volatility in or disruption of the credit markets at any time and may adversely 
affect the value of the Notes. The potential impacts, including a global, regional or other economic recession, 
are increasingly uncertain and difficult to assess. If the spread of COVID-19 persists for a significant period 
of time, or other measures are put in place, this could have a materially negative impact on the global 
economy. 
The Pirelli Group may have to incur significant costs to mitigate the effects of the foregoing. The Pirelli 
Group's prospects, financial condition and results of operations in particular may be materially affected by 
the above factors, events and developments.  
Investors should note the risk that COVID-19, or any governmental or societal response to COVID-19, may 
affect the business activities and financial results of the Issuer and the Pirelli Group as a consequence of, 
but not limited to, a decrease in mobility, financial difficulties of customers, disruptions in the supply-chain, 
lay-offs of staff, or may impact the functioning of the financial system(s) needed to make regular and timely 
payments under the Notes, and therefore the ability of the Issuer to make payments on the Notes. 
Risks related to changes in demand in the long-term mobility  
Mobility is undergoing an unprecedented evolution due to technological changes (electrification of 
propulsion, driving automation and digital connectivity), cultural changes (increase in the average age for 
obtaining a driving licence, loss of importance of owning a car, etc.) and regulatory changes, often aimed 
at limiting the presence of polluting vehicles in and around metropolitan areas. In addition to all this, 
COVID-19 led, among other things, to a sudden reduction in mobility, and to the massive adoption of digital 
technologies aimed at remotely managing many activities that used to be carried out almost exclusively in 
person. To date, it has not been easy to predict the long-term trends of this phenomenon, and therefore the 
potential impact on the tyre sector. On the one hand, certain types of mobility - such as daily commuting 
over limited distances - will be strongly impacted, while on the other, a possible reduction in the use of 
public transport, together with a move to peripheral areas - even distant from the workplace - could lead to 
an increase in "miles driven". On balance, uncertainty remains high and such ongoing trend may potentially 
adversely affect the business, results of operations and financial condition of the Pirelli Group over the long 
term horizon and, as a result, could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's or the Guarantor's (if the Notes 
are Guaranteed Notes) ability to meet their obligations under the Notes. 
The Pirelli Group is exposed to financial risks  
The Pirelli Group is exposed to risks of a financial nature, mainly associated with trends in exchange rates, 
the procurement of financial resources in the market, the fluctuation of interest rates, and the ability of its 
customers to fulfil their obligations towards the Pirelli Group. 
Management of financial risks is an integral part of management of the Pirelli Group's businesses and is 
carried out centrally in accordance with guidelines from the Pirelli Group's general management. These 
guidelines define risk categories for, and specify certain procedures and operational limits in relation to, 
transactions and instruments relevant to the Pirelli Group. 
The Pirelli Group is exposed to risks related to variations in exchange rates  
The Pirelli Group operates in countries outside the Eurozone and therefore a significant portion of the Pirelli 
Group's revenues and costs are in currencies other than the Euro. During the 2020-2021 period, the Pirelli 
Group's financial results were significantly impacted by movements in exchange rates. This circumstance

--- Page 23 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 22 - 
IT-New 
 
is reflected (i) in the individual income statement, as a result of significant differences in the costs and 
income in a foreign currency compared to the time when the budget was established (economic risk) and 
as a result of the delay between the entering into a trade or financial receivables/debts in foreign currency 
and its settlement (transactional risk), as well as (ii) in the consolidated income statement and the Pirelli 
Group's net assets, as a result of conversion of the assets and liabilities of companies that draw up their 
financial statements in currencies other than the Euro (translation risk).  
The Pirelli Group has adopted a hedging strategy against exchange risk in line with IFRS accounting 
standards and through negotiation of derivative financial instruments. However, exchange rate fluctuations 
may significantly influence the Pirelli Group's results and the comparability of the results of single years, 
with a potential material adverse effect on the Pirelli Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations.  
The Pirelli Group may be adversely affected by unfavourable fluctuations in interest rates  
Whilst the Pirelli Group endeavours to maintain a balance between indebtedness at fixed interest rates and 
indebtedness at variable interest rates in order to manage the volatility of the results of operations recorded 
in its income statement, the Pirelli Group is exposed to the risk that significant changes may occur to interest 
rates. The guidelines the Pirelli Group has in place to neutralise such changes may be insufficient, resulting 
in a material impact on the Pirelli Group's results and the comparability of results for each year, with a 
possible material adverse effect on the Pirelli Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
In addition, the exchange rate hedging policy set in place for purchases and sales in currencies other than 
the Euro is implemented through the use of contracts (among others, exchange swaps and forwards) that 
indirectly exposes the Pirelli Group's economic results to interest rate performance, since the price of these 
instruments also depends on the differential in interest rates between the currency bought and that sold 
when the contract expires. 
The Pirelli Group is subject to risks associated with its own liquidity and reimbursement of its debt  
The Pirelli Group's future performance depends also on its ability to meet funding requirements related to 
debt maturities and future investments with cash flow from operations, liquidity on hand, renewal or 
refinancing of existing bank loans and facilities or recourse to the capital markets. The main instruments 
used by the Pirelli Group to manage this risk are an annual management plan and three-year financial plans, 
which enable it to monitor and assess cash in-flows and out-flows. Although the Pirelli Group has taken 
steps to protect its working capital and liquidity positions any future decline in sales volumes could have a 
negative impact on the cash-generating capacity of operating activities, which in turn could have a material 
adverse effect on the Pirelli Group's ability to meet its funding requirements related to debt maturities. 
The credit agreements and bond agreements that the Pirelli Group has entered into contain restrictive 
covenants that limit its operations 
The agreements relating to the long-term financial indebtedness of the Pirelli Group contain covenants that 
must be complied with by the relevant borrowers and guarantors (Pirelli and the other companies of the 
Pirelli Group). Certain of such agreements also contain “change of control” provisions, which, if triggered, 
may result in the mandatory prepayment of the relevant financing arrangements. In addition, certain of such 
agreements contain provisions, including covenants requiring the maintenance of particular financial ratios, 
may constrain the Pirelli Group’s ability to incur new debt. The failure to comply with any of the above 
mentioned covenants as well as the by mandatory prepayment triggered by said “change of control” 
provisions could have a material adverse effect upon the Pirelli Group, its business prospects, its financial 
condition or its results of operations. 
Any reduction in the Pirelli Group's credit rating could increase its cost of funding, adversely affect its 
interest margins and make its ability to raise new funds or renew maturing debt more difficult 
Credit ratings are an important component of the Pirelli Group's liquidity profile and affect the cost and 
other terms upon which the Pirelli Group is able to obtain funding. 
There is no assurance that a rating will remain for any given period of time or that a rating will not be 
lowered or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency if, in its judgement, circumstances in the future so 
warrant. A decision by a rating agency to downgrade or withdraw the Pirelli Group's credit rating (for

--- Page 24 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 23 - 
IT-New 
 
whatever reason) could reduce the Pirelli Group's funding options, increase its borrowing costs and 
adversely affect its results of operations. 
The Pirelli Group's ability to successfully compete in the market for funding depends on various factors, 
which include financial stability as reflected by the operating results and credit ratings determined by 
internationally recognized credit agencies. Therefore, a downgrade in credit ratings may impact the Pirelli 
Group's ability to rise funding, and may have a material adverse effect on its business, with potential adverse 
consequences on the ability of the relevant Issuer to pay interest on the Notes or repay the principal at 
maturity. 
Any downgrading of one or more of the above ratings could have a material adverse effect on the Pirelli 
Group, its business prospects, its financial condition and its results of operations. 
Moreover, a downgrade bringing the rating in the sub-investment grade space could have a material adverse 
effect on the market value of the investment also through an increase in the market volatility of the Notes, 
even in case the ability of the Pirelli Group to reimburse certain Notes is not materially affected. 
The Pirelli Group is exposed to risks related to the volatility of price and trade volume of its financial 
assets 
The Pirelli Group holds financial assets, such as listed and unlisted debt and equity securities. These assets 
are classified as other financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and other financial 
assets at fair value in the consolidated income statement. 
With respect to these assets, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Pirelli Group has not entered into 
derivative financial contracts covering the risk of volatility. Consequently, with respect to the listed share 
securities, the Pirelli Group is exposed, first of all, to the volatility of the underlying markets and also to 
the volume of daily trades. In addition, all of the financial assets referred to above expose the Pirelli Group 
to the risk relating to the presence of clauses restricting the transfer of such securities or the possible 
difficulties in divesting stakes in unlisted companies and/or to minorities that could make it impossible to 
liquidate, or to liquidate on financially favourable terms, the financial assets held, which could have a 
material adverse impact on the Pirelli Group's business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
This could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's or the Guarantor's (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) 
ability to meet their obligations under the Notes. 
The Pirelli Group's insurance policies may not be sufficient to cover all potential losses and liabilities  
Operating in the tyre-manufacturing sector involves risks and hazards that may require insurance response, 
including damage to property, slow-downs and/or interruptions in production caused by natural disasters 
or accidental events or malicious acts, cyber attacks and claims for compensation following damage to third 
parties (e.g. civil liability). The Pirelli Group manages these risks through contractual limitations on 
liability, compensation limits and subscription of various insurance policies whose limits are set according 
to the MFL (e.g. maximum foreseeable loss) or pursuant to benchmark analysis with other international 
companies of comparable size. Although the management of the Pirelli Group believes that all major 
risks are properly assessed and managed according to the best risk management practices, the insurance 
policies are in any case subject to certain deductibles, limits and exclusions and may not provide adequate 
coverage in certain circumstances. As a result, the Pirelli Group may have to bear all or part of the losses, 
damages and liabilities due to insufficient insurance coverage which may have a material adverse effect 
on the Pirelli Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. This could have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer's or the Guarantor's (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) ability to meet their obligations 
under the Notes. 
The increase in average temperatures and the increasing frequency of extreme meteorological events 
could adversely affect the Pirelli Group's business  
In the medium to long term, the industry in which the Pirelli Group operates could face a number of risks 
linked to the effects of climate change. 
The increase in average temperatures and the increasing frequency of extreme meteorological events could 
have a negative impact on the safety of industrial sites and employees, involving defence and repair costs 
and jeopardising continuity of operations, as well as interfering in the processes of obtaining raw materials 
such as natural rubber or restricting demand for winter tyres.

--- Page 25 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 24 - 
IT-New 
 
Moreover, notwithstanding the actions introduced by the Pirelli Group, it cannot be excluded that the 
strengthening of national and/or international emission control policies to control climate-altering gases 
may have an impact on energy cost and availability. If such events were to occur, they may have a material 
adverse effect on the Pirelli Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. This could have 
an adverse effect on the Issuer's or the Guarantor's (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) ability to meet their 
obligations under the Notes. 
The Pirelli Group is dependent on the ability of its current management team to operate and manage 
effectively 
The Pirelli Group business operations depend significantly on competencies and professional expertise of 
key personnel, namely those executives with strategic responsibilities and senior managers of the Pirelli 
Group's geographic business areas, as well as on highly specialised staff. Those professionals are crucial to 
the execution of operations and projects, ensuring the achievement and the growth and development of the 
Pirelli Group's business and financial results. If relations with these key individuals are terminated for any 
reason, the Pirelli Group may not be able to immediately replace them with people equally qualified and 
capable of delivering the same operational and professional services or following the same operational 
strategies. The loss of top executives or key staff members and the potential inability to attract or maintain 
highly qualified personnel or competent executives may have a material adverse effect on the Pirelli 
Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. This could have an adverse effect on the 
Issuer's or the Guarantor's (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) ability to meet their obligations under the 
Notes. 
The Pirelli Group face risks related to the Pirelli Group's joint venture arrangements  
The Pirelli Group operates in certain countries through joint venture agreements and other forms of 
investment agreements with local or international operators. The operation of these joint ventures and other 
partnerships is subject to risk and management uncertainties, mainly due to the possible emergence of 
differences between the partners concerning operational and strategic objectives and difficulties in 
resolving any conflicts between them related to the routine management of the joint venture. In particular, 
these joint ventures and partnerships may be subject to deadlocks caused by disagreements between the 
partners over decisions on certain subjects concerning the Board or Shareholders' Meetings for which 
particular qualified majorities (or in some cases, unanimity) are required. These deadlocks may cause 
management problems within the joint venture, impede implementation of the strategies or even result in 
an exit of one of the partners. The occurrence of these events may have a material adverse effect on the 
Pirelli Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. This could have an adverse effect on 
the Issuer's or the Guarantor's (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) ability to meet their obligations under 
the Notes. 
The Pirelli Group is exposed to the risks associated with its relationship with employees  
The Pirelli Group manages relationships and negotiations with trade union representatives locally, with 
central coordination among the various countries performed at Pirelli Group level. The Pirelli Group may 
be required to renegotiate with unions prior to the expiry of agreements currently in force, and the Pirelli 
Group may not be able to satisfy all their requests, with the consequential risk of strikes and other forms 
of interruptions to production, as well as cost increases (including costs arising out of the renegotiation of 
existing agreements). The Pirelli Group's business may suffer from absenteeism or other manifestations 
of conflict on the part of some worker categories, possibly resulting in interruptions to the business itself, 
potentially leading to consequential delays in production. Similarly, any restructuring or reorganisation 
operations linked to the balancing of production and market volumes with possible staff reductions may 
lead to interruptions to the Pirelli Group's business due to strikes or other forms of absence from work, or 
periods of trade union tension, and have a material adverse effect on the Pirelli Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. Finally, the Pirelli Group is exposed to the risk that it may be 
required to provide additional guarantees or increase its relevant contributions in respect of certain defined 
benefit pension plans for current and former employees in force as at the date of the Base Prospectus. This 
could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's or the Guarantor's (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) ability 
to meet their obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 25 - 
IT-New 
 
The Pirelli Group is, and may be, involved in legal proceedings that may disrupt its operations and its 
reporting of financial results 
The Pirelli Group is, and may be, party to legal, civil, criminal, tax or other administrative proceedings 
arising in the ordinary course of business. It is not possible to predict the potential for, or the ultimate 
outcomes of, such proceeding. Whilst the Pirelli Group adopts measure to mitigate damages or penalties, 
including by establishing cash reserves and entering into insurance contracts, the Pirelli Group may be 
unsuccessful in any of the proceedings the Pirelli Group is, or may be involved in, potentially having a 
material adverse effect on the Pirelli Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. This 
could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's or the Guarantor's (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) ability 
to meet their obligations under the Notes. 
Moreover, the Pirelli Group made provisions in its consolidated financial statements for contingent 
liabilities related to particular proceedings in accordance with the advice of external and/or internal legal 
counsel. Such provisions are included in the broader “Provision for Liabilities and Charges” in the Pirelli 
annual report, which amounted to Euro 124.764 thousand as of 31 December 2021, compared to Euro 
121.340 thousand as of 31 December 2020. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Pirelli Group has not 
recorded provisions in respect of all of the disputes to which it is subject. In particular, it has not recorded 
provisions in cases in which it currently believes that negative outcomes are not likely. The variability in 
the outcomes of existing proceedings may determine a situation in which the provisions set aside may not 
be sufficient to cover the relevant losses. As a consequence, if future losses arising from the pending 
proceedings are materially in excess of the provisions made, there may be a material adverse effect on the 
Pirelli Group's business, cash flow, financial condition and results of operations. For further information, 
see “Description of Pirelli, Pirelli Tyre and the Pirelli Group – Legal Proceedings” below.  
The Pirelli Group is subject to risks relating to international sales and is exposed to changing local 
conditions  
The Pirelli Group operates and will continue to operate in developing countries, including Argentina, 
Brazil, Mexico, Russia, China, Egypt (but only as regards commercial operations), Turkey and Indonesia 
to serve local demand at competitive industrial and logistical costs. The economies of some of these 
emerging markets differ from the economies in Western Europe and in some cases present a greater risk 
profile. Relevant risks include the level of political instability, government involvement, economic 
development, COVID-19 vaccine capability rollout, growth rate as well as control of foreign exchange. 
While many of the countries in which the Pirelli Group operates have implemented measures aimed at 
improving the business environment and providing a stable platform for economic development, some are 
still lagging behind. Furthermore, the political, economic and legal reforms necessary to complete such a 
transformation may not be implemented fully or may not be successful. 
The United Kingdom having left the European Union may affect the Pirelli Group's results 
On 23 June 2016, the United Kingdom (the “UK”) voted in a referendum to leave the EU ("Brexit"). On 
29 March 2017, the British Prime Minister gave formal notice to the European Council under Article 50 of 
the Treaty on the EU of the intention to withdraw from the EU, thus triggering the two-year period for 
withdrawal. 
On 31 January 2020 (exit day), the UK withdrew from the EU. Pursuant to Articles 126 and 127 of the 
Article 50 Withdrawal Agreement that entered into force on the exit day, the UK entered an implementation 
period during which it negotiated its future relationship with the EU under the political declaration that 
accompanied the Article 50 Withdrawal Agreement. During such implementation period – which ended at 
11 p.m. UK time (midnight CET) on 31 December 2020 (the implementation period completion day, or IP 
completion day) – EU law generally continued to apply in the UK. Following such negotiations, on 24 
December 2020 the UK and the EU concluded a free trade agreement known as the "UK-EU Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement" (the "TCA").  
 
The TCA, which entered into force (initially on a temporary basis) on IP completion day, is principally a 
free trade agreement in goods. It does not address in any detail a number of areas, including the cross-
border provision of services, the "passporting" of the UK and EU financial institutions, the determination 
of equivalence between the EU and UK financial market regulations, or judicial cooperation in civil matters. 
In addition, on IP completion day, as a unilateral matter and in order to mitigate the effect of the EU Treaties

--- Page 27 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 26 - 
IT-New 
 
no longer applying to the UK, the UK incorporated into its law (e.g. grandfathered) the majority of EU law 
as it stood at IP completion day (EU retained law).  
 
Notwithstanding the conclusion of the Withdrawal Agreement and the TCA by the EU and the UK and the 
implementation by the UK of EU retained law, there remain significant uncertainties with regard to the 
political and economic outlook of the UK and the EU and there are likely to be changes in the legal rights 
and obligations of commercial parties across all industries, particularly in the services sector (including 
financial services) following the UK's exit from the EU. There is a risk that other EU Member States could 
hold referenda as to their membership of, and ultimately leave, the EU, as the UK did. There is also a risk 
that one or more EU Member States that adopted the Euro as their national currency might decide, in the 
long term, to adopt an alternative currency, or that there is a prolonged period of uncertainty connected to 
these eventualities. These risks, should they materialise, could have a significant negative impact on global 
economic conditions and the stability of the international financial markets. This could include further 
volatility in equity markets, in the value of sterling and/or the Euro and in financial markets generally, a 
reduction in global market liquidity with a potential negative impact on asset prices, operating results and 
capital including as may impact the financial position of the Pirelli Group and the market value and/or 
liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market.  
 
In addition to the above and in consideration of the fact that at the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no 
legal procedure or practice aimed at facilitating the exit of a Member State from the Euro, the consequences 
of these decisions are exacerbated by the uncertainty regarding the methods through which a Member State 
could manage its current assets and liabilities denominated in Euros and the exchange rate between the 
newly adopted currency and the Euro. A collapse of the Eurozone could be accompanied by the 
deterioration of the economic and financial situation of the EU and could have a significant negative effect 
on the entire financial sector, creating new difficulties in the granting of sovereign loans and loans to 
businesses and involving considerable changes to financial activities both at market and retail level. This 
situation could therefore have a significant negative impact on the operating results and capital and financial 
position of the Issuer and/or the Pirelli Group as well as the market value and/or the liquidity of the Notes 
in the secondary market. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features, distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes and those which 
might occur in relation to certain types of Exempt Notes: 
Changes in tax laws or regulations or in positions by the relevant tax authority regarding the application, 
administration or interpretation of tax laws or regulations, particularly if applied retrospectively, could 
have negative effects on the current business model of Pirelli and have a material adverse effect on its 
operating results, business and financial condition 
Tax laws are complex and subject to subjective evaluations and interpretative decisions, and Pirelli will be 
periodically subject to tax audits aimed at assessing its compliance with direct and indirect taxes. Pirelli is 
also subject to intercompany pricing laws and regulations, including those relating to the flow of funds 
pursuant to, for example, loan agreements. Adverse developments in laws or regulations, or any change in 
position by the tax authorities regarding the application, administration or interpretation of laws or 
regulations, could have a material adverse effect on Pirelli business, financial condition and results of 
operations or on Pirelli's ability to service or otherwise make payments on the Notes and other indebtedness. 
In addition, tax authorities may not agree with the interpretations of Pirelli, or with the positions that Pirelli 
has taken or intends to take on, tax laws applicable to its ordinary activities and any extraordinary 
transactions, including the tax treatment or characterization of its indebtedness, existing and future 
intercompany loans and guarantees or the deduction of interest expenses. In case of objections by the tax 
authorities to its interpretations, Pirelli could face long tax proceedings that could result in the payment of 
higher taxes, interest, penalties or sanctions and have a material adverse effect on its operating results, 
business and financial condition or on its ability to service or otherwise make payments on the Notes and 
its other indebtedness. Pirelli may also inadvertently or for reasons beyond its control fail to comply with

--- Page 28 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 27 - 
IT-New 
 
certain tax laws or regulations in connection with a particular transaction, including any of its financing 
arrangements, which could result in unfavourable tax treatment for such arrangements. This may have a 
negative tax impact and may also result in the application of higher taxes, interest, penalties or sanctions. 
Tax audits and investigations by the competent tax authorities may generate negative publicity which could 
harm the reputation of Pirelli with customers, suppliers and counterparties. Pirelli can provide no assurance 
that the financial impact of any adverse tax adjustment in connection with its business would not have a 
material adverse effect on its business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows 
or on its ability to service or otherwise make payments on the Notes and its other indebtedness. 
In certain circumstances you will not be entitled to a gross-up for any Italian withholding or deduction of taxes 
Pirelli is organized under the laws of Italy and is Italian resident for tax purposes and therefore payments 
of principal and interest on the Notes and, in certain circumstances, any gain on the Notes, will be subject 
to Italian tax laws and regulations. All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear of 
withholding or deduction of Italian taxation, unless the withholding or deduction is required by law. In that 
event, subject to a number of exceptions, Pirelli or the Guarantor, as the case may be, will pay such 
additional amounts as will result in the holders of the Notes receiving such amounts as they would have 
received in respect of such Notes had no such withholding or deduction been required. Pirelli or the 
Guarantor are not liable to pay any additional amounts to holders of Notes under certain circumstances, 
including if any withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 
1 April 1996 ("Decree 239") or pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 ("Decree 
461"). In such circumstances, where no additional amounts are due, investors subject to Italian 
withholding tax or substitute tax will only receive the net proceeds of their investment in the Notes.  
Although Pirelli believes that, under current law, Italian substitute tax or withholding tax will not be 
imposed under Decree 239 or Decree 461 where a holder of Notes (a) is resident for tax purposes in a 
country or territory which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Italian tax 
authorities as contained (I) as at the date of this Offering Memorandum in the Ministerial Decree of the 
Minister of Economy and Finance of 4 September 1996, as amended or supplemented from time to time 
and replaced, (the "White List"), or (II) once effective, in any other decree or regulation that will be 
issued in the future under the authority of Article 11(4)(c) of Decree 239 to provide the list of such 
countries and territories (the "New White List"), including any country or territory that will be deemed 
listed therein for the purpose of any interim rule and (b) complies with certain certification requirements, 
and otherwise in the circumstances as described in the "Overview of the Programme — Taxation", there 
is no assurance that this will be the case. Investors resident in countries or territories not included in the 
White List (or New White List once effective) or investors that are resident in a country included in 
White List or New White List but that do not satisfy the conditions set forth by Decree 239 (as amended 
or supplemented), as well as certain categories of holders of the Notes who are resident in Italy, will only 
receive the net proceeds of their investment in the Notes. The regime provided by Decree 239 and in 
particular the exemption from imposta sostitutiva (substitute tax), which is in principle granted to holders 
of the Notes resident in countries that allow for satisfactory exchange of information with Italy included 
in the White List or the New White List once effective, is also subject to certain procedural requirements 
being met. Should the procedural requirements not be met, Italian imposta sostituva may apply on the 
payments made on the Notes to foreign investors resident in countries that allow for satisfactory 
exchange of information with Italy included in the White List or New White List, once effective. See 
"Overview of the Programme — Taxation". Moreover, holders of Notes will bear the risk of any change 
in Decree 239 after the date hereof, including any change in the White List or the New White List once 
effective. 
No assurance can be given that the procedural requirements to apply the Italian tax regime provided by 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 will be met by the relevant foreign intermediaries 
The regime provided by Decree 239 and in particular the exemption from imposta sostitutiva in principle 
granted to holders of the Notes resident in countries included in the White List (or in the New White List 
once it is effective) applies if certain procedural requirements are met. It is not possible to assure that all 
non-Italian resident investors can claim the application of the exemption from imposta sostitutiva 
(substitute tax) where the relevant foreign intermediary fails to provide sufficient information to the relevant 
Italian tax authorities under the procedures set for applying the exemption regime under Decree 239. See 
"Overview of the Programme — Taxation"

--- Page 29 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 28 - 
IT-New 
 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to "benchmarks" 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other indices which are deemed "benchmarks" are 
the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some 
of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented.  
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmark Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark. The EU 
Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another 
benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in 
order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other 
things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for 
reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of 
certain "benchmarks".  
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced 
that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free 
overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of 
financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro 
risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro 
area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently 
been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as 
to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR 
or an alternative benchmark.  
These reforms may cause such "benchmarks" to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, 
or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Notes linked to a "benchmark". 
The EU Benchmark Regulation could also have a material impact on any listed Notes linked to a 
"benchmark" index, including in the following circumstances: (i) an index which is a "benchmark" could 
not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain appropriate EU authorisations or is based in a non-
EU jurisdiction which (subject to any applicable transitional provisions) does not have equivalent 
regulation. In such event, depending on the particular "benchmark" and the applicable terms of the Notes, 
the Notes could be delisted (if listed), adjusted, redeemed or otherwise impacted; and (ii) the methodology 
or other terms of the "benchmark" related to a series of Notes could be changed in order to comply with the 
terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing 
the rate or level of the "benchmark" or of affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could 
lead to adjustments to the terms of the Notes. 
The elimination of the EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of 
any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the 
Conditions (as further described in Condition 4.2), or result in adverse consequences to holders of any 
Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to 
EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the 
implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential 
changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the Notes, the return 
on the Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
The Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other successor 
service)) becomes unavailable, including or a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (each as 
defined in the Conditions), as applicable, otherwise occurs. Such an event may be deemed to have occurred 
prior to the issue date for a Series of Notes. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate 
of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or 
alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant

--- Page 30 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 29 - 
IT-New 
 
governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement 
of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this 
objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment 
of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain circumstances the 
ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser 
(as defined in the Conditions) in certain circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks arising from the potential cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment 
decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Step Up Notes (Sustainability-linked Bonds) may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking 
exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics 
Although the interest rate relating to the Step Up Notes is subject to upward adjustment in certain 
circumstances specified in the Conditions, such Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any 
future legal or quasi legal standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics. Step Up 
Notes are not being marketed as green bonds since the Issuer expects to use the relevant net proceeds for 
general corporate purposes and therefore the Issuer does not intend to allocate the net proceeds specifically 
to projects or business activities meeting environmental, social or sustainability criteria, or be subject to 
any other limitations associated with green bonds. 
In addition, the interest rate adjustment in respect of Step Up Notes depends on a definition of Absolute 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions, and/or Absolute Scope 3 GHG Emissions, as the case may be, that may be 
inconsistent with investor requirements or expectations or other definitions relevant to greenhouse gas 
emissions. 
Any information on, or accessible through, the Issuer's website and the information in such certifications 
or reports or any past or future reports, certifications, opinions, Limited Assurance Reports and/or External 
Verifier Assurance Reports is not part of the Base Prospectus and should not be relied upon in connection 
with making any investment decision with respect to any Notes to be issued under the Programme. 
Although the Issuer targets decreasing direct greenhouse gas emissions, there can be no assurance of the 
extent to which it will be successful in doing so or that any future investments made in furtherance of this 
target will meet investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability 
performance, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact. Adverse environmental or social impacts may occur during 
the design, construction and operation of any investments the Issuer makes in furtherance of these targets 
or such investments may become controversial or criticized by activist groups or other stakeholders. A 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 Step Up Event and/or Scope 3 Step Up Event shall not occur in the case of the failure 
of the Issuer to satisfy the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Condition, and/or the Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions Condition, as the case may be, as a result of certain events described in the Conditions. Lastly, 
no Event of Default shall occur under the Step Up Notes, nor will the Issuer be required to repurchase or 
redeem such Notes, in the event of any failure to reach the relevant Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions 
Threshold and/or the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Threshold, as the case may be. 
Risks that may result from the failure to meet the Sustainability Performance Targets 
Although if (i) the External Verifier determines that the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Condition, 
and/or the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition, as the case may be, on the Scope 1 and Scope 2  GHG 
Emissions Observation Date, and/or the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition, as the case may be, has not 
been met on the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Observation Date, and/or the Scope 3 GHG

--- Page 31 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 30 - 
IT-New 
 
Emissions Observation Date, as the case may be, or (ii) the Issuer fails to respect its reporting obligations 
set out in Condition 13, it would, in each case, give rise to the application of a pre-determined margin to 
the Rate of Interest as described in Condition 4.3 (Step Up Option), it would not, in each case, be an Event 
of Default under the Notes nor will the Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem any Notes in such 
circumstances. Even if the resulting interest step-up has the effect of increasing the yield on the Notes, 
certain investors may have portfolio mandates or may wish to dispose of their Notes and/or the Bonds Notes 
be excluded from any Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG")-related securities or other 
equivalently-labelled index upon the occurrence of an interest step-up, which may have material 
consequences for the future trading prices of the Notes and/or the liquidity of the Notes. In addition, the 
failure of the Pirelli Group to achieve the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Condition, and/or the Scope 
3 GHG Emissions Condition, as the case may be, or any of its Sustainability Performance Targets or any 
such similar sustainability performance targets Pirelli may choose to include in any future financings would 
not only result in an interest rate step up, but could also harm Pirelli's reputation, the consequences of which 
could adversely affect the business, operational results and financial conditions of the Pirelli Group and as 
a result, could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's or the Guarantor's (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) 
ability to meet their obligations under the Notes. 
The Issuer may unilaterally change the sustainability targets applicable to the Sustainability-Linked 
Notes as a consequence of the occurrence of certain events, including a Recalculation Event 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Pirelli calculates Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions, and/or 
Absolute Scope 3 GHG Emissions, as the case may be, on the basis of international guidance and standards 
on greenhouse gas emissions accounting and life cycle assessment such as those established by the World 
Business Council for Sustainable Development and the World Resources Institute (the "GHG Protocol 
Corporate Standard") Furthermore, Pirelli’s Sustainability Data and Targets are verified by third parties 
in accordance with the ISO 14001 certification for environmental management systems and the reporting 
certification according to the International Standard on Assurance Engagements ISAE 3000 Revised - 
Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information”, issued by the 
International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (IAASB). 
The industry-wide accepted references, including the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard, and other sectorial 
standards and guidelines, on which Pirelli bases its calculation methodology, may evolve over time and 
may result in a change to the scope of Pirelli’s Sustainability Targets.  
The occurrence of any event that results in a recalculation by the Issuer of the Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions, and/or Absolute Scope 3 GHG Emissions, as the case may be, (such event referred to under the 
Conditions as a "Recalculation Event" may cause a fixing by Pirelli, on an unilateral basis, of a new 
baseline on the basis of which the relevant percentage reduction in Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions, 
and/or Absolute Scope 3 GHG Emissions, as the case may be, will be determined. If such Recalculation 
Event occurs, a new Sustainability Target, unilaterally determined by Pirelli acting in good faith and 
accordance with its methodology, will be taken into account for the purposes of ascertaining whether or not 
a Step Up Event shall occur in respect of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
In addition, changes to the calculation methodology of either or both Sustainability Performance Targets 
or Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions, and/or Absolute Scope 3 GHG Emissions, as the case may be, 
due to a significant change in data due to better data accessibility or the discovery of data errors or an event 
which results in a significant structural change to the permitter of the Pirelli Group, including as a result of 
acquisitions, divestitures, mergers or demergers, that may have a significant impact on the levels of the 
Sustainability Performance Target(s) may give rise to a recalculation of the Sustainability Performance 
Target(s) and/ or Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions, and/or Absolute Scope 3 GHG Emissions, as 
the case may be. 
The occurrence of any such Recalculation Event may impact, positively or negatively, the ability of Pirelli 
to satisfy the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition, which could in turn adversely affect the market 
price of the Notes and/or the reputation of the Pirelli Group (see also “Failure to satisfy the relevant 
Sustainability-Linked Note Condition may have a material impact on the market price of any Sustainability-
Linked Notes issued under the Programme and could expose the Pirelli Group to reputational risks” 
below).

--- Page 32 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 31 - 
IT-New 
 
Failure to satisfy the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition may have a material impact on the 
market price of any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme and could expose the 
Pirelli Group to reputational risks 
Although Pirelli's intention, on issue of any Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme, will be to 
reduce the Pirelli Group’s Scope 1 and Scope 2 CO2 Emissions, and Scope 3 CO2 Emissions, there can be 
no assurance of the extent to which it will be successful in doing so, that Pirelli may decide not to continue 
with achieving such Sustainability Targets or that any future investments it makes in furtherance of 
achieving such objectives will meet investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards 
regarding sustainability performance, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by 
its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact. 
Any of the above could adversely impact the trading price of Sustainability-Linked Notes and the price at 
which a holder of Sustainability-Linked Notes will be able to sell its Sustainability-Linked Notes in such 
circumstance prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the 
purchase price paid by such Noteholder. 
In addition, a failure by Pirelli to satisfy the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Condition and/or the 
Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition, as the case may be, or any such similar sustainability performance 
targets Pirelli may choose to include in any future financings would not only result in increased interest 
payments under Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme or other relevant financing 
arrangements, but could also harm the Pirelli Group’s reputation. Furthermore, Pirelli’s efforts in satisfying 
the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Condition and/or the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition, as the 
case may be, may become controversial or be criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders. Each of 
such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Pirelli Group, its business prospects, its 
financial condition or its results of operations. 
A portion of the Pirelli Group’s indebtedness may include certain triggers linked to sustainability key 
performance indicators 
A portion of the Pirelli Group’s indebtedness may include certain triggers linked to sustainability key 
performance indicators such as Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions, and/or Absolute Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions, as the case may be which must be complied with by Pirelli, and in respect of which a Step Up 
Option applies, if applicable in the Final Terms. The failure to meet any such sustainability key performance 
indicators will result in increased interest amounts under such Notes, which would increase the Pirelli 
Group’s cost of funding and which could have a material adverse effect on the Pirelli Group, its business 
prospects, its financial condition or its results of operations. 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to 
do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
If the Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on any Notes from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, 
this will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to 
convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from

--- Page 33 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 32 - 
IT-New 
 
a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be 
less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer 
converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing market rates. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response 
to changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. 
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Exempt Notes, such as Index 
Linked Notes and Dual Currency Notes. In particular, an investor might receive less interest than 
expected or no interest in respect of such Notes and may lose some or all of the principal amount invested 
by it. 
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest determined by reference to an index or formula, to 
changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements in currency exchange rates or other factors 
(each, a "Relevant Factor"). In addition, the Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest payable in 
one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than 
expected; 
(iv) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(v) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(vi) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or contains 
some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal or interest 
payable likely will be magnified; and 
(vii) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the Relevant 
Factor, the greater the effect on yield. 
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of the 
future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes. Accordingly, each potential 
investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any 
Notes linked to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its particular circumstances. 
Where Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any subsequent instalment of 
the issue price could lose all of its investment 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Any failure by an 
investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of its Notes could result in such 
investor losing all of its investment.

--- Page 34 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 33 - 
IT-New 
 
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier or 
other leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers 
or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related 
features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those 
features. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will have more volatile market values than conventional Floating Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate such as EURIBOR. The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of 
other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise 
comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate 
not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, 
which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Investment in Notes denominated in non-freely convertible currencies is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of any currency against the euro and other foreign currencies fluctuates and is affected by changes 
in international political and economic conditions and by many other factors. Except in limited 
circumstances, all payments of interest and principal will be made in the currency in which the Notes are 
denominated. As a result, the value of these payments in relation to any other currency may vary with the 
prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of the denominated currency depreciates against 
any other foreign currencies, the value of the investment in the other applicable foreign currencies will 
decline. 
The claims of holders of Notes issued by Pirelli are structurally subordinated with respect to entities that 
are not guarantors of the Notes 
The operations of the Pirelli Group are principally conducted through subsidiaries of Pirelli and, in 
particular, through Pirelli Tyre and its subsidiaries. Holders of Notes issued by Pirelli (which may or may 
not be Guaranteed Notes) will not have a claim against any subsidiaries of Pirelli or Pirelli Tyre that are 
not guarantors of the Notes. The assets of Pirelli's non-guarantor subsidiaries, and the assets of Pirelli Tyre's 
subsidiaries, will be subject to prior claims by creditors of those subsidiaries, whether such creditors are 
secured or unsecured. Generally, claims of creditors, including trade creditors, of a non-guarantor 
subsidiary (both secured and unsecured) and claims of preference shareholders (if any) of the subsidiary, 
will have priority with respect to the assets and earnings of the subsidiary over the claims of its parent entity 
as a direct or indirect shareholder. In the event of any foreclosure, dissolution, winding-up, liquidation, 
reorganisation, administration or other bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding of any of Pirelli's non-
guarantor subsidiaries or Pirelli Tyre's subsidiaries, the creditors of Pirelli or, as appropriate, Pirelli Tyre 
(including the holders of Notes) will have no right to proceed against such subsidiary's assets, and creditors 
of such subsidiary, including trade creditors, will generally be entitled to payment in full from the sale or 
other disposal of the assets of such subsidiary before Pirelli or Pirelli Tyre (as appropriate), as direct or 
indirect shareholder, will be entitled to receive any distributions from such subsidiary. As such, Notes 
issued by Pirelli which are Guaranteed Notes will be structurally subordinated to the creditors (including 
trade creditors) and preference shareholders (if any) of Pirelli's or, as appropriate, Pirelli Tyre's non-
guarantor subsidiaries. 
The Guarantee given by the Guarantor may be limited by applicable Italian laws or subject to certain 
defences that may limit their validity and enforceability 
The Guarantee provides Noteholders with a direct claim against the Guarantor in respect of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Notes. Enforcement of each Guarantee would be subject to certain generally available 
defences in the Republic of Italy (where the Guarantor is incorporated), including defences relating to 
corporate benefit, fraudulent conveyance or transfer, voidable preference, corporate purpose, and capital 
maintenance or similar laws, as well as regulations or defences which affect the rights of creditors generally. 
If a court were to find a Guarantee void or unenforceable as a result of such local Italian defences or laws,

--- Page 35 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 34 - 
IT-New 
 
Noteholders would cease to have any claim in respect of the Guarantor and would be creditors solely of the 
Issuer and any remaining Guarantor (if any). 
Enforcement of each Guarantee is subject to the detailed provisions contained in the Conditions, the 
Trust Deed (and any supplemental Trust Deed) 
If and to the extent that any applicable law in force at the relevant time requires that the obligations of the 
Guarantor be capped, the Guarantor shall be liable under the Trust Deed for an amount of up to 115 per 
cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme. As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes that may be issued and 
outstanding under the Programme is €2,000,000,000, subject to adjustment in future in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. Furthermore, under certain circumstances, the Guarantor may be 
released from its obligation to guarantee the Notes and/or a new guarantor may provide a guarantee of the 
Notes, as described in Condition 2.3 (Release and Appointment of Guarantor). 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not contain limitations on the incurrence of additional debt 
by Pirelli or Pirelli Tyre in the future 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not prohibit Pirelli or Pirelli Tyre from issuing, providing 
guarantees or otherwise incurring further debt ranking pari passu with its existing obligations. If any of 
Pirelli or Pirelli Tyre incurs significant additional debt ranking equally with the Notes, it will increase the 
number of claims that would be entitled to share rateably with Noteholders in any proceeds distributed in 
connection with an insolvency, bankruptcy or similar proceeding. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without 
the consent of all investors and confer significant discretions on the Trustee which may be exercised 
without the consent of the Noteholders and without regard to the individual interests of particular 
Noteholders 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of 
Noteholders and without regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, (i) agree to any modification of, 
or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes or 
(ii) determine that any Event of Default shall not be treated as such or (iii) agree to the substitution of 
another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer, in each case in the 
circumstances described in Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution). 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
English law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could 
materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who purchase Notes in denominations that are not an integral multiple of the Specified 
Denomination may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading 
such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account 
with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such 
holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such 
that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.

--- Page 36 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 35 - 
IT-New 
 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Risks relating to Notes denominated in Renminbi 
A description of risks which may be relevant to an investor in Notes denominated in Renminbi ("Renminbi 
Notes") is set out below. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi 
into and out of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") 
continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong dollar. 
However, there has been significant reduction in control by the PRC Government in recent years, 
particularly over trade transactions involving import and export of goods and services as well as other 
frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items. 
On the other hand, remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account 
items, such as capital contributions, debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted 
upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant 
authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on 
the remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for settlement of capital account items are being 
adjusted from time to time to match the policies of the PRC Government. 
Although the People’s Bank of Chine (“pBoC”) has implemented policies improving accessibility to 
Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in the past, there is no assurance that the PRC Government 
will continue to gradually liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that the 
schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC 
will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of 
Renminbi into or out of the PRC. Despite Renminbi internationalisation pilot programme and efforts in 
recent years to internationalise the currency, there can be no assurance that the PRC Government will not 
impose interim or long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of Renminbi. In the event that funds 
cannot be repatriated out of the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under Notes 
denominated in Renminbi. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Notes and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service Renminbi Notes 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. While the pBoC has entered into agreements (the "Settlement 
Arrangements") on the clearing of Renminbi business with financial institutions (the "Renminbi Clearing 
Banks") in a number of financial centres and cities, including but not limited to Hong Kong, has established 
the Cross-Border Inter-Bank Payments System (CIPS) to facilitate cross-border Renminbi settlement and 
is further in the process of establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other 
jurisdictions, the current size of Renminbi denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by pBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-border 
Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from pBoC, although 
pBoC has gradually allowed participating banks to access the PRC's onshore inter-bank market for the 
purchase and sale of Renminbi. The Renminbi Clearing Banks only have limited access to onshore liquidity 
support from pBoC for the purpose of squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of 
transactions and are not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other 
foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. In cases where the participating banks cannot source 
sufficient Renminbi through the above channels, they will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC 
to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its 
growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There

--- Page 37 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 36 - 
IT-New 
 
is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Arrangements will not 
be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi in the offshore market to service 
its Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory 
terms, if at all. 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of Renminbi against other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is affected by 
changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many other factors. the 
pBoC has in recent years implemented changes to the way it calculates the Renminbi's daily mid-point 
against the U.S. dollar to take into account market-maker quotes before announcing such daily mid-point. 
This change, and others that may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi 
against foreign currencies. All payments of interest and principal will be made in Renminbi with respect to 
Renminbi Notes unless otherwise specified. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments may vary 
with the changes in the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi depreciates 
against another foreign currency, the value of the investment made by a holder of the Renminbi Notes in 
that foreign currency will decline. 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to currency risk 
If the Issuer is not able, or it is impracticable for it, to satisfy its obligation to pay interest and principal on 
the Renminbi Notes as a result of CNY Inconvertibility, CNY Non-Transferability or CNY Illiquidity (each, 
as defined in the Conditions), the Issuer shall be entitled, on giving not less than five nor more than 30 
calendar days' irrevocable notice to the investors prior to the due date for payment, to settle any such 
payment in the Relevant Currency (as defined in the Conditions) as may be specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement on the due date at the equivalent amount in such Relevant Currency of any such interest 
or principal, as the case may be. 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risks 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets 
outside the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as a result of 
foreign exchange controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market conditions. 
As Renminbi Notes may carry a fixed interest rate, the trading price of the Renminbi Notes will 
consequently vary with the fluctuations in the Renminbi interest rates. If holders of the Renminbi Notes 
propose to sell their Renminbi Notes before their maturity, they may receive an offer lower than the amount 
they have invested. 
Payments with respect to the Renminbi Notes may be made only in the manner designated in the 
Renminbi Notes 
All payments to investors in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made solely (i) for so long as the 
Renminbi Notes are represented by global certificates held with the common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be, for Clearstream Banking S.A. and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. or any 
alternative clearing system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong, (ii) for so 
long as the Renminbi Notes are represented by global certificates lodged with a sub-custodian for or 
registered with the CMU, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong in accordance 
with prevailing CMU rules and procedures and (iii) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are in definitive 
form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong. The Issuer cannot be required to 
make payment by any other means (including in any other currency or by transfer to a bank account in the 
PRC). 
Gains on the transfer of the Renminbi Notes may become subject to income taxes under PRC tax laws 
Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules, as amended from time to time, any gain realised on the transfer of Renminbi Notes by 
non-PRC resident enterprise or individual Holders may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax ("EIT") 
or PRC individual income tax ("IIT") if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the

--- Page 38 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 37 - 
IT-New 
 
PRC. The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law levies EIT at the rate of 20 per cent. of the PRC-sourced gains 
derived by such non-PRC resident enterprise from the transfer of Renminbi Notes but its implementation 
rules have reduced the EIT rate to 10 per cent. The PRC Individual Income Tax Law levies IIT at a rate of 
20 per cent. of the PRC-sourced gains derived by such non-PRC resident individual Holder from the transfer 
of Renminbi Notes. 
However, uncertainty remains as to whether the gain realised from the transfer of Renminbi Notes by non-
PRC resident enterprise or individual Holders would be treated as income derived from sources within the 
PRC and thus become subject to EIT or IIT. This will depend on how the PRC tax authorities interpret, 
apply or enforce the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules. According to the arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong, for avoidance of 
double taxation, Holders who are residents of Hong Kong, including enterprise Holders and individual 
Holders, will not be subject to EIT or IIT on capital gains derived from a sale or exchange of the Notes. 
Therefore, if enterprise or individual resident Holders which are non-PRC residents are required to pay 
PRC income tax on gains derived from the transfer of Renminbi Notes, unless there is an applicable tax 
treaty between PRC and the jurisdiction in which such non-PRC enterprise or individual Holders of 
Renminbi Notes reside that reduces or exempts the relevant EIT or IIT, the value of their investment in 
Renminbi Notes may be materially and adversely affected. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Although applications have been made for the Notes to be admitted to 
the official list and trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market there can be no assurance 
that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted, or that an 
active trading market will develop or, if developed, that it will continue. Therefore, investors may not be 
able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives 
or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. 
These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, 
depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and 
the financial condition of the Issuer and the Guarantor as the case may be.  
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, it will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the imposition 
of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those 
Notes 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those 
Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed 
Notes) will make any payments under the Guarantee in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on

--- Page 39 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 38 - 
IT-New 
 
the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if the Notes 
are Guaranteed Notes) to make payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less 
interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.  
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. In such 
case the fixed amount of interest an investor receives may be less than the amount it would have received 
had it invested in Notes with a floating rate of interest. Such risk may be realized if an investor is required 
to sell such Notes before the maturity of the Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 39 - 
IT-New 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Pirelli 
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated by reference in, and 
form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
 
the consolidated annual financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 of Pirelli, 
prepared in accordance with IFRS, audited by PwC, which issued its report on 24 March 2022;  
 
the consolidated annual financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 of Pirelli, 
prepared in accordance with IFRS, audited by PwC, which issued its report on 2 April 2021; and 
 
the consolidated annual financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2019 of Pirelli, 
prepared in accordance with IFRS, audited by PwC, which issued its report on 20 March 2020. 
Pirelli Tyre 
The separate annual financial statements as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2021, 2020 
and 2019 of Pirelli Tyre, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the 
Republic of Italy and incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, have been audited by PwC. The 
audit reports of PwC are available to the public and incorporated by reference herein.  
Alternative performance indicators 
The documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus contain certain performance measures 
which, although not recognised as financial measures under International Financial Reporting Standards 
("IFRS") and under generally accepted accounting principles in the Republic of Italy are used by the 
management of Pirelli and Pirelli Tyre to monitor their financial and operating performance. These 
Alternative performance indicators are unaudited and should not be considered as an alternative to operating 
income or net income or any other performance measures recognised as being in accordance with IFRS or 
generally accepted accounting principles in the Republic of Italy or any other generally accepted accounting 
principles. Even if they are used by management to monitor the underlying performance of the business 
and operations, alternative performance indicators presented in this Base Prospectus may differ from those 
adopted by other groups and therefore may not be comparable and they are not predictive of our future 
performance neither indicative of the historical operating results of the Issuer. Since these measures are not 
measures whose calculation is governed by the accounting standards applicable to the preparation of the 
consolidated financial statements and are not subject to audit, the criteria that Pirelli and Pirelli Tyre apply 
for their calculation may not be consistent with those adopted by other entities and therefore the alternative 
performance measures used herein may not be comparable with similarly titled data presented by other 
companies or groups. Furthermore, Alternative performance indicators are presented consistently for all 
the periods for which financial information is included in this Base Prospectus and should be read in 
conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements. In particular our Alternative performance 
indicator are as follows:  
 
EBITDA: is equal to EBIT, but excludes the depreciation and amortisation of property, plant and 
equipment and intangible assets. EBITDA is used to measure the ability to generate earnings, 
excluding the impacts deriving from investments; 
 
EBITDA adjusted: is an alternative measure to EBITDA which excludes non-recurring, 
restructuring and one-off expenses, COVID-19 direct costs and expenses relative to the retention 
plan approved by the Board of Directors on February 26, 2018; 
 
EBITDA adjusted without start-up costs: is equal to the EBITDA adjusted but excludes the 
contribution to the EBITDA of start-up costs related to the Cyber and Velo Activities and costs 
sustained for the digital transformation of the Group. At December 31, 2018 this measure also 
included costs for the conversion of Aeolus brand car products; 
 
EBITDA margin: is calculated by dividing EBITDA by revenues from sales and services. This 
measure is used to evaluate operating efficiency, excluding the impacts deriving from investments;

--- Page 41 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 40 - 
IT-New 
 
 
EBITDA margin adjusted: is calculated by dividing EBITDA adjusted by revenues from sales and 
services. This measure is used to evaluate operating efficiency, excluding the impacts deriving 
from investments, operating costs attributable to non-recurring, restructuring and one-off 
expenses, COVID-19 direct costs and expenses relative to the retention plan approved by the 
Board of Directors on February 26, 2018; 
 
EBIT: is an intermediate measure which is derived from the net income/(loss), but which excludes 
taxes, financial income, financial expenses, and net income/(loss) from equity investments. EBIT 
is used to measure the ability to generate earnings, including the impacts deriving from 
investments; 
 
EBIT adjusted: is an alternative measure to EBIT which excludes the amortisation of intangible 
assets relative to assets recognised as a consequence of Business Combinations, operating costs 
attributable to non-recurring, restructuring and one-off expenses, COVID-19 direct costs, 
expenses relating to the retention plan approved by the Board of Directors on February 26, 2018; 
and the benefit derived from tax credits in Brazil and costs relative to the renegotiation of certain 
commercial agreements as applicable to each financial year; 
 
EBIT margin: is calculated by dividing EBIT by revenues from sales and services. This measure 
is used to evaluate operating efficiency; 
 
EBIT margin adjusted: is calculated by dividing EBIT adjusted by revenues from sales and 
services. This measure is used to evaluate operating efficiency excluding the amortisation of 
intangible assets relating to assets recognised as a consequence of Business Combinations, 
operating costs attributable to non-recurring, restructuring and one-off expenses, COVID-19 direct 
costs, and expenses relating to the retention plan approved by the Board of Directors on February 
26, 2018;  
 
Net income/(loss) adjusted: is calculated by excluding the following items from the net 
income/(loss): 
- 
the amortisation of intangible assets relative to assets recognised as a consequence of Business 
Combinations, operating costs attributable to non-recurring, restructuring and one-off 
expenses, COVID-19 direct costs, and expenses relative to the retention plan approved by the 
Board of Directors on February 26, 2018; 
- 
non-recurring expenses/income recognised under financial income and expenses; 
- 
non-recurring expenses/income recognised under taxes, as well as the tax impact of the 
adjustments referred to in the previous points; 
 
Fixed assets: this measure is constituted of the sum of the Financial Statement items, "Property, 
plant and equipment", "Intangible assets", "Investments in associates and joint ventures", "Other 
financial assets at fair value through other Comprehensive Income" and "Other non-current 
financial assets at fair value through the Income Statement". Fixed assets represent the non-current 
assets included in the net invested capital; 
 
Net operating working capital: this measure is constituted by the sum of "Inventory", "Trade 
receivables" and "Trade payables"; 
 
Net working capital: this measure is constituted by the net operating working capital, and by other 
receivables and payables and derivative financial instruments not included in the net financial 
position. This measure represents the short-term assets and liabilities included in the net invested 
capital, and is used to measure short-term financial stability; 
 
Net invested capital: this measure is constituted by the sum of (i) fixed assets, and (ii) net working 
capital. Net invested capital is used to represent the investment of financial resources; 
 
Provisions: this measure is constituted by the sum of "Provisions for liabilities and charges 
(current and non-current)", "Provisions for employee benefit obligations (current and 
noncurrent)", "other non-current assets", "deferred tax liabilities" and "deferred tax assets";

--- Page 42 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 41 - 
IT-New 
 
 
Net financial debt: is calculated pursuant to the CONSOB Notice dated July 28, 2006, and in 
compliance with the ESMA guidelines on disclosure requirements pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation applicable as of May 5, 2021. Net financial debt represents borrowings from banks and 
other financial institutions net of cash and cash equivalents, of other current financial assets at fair 
value through the Income Statement, of current financial receivables (included in the Financial 
Statements under "Other receivables"), and of derivative financial instruments included in the net 
financial position (included in the Financial Statements under "Derivative financial instruments" 
as current assets, current liabilities and non-current liabilities); 
 
Net financial position: this measure represents the net financial debt less, the "non-current financial 
receivables" (included in the Financial Statements under "Other receivables"), and the portion of 
non-current derivative financial instruments that is included in the net financial position (included 
in the Financial Statements under "Derivative financial instruments" as non-current assets). Net 
financial position is an alternative measure to net financial debt which includes non-current 
financial assets; 
 
Liquidity margin: this measure is constituted by the sum of the Financial Statement items "Cash 
and cash equivalents", "Other financial assets at fair value through the Income Statement" and 
the committed but non-utilised credit facilities; 
 
Operating net cash flow: is calculated as the change in the net financial position relative to 
operations; 
 
Net cash flow before dividends, extraordinary transactions and investments: is calculated by 
adding the change in the net financial position due to financial and tax management, to the 
operating net cash flow; 
 
Net cash flow before dividends paid by the Parent company and convertible bond impact: is 
calculated by adding the change in the net financial position due to extraordinary transactions and 
the management of investments, to the net cash flow before dividends and extraordinary 
transactions/investments; 
 
Net cash flow before dividends paid by the Parent company: is calculated by adding the impact on 
the net financial position due to the recognition of the convertible bond, if any, to the net cash flow 
before dividends paid by the Parent company and convertible bond impact; 
 
Net cash flow: is calculated by subtracting the dividends paid by the Parent company, from the net 
cash flow before dividends paid by the Parent company; 
 
Investments in intangible and owned tangible assets (CapEx): this is calculated as the sum of 
investments (increases) in intangible assets, and investments (increases) in property, plant and 
equipment excluding any increases relative to the right of use; 
 
Increases in the right of use: is calculated as the increases in the right of use relative to lease 
contracts; 
 
Ratio of investments to depreciation: this is calculated by dividing the investments (increases) in 
owned tangible assets with the depreciation for the period. The ratio of investments to depreciation 
is used to measure the ability to maintain or restore amounts for property, plant and equipment; 
 
ROIC: this is calculated as the ratio between the EBIT adjusted net of tax effects, and the average 
net invested capital net of provisions which does not include "Investments in associated companies 
and joint ventures", "Other financial assets at fair value through other Comprehensive Income", 
"Other non-current financial assets at fair value through the Income Statement", "Other non-
current assets", the intangible assets relative to assets recognised as a consequence of Business 
Combinations, the deferred tax liabilities relative to the latter, and "Provisions for employee benefit 
obligations (current and non-current)". ROIC was introduced in 2020 as a substitute of ROI and 
was presented also for 2019 for comparative purposes; 
 
ROI: this is calculated as the ratio between the EBIT adjusted, and the average net invested capital 
excluding “Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures”, “Other financial assets at fair value

--- Page 43 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 42 - 
IT-New 
 
through other Comprehensive Income”, “Other non current financial assets at fair value through 
the Income Statement” and the intangible assets relative to assets recognised as a consequence of 
Business Combinations.

--- Page 44 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 43 - 
IT-New 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, included in the cross-reference list, which have previously been published and 
have been filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
Document 
Information 
incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
The consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2021 of Pirelli and available at  
https://psi-dotcom-prd.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/corporate/PIRELLI_ANNUAL_REPORT_2021.pdf 
 
 
 
Report 
on 
responsible 
management 
of 
the value chain – 
consolidated non-
financial 
disclosure 
pursuant 
to 
legislative decree 
of December 
30, 2016, n. 254 
67 
 
Consolidated 
Statement 
of 
Financial Position 
379 
 
Consolidated 
income statement 
380 
 
Consolidated 
statement 
of 
comprehensive 
income 
381 
 
Consolidated 
statement 
of 
changes in equity 
382 
 
Consolidated 
statement of cash 
flows 
383 
 
Explanatory notes 
384 
 
Independent 
auditor's report 
601 
The consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2020 of Pirelli and available at  
https://psi-dotcom-prd.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/corporate/PIRELLI_ANNUAL_REPORT_2020_ENG_INTERATTIVO.pdf 
 
 
 
Consolidated 
Statement of 
Financial Position 
256 
 
Consolidated 
income statement 
257 
 
Consolidated 
statement of other 
comprehensive 
income 
258 
 
Consolidated 
statement of 
changes in equity 
259 
 
Consolidated 
statement of cash 
flows 
261 
 
Explanatory notes 
262 
 
Independent 
auditor's report 
456

--- Page 45 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 44 - 
IT-New 
 
Document 
Information 
incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2019 of Pirelli and available at 
https://psi-dotcom-prd.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/corporate/PIRELLI_2019_ANNUAL_REPORT_ENG.pdf 
 
 
 
Consolidated 
Statement of 
Financial Position 
224 
 
Consolidated 
income statement 
225 
 
Consolidated 
statement of other 
comprehensive 
income 
226 
 
Consolidated 
statement of 
changes in equity 
227 
 
Consolidated 
statement of cash 
flows 
229 
 
Explanatory notes 
230 
 
 
 
The separate annual financial statements for the financial year ended 
31 December 2021 of Pirelli Tyre and available at  
https://psi-dotcom-prd.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/corporate/P_TYRE-Financial_Statements_31_12_2021_EN.pdf 
Independent 
auditor's report 
 
 
447 
 
Balance sheet 
25 
 
Income Statement 
27 
 
Cash Flow 
Statement 
28 
 
Notes to the 
financial 
statements 
29 
 
Independent 
auditor's report 
 
75 
 
 
 
The separate annual financial statements for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020 of Pirelli Tyre and available at 
https://psi-dotcom-prd.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/corporate/Pirelli_Tyre_Financial_Statements-Paginated_and_searchable_2.pdf 
 
 
 
Balance sheet 
29 
 
Income Statement 
31 
 
Cash Flow 
Statement 
32 
 
Explanatory notes 
to the financial 
statements 
33 
 
 
 
 
Independent 
auditor's report 
 
85 
The separate annual financial statements for the financial year ended 
31 December 2019 of Pirelli Tyre and available at 
 https://psi-dotcom-prd.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/corporate/7222_P-TYRE-Financial_Statements_31.12.2019_EN.pdf 
 
 
 
Balance sheet 
26 
 
Income Statement 
28 
 
Cash Flow 
Statement 
29

--- Page 46 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 45 - 
IT-New 
 
Document 
Information 
incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
 
Explanatory notes 
to the financial 
statements 
30 
 
Independent 
auditor's report 
 
75 
The press release headed "Press Release" disseminated by Pirelli on 
31 March 2021 and available at  
https://press.pirelli.com/download/1006754/cs-pirelli-industrialplan2021-2022-31marzo2021-eng-2.pdf 
 
 
Entire Document 
 
 
The press release headed "Press Release" disseminated by Pirelli on 
11 October 2021 and available at  
https://press.pirelli.com/download/1088099/cspirelli-adempimentiexart.130reconsob-11ottobre2021-ita-eng.pdf 
 
 
Entire Document 
 
 
The press release headed “Calendar of company events for 2022“ 
disseminated by Pirelli on 21 December 2021 and available at  
https://press.pirelli.com/download/1120418/cs-pirelli-comunicatostampacalendarioeventi-2022-21dicembre2021-eng.pdf 
 
 
 
 
 
Entire Document 
 
 
The press release headed “Pirelli confirmed “S&P Global Gold Class” 
in sustainability“ disseminated by Pirelli on 1 February 2022 and 
available at  
https://press.pirelli.com/download/1134646/cs-pirelli-gold-yearbook2022-1-febbraio-2022-ita-eng.pdf 
 
 
 
Entire Document 
 
The press release headed “Pirelli: Fitch Ratings and S&P Global 
Ratings assign investment grade rating” disseminated by Pirelli on 23 
February 2022 and available at  
https://press.pirelli.com/download/1142897/cs-pirelli-rating-23febbraio2022-ita-eng.pdf 
 
Entire Document 
 
 
The press release headed “Pirelli: Science Based Targets Initiative 
(SBTI) validates new targets for the reduction greenhouse emissions” 
disseminated by Pirelli on 9 May 2022 and available at 
https://press.pirelli.com/download/1171624/cseng-pirelli-sbti20220509.pdf 
 
Entire Document 
 
The press release headed “The Board of Pirelli & c. SPA approved 
consolidated results to 31 March 2022” disseminated by Pirelli on 10 
May 2022 and available at  
https://press.pirelli.com/download/1172211/cs-pirelli-1trimestre2022-10maggio2022-eng-10maggio-eng-cda.pdf 
 
Entire Document 
 
Only the parts of the above mentioned documents which are included in the cross-reference list are 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and the parts of the above mentioned documents which 
are not incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus are either not relevant for investors or covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any 
such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document 
which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall 
not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered 
offices of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being in Luxembourg 
and will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 47 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 46 - 
IT-New 
 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any 
Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 48 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 47 - 
IT-New 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantor (if any) and of the rights 
attaching to the Notes. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme 
the Issuer and the Guarantor (if any) have included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information 
except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and 
which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required 
in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in 
the Final Terms (or in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement) or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms 
are the Conditions described in the Final Terms as completed to the extent described in the Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the Final 
Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor and the relevant Notes or (2) by a registration document 
(the "Registration Document") containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, a securities note (the "Securities Note") containing the necessary information relating to the 
relevant Notes and, if necessary, a summary note.

--- Page 49 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 48 - 
IT-New 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to 
"applicable Pricing Supplement" where relevant. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global 
note (a "Temporary Global Note") or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global 
note (a "Permanent Global Note") which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will 
also indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for 
NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and 
any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will 
be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended 
to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that 
the beneficial owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for 
resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like 
certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described 
therein either for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) definitive Notes of the 
same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period as is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above 
unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled 
to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon 
due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for 
definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) 
of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) 
without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons 
attached upon either (a) not less than 60 days' written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) to the 
Agent as described therein or (b) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, 
"Exchange Event" means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 8 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement)) has occurred and is continuing; or (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or

--- Page 50 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 49 - 
IT-New 
 
have in fact done so and no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available; or (iii) the 
Issuer would suffer a disadvantage as a result of a change in laws or regulations (taxation or otherwise) or 
as a result of a change in practice of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg which would not be 
suffered were the Notes in definitive form and a certificate to such effect signed by two Authorised 
Signatories is given to the Trustee. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Permanent Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange and, in the event 
of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Agent requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant 
notice by the Agent. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global 
form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to 
the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled 
to deduct any loss on Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment 
in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such 
Notes, receipts or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Agent shall 
request that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an 
existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further 
Tranche are assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN 
assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated 
and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
No Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or 
any Guarantor unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable 
period and the failure shall be continuing.

--- Page 51 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 50 - 
IT-New 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS IN RELATION TO NOTES OTHER THAN EXEMPT NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are not 
Exempt Notes issued under the Programme.  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU ("EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, 
(the "EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the EU  PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[EU MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the [Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")][EU 
MiFID II]; or/and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")]/[distributor] should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]1 
 
 
1 
Square brackets or wording to be removed as appropriate for each issuance.

--- Page 52 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 51 - 
IT-New 
 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (as modified or 
amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons 
(as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products "]/["capital 
markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
[Date] 
 
Pirelli & C. S.p.A. 
(the "Issuer") 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[Guaranteed by 
Pirelli Tyre S.p.A.] 
under the €2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated [•] May 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 5.4 of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus and any 
supplements thereto. Full information on the Issuer [, the Guarantor] and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base 
Prospectus and any supplements thereto, and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Final Terms will also be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.) 
 
 
 
1. 
Guarantor: 
[Pirelli Tyre S.p.A./Not Applicable] (subject to 
Condition 2.3 (Release and Appointment of 
Guarantor)) 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 24 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[●]

--- Page 53 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 52 - 
IT-New 
 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
 
[(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].")] 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate - specify date/ 
 
 
Floating rate - Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [specify month and year]]2 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] [, subject to the Step Up 
Option] 
 
 
[●] [EURIBOR]+/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate] [, 
subject to the Step Up Option] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[specify other] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
 
 
2 
Note that for Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are subject 
to modification it will be necessary to use the option as per Floating Rate Notes, i.e. "Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and year]".

--- Page 54 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 53 - 
IT-New 
 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 
15 below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Call Option: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes and Guarantee obtained: 
[●] and [●], respectively 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes or related Guarantee) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up Option]/[The 
Notes are not subject to the Step Up Option] 
[The Initial Rate of Interest is – delete unless the 
Notes are subject to the Step Up Option] [●] per 
cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
 
 
[Interest Payment Date Adjustment [applies/does 
not apply]]3 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form.) 
[Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and 
the Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
CNY0.01, CNY0.005 being rounded upwards.]3  
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]][Not Applicable] 
 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form.) 
 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/365 
(Fixed)3] 
 
 
3 
Applicable to Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 55 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 54 - 
IT-New 
 
 
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon) 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up Option]/[The 
Notes are not subject to the Step Up Option] 
[●], [subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/[specify other]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[●] 
 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
Reference Rate and 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[●] month [EURIBOR/specify other Reference 
Rate]. 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR) 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)

--- Page 56 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 55 - 
IT-New 
 
 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[●]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
 
(h) 
Margin(s): 
[The initial Margin is – delete unless the Notes are 
Step Up Notes] [+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(i) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(j) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(k) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
(See Condition 4 (Interest) for alternatives) 
16. 
Step Up Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a)  
Scope 1 and Scope 2 Step Up 
Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions 
Observation Date: [●] 
(ii) 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions 
Percentage : [●] per cent. 
(iii) 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions 
Event Step Up Margin: [[●] per cent. per 
annum/Cumulative Step Up Margin is applicable] 
(b)  
Scope 3 Step Up Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 57 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 56 - 
IT-New 
 
(i) 
Scope 3 GHG Emissions Observation 
Date: [●] 
(ii) 
Scope 3 GHG Emissions Percentage : [●] 
per cent. 
(iii) 
Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event Step Up 
Margin: [[●] per cent. per annum/Cumulative Step 
Up Margin is applicable] 
(c)          Cumulative Step Up Event: 
[Applicable. [the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
Emissions Event] [and] [the Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions Event] shall be a Cumulative Step Up 
Event] / [Not Applicable] 
(d)  
Cumulative Step Up Margin 
[Applicable. [[●] per cent. per annum/The aggregate 
of [Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Event Step 
Up Margin] [and] [the Scope 3 GHG Emissions 
Event Step Up Margin] / [Not Applicable] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Notice periods for Condition 6.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons): 
Minimum period: [●] days Maximum period: [●] 
days 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
and 
method, 
if 
any, 
of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(c)  
Partial Redemption  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●]

--- Page 58 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 57 - 
IT-New 
 
 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [●] days Maximum period: [●] 
days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent or 
Trustee) 
20. 
Make-Whole Issuer Call 
 
 
(a) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[●] per cent.] 
 
(b) 
Reference Bond: 
[insert applicable reference bond] 
 
(c) 
Reference Dealers: 
[[●]] 
 
(d)  
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
21. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, 
the Notes will need to be Exempt Notes) 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [●] days Maximum period: [●] 
days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent or 
Trustee) 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[100 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes] / [[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(NB: Only Zero Coupon Notes may be redeemed at 
an amount different from 100 per cent. of their 
principal amount)

--- Page 59 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 58 - 
IT-New 
 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for tax reasons or on event of 
default: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [●] days' notice/at any time/in 
the 
limited 
circumstances 
specified 
in 
the 
Permanent Global Note]* 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on [●] days' notice] 
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on [●] days' notice/at any time/in 
the 
limited 
circumstances 
specified 
in 
the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005.] 
 
 
*(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 
includes language substantially to the following 
effect: "[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]." 
 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to which 
sub-paragraphs 15(c) relates) 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
27. 
CNY Currency Event (Only applicable 
to CNY Notes): 
[CNY Illiquidity] 
 
 
[CNY Inconvertibility] 
 
 
[CNY Non-Transferability] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
28. 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Alternate 
Settlement 
Rate 
(Only 
applicable to CNY Notes): 
[[Insert name] (the "Alternate Settlement Rate 
Determination Agent")]

--- Page 60 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 59 - 
IT-New 
 
29. 
Relevant Currency (Only applicable to 
CNY Notes): 
[U.S. dollars/euro/Sterling/Not Applicable] 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Pirelli & C. S.p.A.: 
[Signed on behalf of Pirelli Tyre S.p.A.: 
 
 
By:  ........................................................................  
By:  ........................................................................ 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 61 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 60 - 
IT-New 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
30. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated 
market and listing on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange with effect from 
[●].] 
 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market and listing on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange with effect 
from [●].] 
 
 
[The [original Notes] are already admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market] (insert in case of fungible issue 
if the original Notes are already admitted to 
trading) 
 
 
[Not Applicable.] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[●] 
31. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected 
to be rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.) 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the 
UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").  [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date 
of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.].  [The rating [Insert

--- Page 62 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 61 - 
IT-New 
 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation ").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the 
CRA Regulation (UK).] 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the CRA Regulation but has 
applied for registration and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified 
under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation"), although notification of 
the corresponding registration decision has not 
yet been provided by the [relevant competent 
authority] /[European Securities and Markets 
Authority].  [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date 
of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA

--- Page 63 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 62 - 
IT-New 
 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
not applied for registration and details of 
whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and is neither registered nor has it 
applied for registration under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").  [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date 
of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.].  [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation (UK)").] /[[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the 
EEA or certified under the EU CRA Regulation

--- Page 64 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 63 - 
IT-New 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").  [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date 
of most recent list]) on [FCA].  [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes to 
be issued under the Programme is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").] [[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or 
the UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA 
which is established and registered under the 
CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the CRA 
Regulation (UK) 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK but the rating it has given 
to the Notes to be issued under the Programme is 
endorsed by [[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation")]. 
 
 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or 
the UK and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation but CRA is certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation AND/OR under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established

--- Page 65 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 64 - 
IT-New 
 
in the EEA or the UK but is certified under 
[Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation")][and][ Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"]. 
 
 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA 
or the UK nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU 
CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK and is not certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in either the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
32. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflicting interest, that is material 
to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied 
by the inclusion of the following statement: 
 
"Save for any fees of [insert as appropriate] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. 
The [Managers/Dealers] and/or their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
financing, investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
other services for, the Issuer and the Guarantor and their affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business. - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 16 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.) 
33. 
ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
 
 
34. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●]

--- Page 66 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 65 - 
IT-New 
 
 
 
The yield specified above is as calculated at the 
Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not 
an indication of future yield. 
35. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Notes only) 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/ specify other 
Reference Rate] rates can be obtained from 
[Reuters]. 
 
 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [EURIBOR/CMS RATE] 
which 
is 
provided 
by 
[ICE 
Benchmark 
Administration Limited/ European Money Markets 
Institute/specify other]. As at [], [ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited/ European Money Markets 
Institute/specify other] [appears/does not appear] 
on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 
36 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the "BMR"). 
 
 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[[] does/do] not fall 
within the scope of the BMR by virtue of Article 2 
of that regulation] / [the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply], 
such that [] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration.]] 
36. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[●]  
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●]  
 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(v) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
[●]  
 
(vi) 
Deemed delivery of clearing 
system notices for the purposes of 
Condition 12 (Notices): 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the 
clearing systems will be deemed to have been 
given on the [second] [business] day after the day 
on which it was given to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
 
(vii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being

--- Page 67 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 66 - 
IT-New 
 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/ 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
37. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(i) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(ii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[●]  
 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable /Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products 
and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products, "Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 68 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 67 - 
IT-New 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT IN RELATION TO EXEMPT NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU ("EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended 
(the "EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the EU  PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[EU MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the [Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")][EU 
MiFID II]; or/and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")]/[distributor] should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]4 
 
 
4 
Square brackets or wording to be removed as appropriate for each issuance.

--- Page 69 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 68 - 
IT-New 
 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (as modified or 
amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons 
(as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products "]/["capital 
markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE EU PROSPECTUS REGULATION, 
FOR THE ISSUE OF THE NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW 
[Date] 
 
Pirelli & C. S.p.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] 
[Title of Notes] 
[Guaranteed by 
[Pirelli Tyre S.p.A.] 
under the 
€2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which 
no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 16 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein. This document must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [•] 2022 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated 
[date[s]]] (the "Base Prospectus"). Full information on the Issuer [, the Guarantor] and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. 
Copies of the Base Prospectus may be obtained from [address]. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus [dated [original date] which are incorporated by reference 
in the Base Prospectus]. 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.) 
 
1. 
(a) 
Issuer: 
Pirelli & C. S.p.A. 
 
(b) 
Guarantor: 
[Pirelli Tyre S.p.A./ Not Applicable] 
 
 
(subject 
to 
Condition 
2.3 
(Release 
and 
Appointment of Guarantor)) 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[●]  
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[●]  
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as

--- Page 70 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 69 - 
IT-New 
 
referred to in paragraph 26 below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●]  
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[●]  
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[●]  
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●]  
 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of €100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. 
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].") 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●]  
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[●]  
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/ 
 
 
Floating rate – Interest Payment Date falling in 
or nearest to [specify month and year]]5 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] [, subject to the Step Up 
Option] 
 
 
5 
Note that for Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are subject 
to modification it will be necessary to use the second option here.

--- Page 71 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 70 - 
IT-New 
 
 
 
[●] [EURIBOR]+/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate] [, 
subject to the Step Up Option] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[Index Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Dual Currency Interest] 
 
 
[specify other] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
 
 
[Dual Currency Redemption] 
 
 
[Partly Paid] 
 
 
[Instalment] 
 
 
[specify other] 
11. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of 
Notes 
into 
another 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Change of Control Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
Date Board approval for issuance of Notes 
and Guarantee obtained: 
[●] and [●], respectively 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes or related Guarantee) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not 
applicable, delete 
the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up 
Option]/[The Notes are not subject to the Step Up 
Option] 
[The Initial Rate of Interest is – delete unless the 
Notes are subject to the Step Up Option] [●] per 
cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date

--- Page 72 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 71 - 
IT-New 
 
 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
 
 
[Interest Payment Date Adjustment [applies/does 
not apply]]6 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form.) 
[Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be calculated 
by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest 
and the Calculation Amount by the Day Count 
Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest CNY0.01, CNY0.005 being rounded 
upwards.]7 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form.) 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] ][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/365 
(Fixed)3 / specify other] 
 
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon) 
 
(g) 
Other terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest for Fixed 
Rate Notes which are Exempt 
Notes: 
[None/specify other terms] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not 
applicable, delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Specified Period(s) / Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up 
Option]/[The Notes are not subject to the Step Up 
Option] 
[●], [subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/ 
not subject to any adjustment as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/[specify other]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
6 
Applicable to Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes only. 
7 
Applicable to Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 73 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 72 - 
IT-New 
 
 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●]  
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
/ 
ISDA 
Determination / specify other] 
 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[●]  
 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
Reference 
Rate 
and 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●] month [EURIBOR / specify other Reference 
Rate]. 
 
 
[London/Brussels / specify other Relevant 
Financial Centre] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●]  
 
 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR) 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]  
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●]  
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]  
 
 
Reset Date: 
[●]  
 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
 
(h) 
Margin(s): 
[The initial Margin is – delete unless the Notes 
are Step Up Notes] [+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(i) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(j) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(k) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]

--- Page 74 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 73 - 
IT-New 
 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Other] 
 
 
(See Condition 4 (Interest) for alternatives) 
 
(l) 
Fallback 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating 
to 
the 
method 
of 
calculating interest on Floating 
Rate Notes which are Exempt 
Notes, if different from those set 
out in the Conditions: 
[●]  
 
Step Up Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a)  
Scope 1 and Scope 2 Step Up 
Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Scope 1 and Scope 2  [●] Emissions 
Observation Date: [●] 
(ii) 
Scope 1 and Scope 2  [●] Emissions 
Percentage : [●] per cent. 
(iii) 
Scope 1 and Scope 2  [●] Emissions 
Event Step Up Margin: [[●] per cent. per 
annum/Cumulative 
Step 
Up 
Margin 
is 
applicable] 
 
(b)  
Scope 3 Step Up Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not 
applicable, delete 
the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Scope 3  [●] Emissions Observation 
Date: [●] 
(ii) 
Scope 3  [●] Emissions Percentage : [●] 
per cent. 
(iii) 
Scope 3  [●] Emissions Event Step Up 
Margin: [[●] per cent. per annum/Cumulative 
Step Up Margin is applicable] 
 
(c) Cumulative Step Up Event: 
[Applicable. [the Scope 1 and Scope 2 [●] 
Emissions Event] [and] [the Scope 3 [●] 
Emissions Event] shall be a Cumulative Step Up 
Event] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(d)  
Cumulative Step Up Margin 
[Appliable. [[●] per cent. per annum/The 
aggregate of [Scope 1 and Scope 2 [●] Emissions 
Event Step Up Margin] [and] [the Scope 3 [●] 
Emissions Event Step Up Margin] / [Not 
Applicable] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 75 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 74 - 
IT-New 
 
 
 
(If not 
applicable, delete 
the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[●]  
 
(c) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[●]  
 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] [Actual/360] 
 
 
[Actual/365] 
17. 
Index Linked Interest Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not 
applicable, delete 
the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Index/Formula: 
(give or annex details) 
 
(b) 
Calculation Agent 
[●] (give name) 
 
(c) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest (if not the 
Calculation Agent) and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[●]  
 
(d) 
Provisions for determining Coupon 
where calculation by reference to 
Index and/or Formula is impossible 
or impracticable: 
[●] (need to include a description of market 
disruption or settlement disruption events and 
adjustment provisions) 
 
(e) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●]  
 
(f) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/specify other] 
 
(g) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●]  
 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[●]  
18. 
Dual Currency Interest Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not 
applicable, delete 
the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate 
of 
Exchange/method 
of 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[give or annex details]

--- Page 76 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 75 - 
IT-New 
 
 
(b) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the Agent): 
[●]  
 
(c) 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation by reference to Rate of 
Exchange 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
[●] (need to include a description of market 
disruption or settlement disruption events and 
adjustment provisions) 
 
(d) 
Person at whose option Specified 
Currency(ies) is/are payable: 
[●]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Notice 
periods 
for 
Condition 
6.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons) Minimum 
period: [●] days Maximum period: [●] days: 
 
20. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not 
applicable, delete 
the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●]  
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/ specify other/see 
Appendix] 
 
(d)  
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●]  
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●]  
 
(g) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [●] days Maximum period: [●] 
days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent or Trustee) 
21. 
Make-Whole Issuer Call 
 
 
(a) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[●] per cent.] 
 
(b) 
Reference Bond: 
[insert applicable reference bond] 
 
(c) 
Reference Dealers: 
[[●]] 
 
(d) 
If redeemable in part:

--- Page 77 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 76 - 
IT-New 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
22. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not 
applicable, delete 
the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●]  
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount and 
[[●] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/specify other/see method, 
if any, of calculation of Appendix] 
such amount(s): 
 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [●] days Maximum period: [●] 
days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent or Trustee) 
23. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not 
applicable, delete 
the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [●] days Maximum period: [●] 
days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent or Trustee) 
24. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
25. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for tax reasons or on event of 
default and/or the method of calculating the 
same (if required or if different from that set 
out in Condition 0 (Early Redemption 
Amounts): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix]

--- Page 78 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 77 - 
IT-New 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes on [●] days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note]* 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [●] days' notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [●] days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depository or other institution for the purpose of 
their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 
of the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005.8] 
 
 
*(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time 
options should not be expressed to be applicable 
if the Specified Denomination of the Notes in 
paragraph 6 includes language substantially to 
the following effect: "[€100,000] and integral 
multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [€199,000]." 
 
(b) 
[New Global Note: 
[Yes][No]] 
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/additional financial centre(s)] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to 
which sub-paragraphs 15(c) and 17(g) relate) 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
29. 
CNY Currency Event (Only applicable to 
CNY Notes): 
[CNY Illiquidity] 
[CNY Inconvertibility] 
 
 
[CNY Non-Transferability] 
 
 
[specify CNY Currency Event] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
8 
Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 79 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 78 - 
IT-New 
 
30. 
Alternate Settlement Rate (if different from 
that set out in Condition 5.8 (CNY Currency 
Event)) (Only applicable to CNY Notes): 
[Not Applicable/specify Alternate Settlement 
Rate] 
31. 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Alternate Settlement Rate (Only applicable 
to CNY Notes): 
[[Insert name] (the "Alternate Settlement Rate 
Determination Agent")] 
32. 
Relevant Currency (Only applicable to CNY 
Notes): 
[U.S. 
dollars/euro/Sterling/specify 
other/Not 
Applicable] 
33. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: 
amount of each payment comprising the 
Issue Price and date on which each payment 
is to be made and consequences of failure to 
pay, including any right of the Issuer to 
forfeit the 
[Not Applicable/details relating to Partly Paid 
Notes. N.B. A new form of Temporary Global 
Note and/or Permanent Global Note may be 
required for Partly Paid issues] 
 
Notes and interest due on late payment. 
 
34. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not 
applicable, delete 
the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a)  
Instalment Amount(s): 
[●]  
 
(b)  
Instalment Date(s): 
[●]  
35. 
Other final terms: 
[Not Applicable/other final terms]

--- Page 80 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 79 - 
IT-New 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Pirelli & C. S.p.A.: 
[Signed on behalf of Pirelli Tyre S.p.A.: 
 
 
By:  .......................................................................  
By:  ........................................................................ 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 81 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 80 - 
IT-New 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
36. 
LISTING 
 
 
Listing: 
[Application [has been made/ is expected to be 
made] for the Notes to be listed on [specify 
market – must not be a regulated market] with 
effect from [●] ]/[Not Applicable] 
37. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert 
the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity(ies)] 
(The above disclosure is only required if the 
ratings of the Notes are different to those stated 
in the Base Prospectus) 
38. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for any fees of [insert as appropriate] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. 
The [Managers/Dealers] and/or their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
financing, investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
other services for, the Issuer and the Guarantor and their affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business. - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
39. 
[USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●]  
 
(ii) 
Use of Proceeds: 
[●] ] 
 
 
 
40. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[●]  
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●]  
 
(iii) 
FISN: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
CFI Code: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●]  
 
(viii) 
Deemed 
delivery 
of 
clearing 
system notices for the purposes of 
Condition 12 (Notices): 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the 
clearing systems will be deemed to have been 
given on the [second] [business] day after the 
day on which it was given to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 82 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 81 - 
IT-New 
 
 
[(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]/ 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of this Pricing Supplement, should 
the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended 
in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
41. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; [TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not 
Applicable/Additional 
United 
States 
selling restrictions] 
 
 
(Additional selling restrictions are only likely to 
be relevant for certain structured Notes, such as 
commodity-linked Notes)

--- Page 83 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 82 - 
IT-New 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated into each Global Note 
(as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time 
of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of 
Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and 
Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms (which term shall be deemed to 
include a reference to the applicable Pricing Supplement where relevant, as set out below) (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference 
should be made to "Form of Final Terms in relation to Notes other than Exempt Notes" and "Form of 
Pricing Supplement in relation to Exempt Notes" for a description of the content of Final Terms and Pricing 
Supplements, respectively, which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant 
Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Pirelli & C. S.p.A. ("Pirelli" or the 
“Issuer”) as specified in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below) or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement (as defined below) and constituted by a Trust Deed (such Trust Deed as 
modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Trust Deed") dated 13 May 2022 
made between, inter alia, the Issuer and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (the "Trustee", which 
expression shall include any successor as Trustee). 
Notes issued by Pirelli will be guaranteed by Pirelli Tyre if it is specified as a Guarantor in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) (in such capacity, the 
"Guarantor"), subject to the provisions of Condition 2.3 (Release and Appointment of Guarantor). If no 
Guarantor is specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement), the Notes will not have the benefit of a guarantee, provided that Pirelli Tyre shall provide a 
Guarantee in respect of such Notes in the circumstances set out in Condition 2.3(b). 
References herein to a "Guaranteed Note" or to "Guaranteed Notes" shall be references to a Note or 
Notes, respectively, that is or are for the time being guaranteed by Pirelli or Pirelli Tyre as set out above 
and references to the Guarantor shall be to the entity which provides the Guarantee from time to time 
pursuant to Condition 2.3 (Release and Appointment of Guarantor). 
Pirelli intends to specify Pirelli Tyre as the Guarantor in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) if at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of 
the relevant Series the gross financial indebtedness calculated on a pro forma basis as at the last balance 
sheet date of the Guarantor, net of intra-Group debt represented more than 20 per cent. of the consolidated 
gross financial indebtedness of the Pirelli Group (as defined in Condition 3.2 (Interpretation)) as at the date 
of, and as calculated by reference to, the then latest annual consolidated financial statements of the Pirelli 
Group, as applicable. 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global Note"), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an 
Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time 
to time, the "Agency Agreement") dated 13 May 2022 and made between, inter alia, the Issuer, the Trustee, 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the "Agent", 
which expression shall include any successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together 
with the Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor paying 
agents).

--- Page 84 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 83 - 
IT-New 
 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which supplement these Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions") or, 
if this Note is a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the EU Prospectus Regulation (an "Exempt Note"), the final terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing Supplement attached to or endorsed on this Note 
which supplement these Conditions and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent 
so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the 
purposes of this Note. References to the "applicable Final Terms" are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A 
of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. References to 
the "applicable Pricing Supplement" in the case of Exempt Notes are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A 
of the Pricing Supplement (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. Any 
reference in the Conditions to "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to 
"applicable Pricing Supplement" where relevant. The expression "EU Prospectus Regulation " 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, in the case of Notes which, when 
issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons 
("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Exempt Notes in definitive form 
which are repayable in instalments have receipts ("Receipts") for the payment of the instalments of 
principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue. Global Notes do not have Receipts, Coupons 
or Talons attached on issue. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders for the time being of the Notes (the "Noteholders", which 
expression shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below), 
the holders of the Receipts (the "Receiptholders") and the holders of the Coupons (the "Couponholders", 
which expression shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons), in 
accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms 
and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of 
the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the principal office for the time being of the Trustee being at the date of the Base Prospectus, at 
Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, EC2N 2DB, London, United Kingdom, and at the specified 
office of each of the Paying Agents. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). If this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer, the Trustee and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of 
such Notes and identity. The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have 
notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and 
the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include 
summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed 
or the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions: 
 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended;

--- Page 85 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 84 - 
IT-New 
 
 
"Renminbi" and "CNY" mean the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China (the "PRC") 
which, for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, excludes the Hong Kong Special 
Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China, the Macau Special Administrative 
Region of the People's Republic of China and Taiwan; 
 
"Sterling" means the currency of the United Kingdom; 
 
"CNY Notes" means the Notes denominated in Renminbi; 
 
"US dollars" means the currency of the United States of America; and 
 
References in this Base Prospectus to "Final Terms" shall, in the context of Exempt Notes, 
construed to refer to Pricing Supplements as relevant.  
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency 
(the "Specified Currency") and the denominations (the "Specified Denomination(s)") specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for 
Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or 
a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis 
shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero 
Coupon Note, an Index Linked Interest Note, a Dual Currency Interest Note or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be an Index Linked Redemption Note, an 
Instalment Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Note, a Partly Paid Note or a combination of any 
of the foregoing, depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer, 
the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes), the Paying Agents and the Trustee will (except 
as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note, Receipt or Coupon as the 
absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or 
writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of 
any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount 
of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be 
treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes), the Paying Agents and the 
Trustee as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect 
to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose 
the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor (if the Notes are 
Guaranteed Notes), any Paying Agent and the Trustee as the holder of such nominal amount of 
such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the 
expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount 
of Notes as aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification

--- Page 86 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 85 - 
IT-New 
 
as it shall, in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or 
information and/or certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding 
on all concerned. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be. References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified 
in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEE 
2.1 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledges)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred 
by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) 
of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
2.2 
Status of the Guarantee 
If the Notes are Guaranteed Notes, the payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes 
and all other moneys payable by the Issuer under or pursuant to the Trust Deed has been irrevocably 
guaranteed by the Guarantor (subject to Condition 2.3 (Release and Appointment of Guarantor)) 
(the "Guarantee", which term shall include any Guarantee provided under Condition 2.3 (Release 
and Appointment of Guarantor)) in the Trust Deed. The obligations of the Guarantor under its 
Guarantee are direct, (subject to the provisions of Condition 2.3 (Release and Appointment of 
Guarantor)), unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledges)) 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred 
by law) rank equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if 
any) of the Guarantor from time to time outstanding. 
2.3 
Release and Appointment of Guarantor 
(a) 
The following Condition 2.3(a) shall apply to Notes issued by Pirelli in respect of which 
Pirelli Tyre is specified as the Guarantor in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
Subject to Condition 2.3(a)(iii)(C) below, Pirelli Tyre shall be automatically 
released from its obligations under its Guarantee upon delivery of a notice in 
writing to the Trustee signed by an authorised signatory of the Issuer attaching 
each of the following documents, and the Issuer may request that the Trustee 
acknowledge receipt of such notice pursuant to this Condition 2.3(a)(i) and the 
Trustee shall grant such request within five Business Days of the request being 
received if the Trustee has received such notice and each of the following 
documents: 
(A) 
a certificate, in or substantially in the form set out in the Trust Deed, 
signed by an authorised signatory of the Issuer, confirming that either (i) 
the gross financial indebtedness calculated on a pro forma basis as at the 
last balance sheet date of the Guarantor, net of intra-Group debt, 
represented not more than 20 per cent. of the consolidated gross financial 
indebtedness of the Pirelli Group (as defined in Condition 3.2 
(Interpretation)) as at the date of, and as calculated by reference to, the 
then latest annual consolidated financial statements of the Pirelli Group, 
as applicable, or (ii) a Pirelli Merger (as defined in Condition 8.3 
(Definitions) involving the Issuer and Pirelli Tyre has occurred; 
(B) 
a certificate, in or substantially in the form set out in the Trust Deed, 
signed by an authorised signatory of the Issuer, confirming that no Event 
of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the release 
of Pirelli Tyre from its obligations under its Guarantee; and

--- Page 87 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 86 - 
IT-New 
 
(C) 
a certificate, in or substantially in the form set out in the Trust Deed, 
signed by an authorised signatory of the Issuer and (unless a Pirelli 
Merger (as defined in Condition 8.3 (Definitions) involving the Issuer 
and Pirelli Tyre has occurred) by an authorised signatory of Pirelli Tyre, 
confirming that no amount owed by Pirelli Tyre under its Guarantee is 
due and unpaid. 
Upon receipt by the Trustee of such notice and documents (upon which the 
Trustee shall rely absolutely and without further enquiry), Pirelli Tyre shall be 
automatically, immediately and effectively released from its obligations under its 
Guarantee. 
(ii) 
If Pirelli Tyre is at any time released from its obligations under its Guarantee 
pursuant to Condition 2.3(a)(i) above, the Issuer shall thereafter (unless and until 
the occurrence of a Pirelli Merger (as defined in Condition 8.3 (Definitions) 
involving the Pirelli and Pirelli Tyre) be required, subject to Condition 2.3(a)(iii) 
below, within 20 days of the date of publication of the Pirelli Group's annual 
audited consolidated financial statements, as approved by a meeting of its 
shareholders, to deliver to the Trustee a certificate (a "Compliance Certificate") 
substantially in the form set out in the Trust Deed and upon which the Trustee 
shall rely absolutely and without further enquiry, signed by an authorised 
signatory of the Issuer and stating that the gross financial indebtedness calculated 
on a pro forma basis as at the last balance sheet date of the Guarantor, net of intra-
Group debt, represented not more than 20% (twenty per cent.) of the consolidated 
gross financial indebtedness of the Pirelli Group as at the date of, and as calculated 
by reference to, the then latest annual consolidated financial statements of the 
Pirelli Group. 
(iii) 
If the Issuer is unable to make the statement required by and set out in Condition 
2.3(a)(ii) above in the Compliance Certificate in respect of the accounting period 
to which its then latest annual consolidated financial statements relate, or if the 
Issuer otherwise fails to deliver the Compliance Certificate to the Trustee in 
accordance with Condition 2.3(a)(ii) above in respect of any such accounting 
period: 
(A) 
the payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and all other 
moneys payable by the Issuer under or pursuant to the Trust Deed shall 
immediately be irrevocably guaranteed again by Pirelli Tyre, on the 
terms set out in the Trust Deed; 
(B) 
the Issuer shall be released from its obligations under Condition 2.3(a)(ii) 
above; and 
(C) 
Pirelli Tyre may not at any time thereafter be released from its obligations 
as Guarantor pursuant to the mechanism set out in Condition 2.3(a)(i) 
above. 
(iv) 
Notice of any release or re-appointment of Pirelli Tyre as Guarantor pursuant to 
this Condition 2.3(a) will be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 12 (Notices). 
(b) 
The following Condition 2.3(b) shall apply to Notes issued by Pirelli in respect of which 
no Guarantor is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
The Issuer shall (unless and until the occurrence of a Pirelli Merger (as defined in 
Condition 8.3 (Definitions) involving the Issuer and Pirelli Tyre) be required, 
subject to Condition 2.3(b)(ii) below, within 20 days of the date of publication of 
each of the Pirelli Group's annual audited consolidated financial statements, as 
approved by a meeting of its shareholders, to deliver to the Trustee a Compliance 
Certificate substantially in the form set out in the Trust Deed and upon which the 
Trustee shall rely absolutely and without further enquiry, signed by an authorised

--- Page 88 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 87 - 
IT-New 
 
signatory of the Issuer and stating that the gross financial indebtedness calculated 
on a pro forma basis as at the last balance sheet date of the Guarantor, net of intra-
Group debt, represented not more than 20 per cent. of the consolidated gross 
financial indebtedness of the Pirelli Group as at the date of, and as calculated by 
reference to, the then latest annual consolidated financial statements of the Pirelli 
Group. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer is unable to make the statement required by and set out in Condition 
2.3(b)(i) above in the Compliance Certificate in respect of the accounting period 
to which its then latest annual consolidated financial statements relate, or if the 
Issuer otherwise fails to deliver the Compliance Certificate to the Trustee in 
accordance with Condition 2.3(b)(i) above in respect of any such accounting 
period: 
(A) 
the payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and all other 
moneys payable by the Issuer under or pursuant to the Trust Deed shall 
immediately be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Pirelli 
Tyre, on the terms set out in the Trust Deed; 
(B) 
the Issuer shall be released from its obligations under Condition 2.3(b)(i) 
above; and 
(C) 
Pirelli Tyre may not at any time thereafter be released from its obligations 
as Guarantor pursuant to this Condition 2.3(b). 
(iii) 
Notice of any appointment of Pirelli Tyre as Guarantor pursuant to this Condition 
2.3(b) will be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
12 (Notices). 
3. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGES 
3.1 
Negative Pledges 
So long as any Note or Coupon remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), neither the 
Issuer nor the Guarantor(s) (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) will create or permit to subsist any 
Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security Interest) upon the whole or any part of its present 
or future business, undertakings, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure 
Relevant Indebtedness (other than any Relevant Indebtedness owed by any member of the Pirelli 
Group to another member of the Pirelli Group), without: 
(i) 
at the same time or prior thereto securing the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, the 
Coupons and the Trust Deed or, as the case may be, the obligations of the Guarantor (if 
the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) under its Guarantee (if, in respect of Pirelli Tyre only, 
any such obligations exist at such time), equally and rateably therewith to the reasonable 
satisfaction of the Trustee; or 
(ii) 
providing such other security, guarantee, indemnity or other arrangement for the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed or, as the case 
may be, the obligations of the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) under its 
Guarantee (if, in respect of Pirelli Tyre only, any such obligations exist at such time), as 
the Trustee may in its absolute discretion consider to be not materially less beneficial to 
the interests of the Noteholders. 
3.2 
Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
(a) 
"Pirelli Group" means Pirelli and its Subsidiaries from time to time; 
(b) 
"Permitted Security Interest" means:

--- Page 89 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 88 - 
IT-New 
 
(i) 
any Security Interest the creation of which has been approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any Security Interest existing at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
of the relevant Series, including any extension, renewal or replacement (or 
successive extensions, renewals or replacements), as a whole or in part, of any 
Security Interest referred to in this Condition 3.2(c)(ii), or of any Relevant 
Indebtedness secured thereby; provided that the principal amount of Relevant 
Indebtedness secured thereby shall not exceed the principal amount of Relevant 
Indebtedness originally so secured, and that such extension, renewal or 
replacement Security Interest shall be limited to all or any part of the same 
property or shares of stock that secured the Relevant Indebtedness extended, 
renewed or replaced (plus improvements on such property), or property received 
or shares of stock issued in substitution or exchange therefor; or 
(iii) 
any Security Interest arising pursuant to any mandatory provision of law; or 
(iv) 
any Security Interest created by any entity upon the whole or any part of its 
undertaking or assets and subsisting at the time such entity (A) merges or 
consolidates with or is demerged, contributed or merged into or transferred to the 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) or any Subsidiary, (B) 
becomes a Subsidiary or (C) sells, contributes or transfers all or substantially all 
of its assets to the Issuer, the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) or 
any Subsidiary, provided that such Security Interest was not created in 
connection with, or in contemplation of, such merger, consolidation, demerger, 
contribution, transfer or sale or such entity becoming a Subsidiary and provided 
further that the amount of Relevant Indebtedness secured by such Security 
Interest is not subsequently increased; or 
(v) 
any Security Interest securing Project Finance Relevant Indebtedness; or 
(vi) 
any Security Interest created after the date of issuance of the Notes on any asset 
acquired by the person creating the Security Interest and securing only Relevant 
Indebtedness incurred for the sole purpose of financing or re-financing that 
acquisition, provided that the principal amount of such indebtedness so secured 
does not exceed the original amount of Relevant Indebtedness incurred and is 
limited to the overall cost of that acquisition; or 
(vii) 
any Security Interest created after the date of issuance of the Notes on any asset 
improved, constructed, altered or repaired and securing only Relevant 
Indebtedness incurred for the sole purpose of financing or re-financing such 
improvement, construction, alteration or repair, provided that the principal 
amount of such Relevant Indebtedness so secured does not exceed the original 
amount of Relevant Indebtedness incurred and is limited to the overall cost of that 
improvement, construction, alteration or repair; or 
(viii) 
any Security Interest which is created in connection with, or pursuant to, a 
limited-recourse financing, factoring, securitisation, asset-backed commercial 
paper programme or other like arrangement where the payment obligations in 
respect of the indebtedness secured by the relevant Security Interest are to be 
discharged solely from the revenues generated by the assets over which such 
Security Interest is created (including, without limitation, receivables); or  
(ix) 
any Security Interest created or outstanding on Relevant Indebtedness in 
connection with convertible or exchangeable bonds or notes where the 
encumbrance created is over the assets into which the convertible or exchangeable 
bonds or notes may be converted or exchanged (as the case may be) and secures 
only the obligation of the issuer or guarantor of the bonds or notes to effect the 
conversion or exchange (as the case may be) of the bonds or notes into such assets; 
or

--- Page 90 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 89 - 
IT-New 
 
(c) 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
(d) 
"Project Finance Relevant Indebtedness" means any present or future Relevant 
Indebtedness incurred in financing or refinancing the ownership, acquisition, construction, 
development, leasing, maintenance and/or operation of an asset or assets, whether or not 
an asset of a member of the Pirelli Group: 
(i) 
which is incurred by a Project Finance Subsidiary; or 
(ii) 
in respect of which the Person or Persons to whom any such Relevant 
Indebtedness is or may be owed by the relevant borrower (whether or not a 
member of the Pirelli Group) has or have no recourse whatsoever to any member 
of the Pirelli Group (other than a Project Finance Subsidiary) for the repayment 
thereof other than: 
(A) 
recourse for amounts limited to the cash flow or the net cash flow (other 
than historic cash flow or historic net cash flow) from such asset or assets 
or the income or other proceeds deriving therefrom; and/or 
(B) 
recourse for the purpose only of enabling amounts to be claimed in 
respect of such Relevant Indebtedness in an enforcement of any Security 
Interest given by such borrower over such asset or assets or the income, 
cash flow or other proceeds, deriving therefrom (or given by any 
shareholder or the like in the borrower over its shares or the like in the 
capital of the borrower) to secure such Relevant Indebtedness. 
(e) 
"Project Finance Subsidiary" means any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(i) 
which is a single-purpose company whose principal assets and business are 
constituted by the ownership, acquisition, construction, development, leasing, 
maintenance and/or operation of an asset or assets; and 
(ii) 
none of whose Relevant Indebtedness in respect of the financing of such 
ownership, acquisition, construction, development, leasing, maintenance and/or 
operation of an asset or assets is subject to any recourse whatsoever to any 
member of the Pirelli Group (other than such Subsidiary or another Project 
Finance Subsidiary) in respect of the repayment thereof, except as expressly 
referred to in subparagraph (ii)(B) of the definition of Project Finance Relevant 
Indebtedness.  
(f) 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any indebtedness, whether present or future, which is in 
the form of or represented by any bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock or 
certificate or other debt securities which is, or which is of a type (and with terms of a type) 
customarily listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange, over the-counter or other 
organised market for securities (but, for the avoidance of doubt, excluding inter alia any 
such indebtedness in the form of bank loans (including, but not limited to, syndicated loans, 
bilateral loans and sub- participated loans) or derivative contracts (including, but not 
limited to, swaps, options, forwards and futures)) or (ii) any guarantee and/or indemnity 
in relation to any such indebtedness; 
(g) 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other similar in rem 
security interest securing any obligation of any Person; and 
(h) 
"Subsidiary" means any entity which is consolidated by the Issuer in accordance with 
IFRS 10 Consolidated financial statements Accounting Principles.

--- Page 91 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 90 - 
IT-New 
 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
In the case of CNY Notes, if Interest Payment Date Adjustment is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, if any Interest Payment Date falls on a day which is not a Business 
Day, the Interest Payment Date will be the next succeeding Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall in the next calendar month in which event the Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. For these purposes, "Business Day" has the meaning 
given to it in Condition 4.2(a) (Interest Payment Dates). 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on 
(but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any 
Interest. 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in these Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of 
any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note (or, 
if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where 
the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of 
the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4.1: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the "Accrual 
Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the 
number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; or

--- Page 92 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 91 - 
IT-New 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; 
(b) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
and 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Fixed Interest Period divided by 365. 
(d) 
In these Conditions: 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date 
to (but excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest 
Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the 
period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first 
Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect 
to euro, one cent. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, 
"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is 
no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment 
Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
4.2(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in

--- Page 93 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 92 - 
IT-New 
 
the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant 
month and the provisions of subparagraph (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis 
or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be 
the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the 
preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(ii) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iv) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (a) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro 
and Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (b) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET2) System (the "TARGET2 System") is open or (c) in relation to any 
sum payable in Renminbi, a day (other than Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) 
on which commercial banks in Hong Kong are generally open for business and 
settlement of Renminbi payments in Hong Kong. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this Condition 
4.2(b)(i), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by the Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the 
"ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 94 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 93 - 
IT-New 
 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(b)(i), "Floating Rate", "Calculation 
Agent", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement 
page on that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Relevant 
Financial Centre time) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available 
on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by 
the Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of such offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest 
in the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) 
above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than 
three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the 
preceding paragraph. 
(iii) 
Benchmark Replacement: 
(A) 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate 
when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer 
shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint as soon as reasonably 
practicable, at the Issuer's own expense, an Independent Adviser to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(C)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(D)) 
and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 
4.2(b)(iii)(E)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.2(b)(iii) 
shall act in good faith as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In 
the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in 
connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this 
Condition 4.2(b)(iii).

--- Page 95 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 94 - 
IT-New 
 
(B) 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate 
or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 
4.2(b)(iii) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal 
to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect 
of the preceding Interest Period (or alternatively if there has not been a 
first Interest Payment Date, the rate of interest shall be the initial Rate of 
Interest (subject, where applicable, to substituting the Margin that 
applied to such preceding Interest Period for the Margin that is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period). For the avoidance of doubt, this 
Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(B) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period only 
and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.2(b)(iii). 
(C) 
If the Independent Adviser, acting in a commercially reasonable manner 
and in good faith, determines that: 
(1) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject 
to adjustment as provided in Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(B)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject 
to the operation of this Condition 4.2(b)(iii)); or 
(2) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, 
then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(D)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of 
this Condition 4.2(b)(iii)). 
(D) 
If the Independent Adviser, acting in a commercially reasonable manner 
and in good faith, determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be). 
(E) 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 4.2(b)(iii) and the 
Independent Adviser, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in 
good faith, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or 
the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(F), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders but with the 
consent of the Trustee and the Agents in accordance with paragraph (G) 
below, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect 
to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in 
such notice. 
(F) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this 
Condition 4.2(b)(iii) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Trustee, 
the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with

--- Page 96 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 95 - 
IT-New 
 
Condition 19, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(G) 
At the request of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Agent shall, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or 
Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Amendments and neither the Trustee nor the Agent shall be 
liable to any party for any consequences thereof, provided that neither 
the Trustee nor the Agent shall be obliged so to concur if in the sole 
opinion of the Trustee or the Agent (as applicable) doing so would 
impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional 
duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce rights and/or the protective 
provisions afforded to the Trustee in these Conditions, the Trust Deed or 
the Agency Agreement, as applicable, (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way. 
(H) 
Without prejudice to Conditions 4.2(b)(iii)(A), (B), (C), (D) and (E), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 4.2(b)(ii) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark 
Event has occurred. 
(I) 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions, if in an Agent's sole 
opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses 
of action in making any determination or calculation provided for by the 
terms of a Benchmark Amendment, the relevant Agent shall promptly 
notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the relevant Agent in 
writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the relevant 
Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise 
unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful misconduct or 
fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall 
notify the Issuer thereof and the relevant Agent shall be under no 
obligation to make such calculation or determination and (in the absence 
of such negligence, wilful misconduct or fraud) shall not incur any 
liability for not doing so. 
(iv) 
Definitions: 
As used in Condition 4.2(b)(iii): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), 
or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in good 
faith, determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case 
may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has 
been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(B) 
the Independent Adviser, acting in a commercially reasonable manner 
and in good faith, determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced 
by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); (or if 
the Independent Adviser, acting in a commercially reasonable manner

--- Page 97 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 96 - 
IT-New 
 
and in good faith, determines that no such industry standard is recognised 
or acknowledged); 
(C) 
the Independent Adviser, in its discretion, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner and in good faith, determines to be appropriate. 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in good 
faith, determines in accordance with Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(C) has replaced the 
Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 
4.2(b)(iii)(E). 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 
5 Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that it will, by a specified date within the following six months, cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that 
will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case within the following six months; or 
(E) 
it has become unlawful for any Calculation Agent or the Issuer to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer under Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(A). 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) on the Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (1) the central bank for the currency to 
which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (2) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising

--- Page 98 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 97 - 
IT-New 
 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (3) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 4.2(b) above is less than such Minimum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 4.2(b) above is greater than such Maximum 
Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate 
of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global 
Note (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note 
in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable 
in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 4.2: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, 
if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366;

--- Page 99 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 98 - 
IT-New 
 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
360
1
D
2
D
)]
1
M
2
(M
[30
)]
1
Y
2
(Y
[360







360
1
D
2
D
)]
1
M
2
(M
[30
)]
1
Y
2
(Y
[360








--- Page 100 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 99 - 
IT-New 
 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February 
but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30. 
(e) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee and any 
stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by 
no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but 
in no event later than the fourth Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will promptly be 
notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time 
being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
(f) 
Determination or Calculation by Trustee 
If for any reason at any relevant time the Agent defaults in its obligation to determine the 
Rate of Interest or in its obligation to calculate any Interest Amount in accordance with 
Condition 4.2(b)(i) or Condition 4.2(b)(ii) above, as the case may be, and in each case in 
accordance with Condition 4.2(d) above, the Trustee shall, or shall appoint an agent on its 
behalf to, determine the Rate of Interest at such rate as, in its absolute discretion (having 
such regard as it shall think fit to the foregoing provisions of this Condition 4.2(f), but 
subject always to any Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest specified in 
the applicable Final Terms), it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances or, 
as the case may be, the Trustee shall, or shall appoint an agent on its behalf to, calculate 
the Interest Amount(s) in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the 
circumstances and each such determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been 
made by the Agent. 
360
1
D
2
D
)]
1
M
2
(M
[30
)]
1
Y
2
(Y
[360








--- Page 101 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 100 - 
IT-New 
 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) by the Agent or the Trustee or its 
appointed agent shall (in the absence of fraud, wilful default or manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) the Agent, the other 
Paying Agents and all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the 
absence of fraud, gross negligence or wilful default) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes), the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or the Trustee in connection with the exercise or 
non- exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
4.3 
Step Up Option 
This Condition 4.3 is applicable to Notes ("Step Up Notes") only if the Step Up Option is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
The Rate of Interest for Step Up Notes will be the Initial Rate of Interest specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, provided that for any Interest Period commencing on or after the Interest Payment 
Date immediately following a Step Up Event, if any, the Rate of Interest shall be increased by the 
Step Up Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms. The occurrence of a Step Up Event will 
be notified by the Issuer to the Agent and Trustee and, in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), 
the Noteholders on the Step Up Event Notification Date. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the Rate of Interest, the Step Up Margin and the Step Up Date. 
The applicable Final Terms shall specify whether one or more Step Up Events shall apply in respect 
of each Series of Sustainability-Linked Notes and the relevant Step Up Margin in respect of each 
such event. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that a Cumulative Step Up Event is applicable, upon the 
occurrence of the Cumulative Step Up Event the Rate of Interest or, in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes, the Initial Margin shall be increased by the Cumulative Step Up Margin from the next 
following Interest Period. 
If the Final Terms specifies that more than one Step Up Event is applicable and specifies that a 
Cumulative Step Up Event is not applicable, upon the occurrence of any Step Up Event so 
specified, the Rate of Interest or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Initial Margin shall be 
increased by the relevant Step Up Margin for such Step Up Event from the next following Interest 
Period. 
For avoidance of doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest may occur in no more than once in 
respect of the relevant Step Up Note. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.3: 
"Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions" means, in metric tonnes of CO2eq ("t CO2eq"), the 
sum of: 
(i) 
Scope 1 Direct GHG emissions, as defined by the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard, and 
includes direct GHG emissions generated by the combustion of hydrocarbons at the 
Issuer's production sites, mainly used to operate heat generators that power plants, and 
particularly those that produce steam for vulcanisers, as reported under the Sustainability-
Linked Bond Framework (the "Absolute Scope 1 Emissions"); and 
(ii) 
Scope 2 indirect GHG emissions, as defined by the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard, 
and includes the GHG emissions (market-based) generated by the plants that produce the 
energy (electrical and thermal) and steam purchased and consumed by the Issuer, as 
reported under the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework (the "Absolute Scope 2 
Emissions");

--- Page 102 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 101 - 
IT-New 
 
"Absolute Scope 3 GHG Emissions" means in thousands of metric tons of CO2eq ("kt CO2eq") 
indirect GHG emissions, as defined by the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard, and which includes 
the indirect greenhouse gas emissions from purchased raw materials; 
"CO2" means carbon dioxide; 
"CO2eq" means carbon dioxide equivalent; 
"Cumulative Step Up Event" means the occurrence of a combination of both (a) a Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 GHG Emissions Event; and (b) a Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event, if indicated as being 
applicable in the Final Terms and, in each case, as so specified as being the Cumulative Step Up 
Event in the Final Terms, it being understood that the occurrence of any such event shall not result 
in the occurrence of an Event of Default under these Conditions; 
"Cumulative Step Up Margin" means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
the Cumulative Step Up Margin; 
"External Verifier" means the statutory auditors of the Issuer or any other independent third party 
with relevant expertise, appointed by the Issuer to review the statement of the Absolute Scope 1 
and 2 GHG Emissions and the Absolute Scope 3 GHG Emissions; 
"External Verifier Assurance Report" has the meaning given to it in Condition 13 (Available 
Information); 
"GHG" means greenhouse gases, being gases which absorb and emit radiation in the atmosphere 
contributing to the greenhouse effect, including (among others) CO2, Methane (CH4), and nitrous 
oxide (N2O); 
"GHG Protocol" means the World Resources Institute (WRI) / World Business Council for 
Sustainable Development (WBCSD) Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol Corporate Accounting and 
Reporting Standard as such GHG Protocol may be revised, amended or supplemented from time 
to time; 
"GHG Protocol’s Corporate Reporting Standards" means the international guidance and 
standards on greenhouse gas emissions accounting established by the GHG Protocol; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" means the initial Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"New Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Baseline" means, following the occurrence of a 
Recalculation Event that results in a recalculation by the Issuer of the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
Emissions, the new baseline, in t CO2eq, recalculated in good faith by the Issuer and in accordance 
with its methodology, and disclosed in the relevant Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure and 
published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Available Information), which shall 
replace the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Baseline as at the date of such Consolidated Non-
Financial Disclosure, and any reference to the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Baseline in 
these Conditions thereafter shall be deemed to be a reference to the New Scope 1 and Scope 2 
GHG Emissions Baseline, it being understood that in the absence of such disclosure in the relevant 
Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure, the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Baseline shall 
continue to apply and therefore no change shall be made to the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
Emissions Baseline as a result of the Recalculation Event; 
"New Scope 3 GHG Emissions Baseline" means, following the occurrence of a Recalculation 
Event that results in a recalculation by the Issuer of the Scope 3 GHG Emissions, the new baseline, 
in kt CO2eq, recalculated in good faith by the Issuer and in accordance with its methodology, and 
disclosed in the relevant Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure and published by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Available Information), which shall replace the Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions Baseline as at the date of such Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure, and any 
reference to the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Baseline in these Conditions thereafter shall be deemed 
to be a reference to the New Scope 3 GHG Emissions Baseline, it being understood that in the 
absence of such disclosure in the relevant Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure, the Scope 3 
GHG Emissions Baseline shall continue to apply and therefore no change shall be made to the 
Scope 3 GHG Emissions Baseline as a result of the Recalculation Event;

--- Page 103 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 102 - 
IT-New 
 
"New Sustainability Performance Target" means, following the occurrence of a Recalculation 
Event that results in a recalculation by the Issuer of a Sustainability Performance Target, the new 
Sustainability Performance Target, recalculated in good faith by the Issuer and in accordance with 
its methodology, and disclosed in the relevant Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure and 
published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Available Information), which shall 
replace such Sustainability Performance Target as at the date of such Consolidated Non-Financial 
Disclosure, and any reference to the Sustainability Performance Target in these Conditions 
thereafter shall be deemed to be a reference to the New Sustainability Performance Target, it being 
understood that in the absence of such disclosure in the relevant Consolidated Non-Financial 
Disclosure, the Sustainability Performance Target shall continue to apply and therefore no change 
shall be made to the Sustainability Performance Target as a result of the Recalculation Event; 
"NFD Report" has the meaning given to it in Condition 13 (Available Information); 
"Recalculation Event" means the occurrence of any of the following events which results in a 
Significant Change in: 
(a) 
generally accepted methodologies for the calculation of either Absolute Scope 1 and 2 
GHG Emissions and/or Absolute Scope 3 GHG Emissions); 
(b) 
data due to better data accessibility or the discovery of data errors which requires the Issuer 
to change its methodology to calculate the Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions and/or 
the Absolute Scope 3 GHG Emissions, as the case may be; or 
(b) 
the perimeter of the structure of the Pirelli Group, including as a result of acquisitions, 
divestitures, mergers or demergers, 
whereby, following any such event, the Issuer may, acting in good faith and in accordance with its 
methodology, redetermine (including on a pro forma basis) (i) Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions Baselines and/or Absolute Scope 3 GHG Emissions Baselines; and/or (ii) the 
Sustainability Performance Target(s), as the case may be, to reflect such event, provided that, 
following the occurrence of any such event (and in the case of (i) and (ii), any such New Scope 1 
and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Baseline and/or New Scope 3 GHG Emissions Baseline); and/or (iii) 
the New Sustainability Performance Target(s), as the case may be remain within the objective of 
the Issuer's trajectory as validated by the SBTi. 
The Issuer may also, at its discretion, choose to recalculate (i) Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions baselines and/or Absolute Scope 3 GHG Emissions baselines; and/or (ii) the 
Sustainability Performance Target(s), as the case may be for changes of less than a Significant 
Change. 
Notice of any Recalculation Event shall be provided to the Noteholders and the Trustee pursuant 
to Condition 12 (Notices); 
"Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Condition" means the notification in writing by the Issuer 
to the Agent, Trustee and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) on the Step 
Up Event Notification Date that the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions as of the Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 GHG Emissions Reference Date was equal to or lower than the relevant Scope 1 and Scope 
2 GHG Emissions Threshold, and that such Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions as of the Scope 
1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Reference Date has been confirmed by the External Verifier in 
accordance with its customary procedures; 
"Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition" means the notification in writing by the Issuer to the Agent, 
Trustee and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) on the Step Up Event 
Notification Date that the Absolute Scope 3 GHG Emissions as of the Absolute Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions Reference Date was equal to or lower than the relevant Scope 3 GHG Emissions 
Threshold, and that such Scope 3 GHG Emissions as of the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Reference 
Date has been confirmed by the External Verifier in accordance with its customary procedures; 
"Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Event" means the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the Scope 
1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Condition, provided that no Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions

--- Page 104 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 103 - 
IT-New 
 
Event shall occur in case of the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
Emissions Condition due to either: 
(a) an amendment to, or change in, any applicable laws, regulations, rules, guidelines and policies, 
or a decision of a competent authority; or 
(b) the relevant concessions granted to the Issuer or its consolidated subsidiaries or joint operations 
or by merged and acquired companies, being amended, revoked or the relevant expiration date 
being shortened; 
it being understood that the occurrence of any such event shall not result in the occurrence of an 
Event of Default under these Conditions; 
"Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event" means the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions Condition, provided that no Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event shall occur in case of the 
failure of the Issuer to satisfy the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition due to either: 
(a) an amendment to, or change in, any applicable laws, regulations, rules, guidelines and policies, 
or a decision of a competent authority; or 
(b) the relevant concessions granted to the Issuer or its consolidated subsidiaries or joint operations 
or by merged and acquired companies, being amended, revoked or the relevant expiration date 
being shortened; 
it being understood that the occurrence of any such event shall not result in the occurrence of an 
Event of Default under these Conditions; 
"Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Reference Date" is the date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Scope 3 GHG Emissions Reference Date" is the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Threshold" means the threshold expressed in metric 
tonnes of CO2eq (t CO2eq), specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Scope 1 and Scope 
2 GHG Emissions Threshold, subject to the occurrence of a Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions 
Event; 
"Scope 3 GHG Emissions Threshold" means the threshold expressed in thousands of metric 
tonnes of CO2eq (kt CO2eq), specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions Threshold, subject to the occurrence of a Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event; 
"Significant Change" means a change that leads to an increase or decrease in GHG emissions of 
5 per cent. or greater since the most recent GHG emissions published in the last Consolidated Non-
Financial Disclosure published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Available 
Information) and reported in its Sustainability-Linked Financing Progress Report; 
"SBTi" means the science-based targets initiative that stems from the collaboration between the 
Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), the World 
Resources Institute (WRI) and the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) aimed at verifying 
alignment with the indications of the Paris Agreement reached at the 21st Conference of the Parties 
to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (COP 21); 
"Step Up Date" means, in relation to the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Event, Scope 3 
GHG Emissions Event or, Cumulative Step Up Event, as the case may be, the first day of the next 
Interest Period following the date on which the Issuer is required to publish the External Verifier 
Assurance Report and NFD Report as of and for the period ending on the Scope 1 and Scope 2 
GHG Emissions Reference Date, and Scope 3 GHG Emissions Reference Date pursuant to 
Condition 13 (Available Information); 
"Step Up Event" means either a Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Event and/or a Scope 3 
GHG Emissions Event, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 105 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 104 - 
IT-New 
 
"Step Up Event Notification Date" means the day of the NFD Report publication following the 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Reference Date or the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Reference 
Date (as the case may be), and in any case a Business Day falling no later than 15 (fifteen) days 
prior to the Step Up Date;  
"Step Up Margin" means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Step Up 
Margin; 
"Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework" or "SLFF" means the Issuer’s framework dated 
May 2022 defining its sustainability strategy, key performance indicators and sustainability 
performance targets (as may be amended and/or supplemented from time to time), in accordance 
with the 2020 Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles administered by the International Capital 
Markets Association and the 2022 Sustainability Linked-Loan Principles administered by the Loan 
Market Association; and 
"Sustainability Performance Target" means each of Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions 
Threshold and Scope 3 GHG Emissions Threshold, as the case may be, as may be recalculated 
following a Recalculation Event (taken together the "Sustainability Performance Targets"). 
4.4 
Exempt Notes 
In the case of Exempt Notes which are also Floating Rate Notes where the applicable Pricing 
Supplement identifies that Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, if the 
Reference Rate from time to time is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other 
than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Exempt Notes will be determined as 
provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed Rate 
Notes or Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, provided that where such Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes the provisions of 
Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) shall, save to the extent amended in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, apply as if the references therein to Floating Rate Notes and to the Agent were 
references to Index Linked Interest Notes and the Calculation Agent, respectively, and provided 
further that the Calculation Agent will notify the Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), 
interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
4.5 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is 
the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
as provided in the Trust Deed. 
5. 
PAYMENTS  
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro and Renminbi will be made by credit or 
transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, 
at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the

--- Page 106 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 105 - 
IT-New 
 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the 
option of the payee, by a euro cheque; and 
(c) 
payments in Renminbi will be made solely by credit to a registered Renminbi account 
maintained by or on behalf of the payee at a bank in Hong Kong in accordance with 
applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to time (including all 
applicable laws and regulations with respect to the settlement of Renminbi in Hong Kong). 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation), 
(ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
5.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in 
the manner provided in Condition 5.1 (Method of payment) only against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments 
of interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) 
of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
(which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and 
the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below) and save 
as provided in Condition 5.4 (Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types 
of Exempt Notes)) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued 
on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, 
in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due 
for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above 
against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not 
such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 16 (Prescription)) or, if later, 
five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event 
thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons 
will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed 
Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the 
aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note 
on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after 
that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of 
the relevant definitive Note.

--- Page 107 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 106 - 
IT-New 
 
5.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes 
or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between 
any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by 
the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable. 
5.4 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Notes, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 5.1 
(Method of payment) only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of 
any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. 
Payment of the final instalment will be made in the manner provided in Condition 5.1 (Method of 
payment) only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the relevant Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must 
be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the definitive Note to which it 
appertains. Receipts presented without the definitive Note to which they appertain do not constitute 
valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any definitive Note becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Note or Index Linked Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. 
5.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (if the 
Notes are Guaranteed Notes) will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of 
such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of 
Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of 
principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; 
and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer and the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes), adverse tax 
consequences to the Issuer or the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes).

--- Page 108 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 107 - 
IT-New 
 
5.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in 
the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such 
delay. For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 16 
(Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro or 
Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable 
in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open or (C) in relation to any sum 
payable in Renminbi, a day on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
business and settlement of Renminbi payments in Hong Kong. 
5.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
7 (Taxation) or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in 
substitution therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Exempt Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; 
(f) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 0 
(Early Redemption Amounts)); and 
(g) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 
7 (Taxation) or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution 
therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
5.8 
CNY Currency Event 
In the case of CNY Notes, if "CNY Currency Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
if by reason of a CNY Currency Event, the Issuer is not able to satisfy payments of principal or 
interest (in whole or in part) in respect of Notes when due in Renminbi in Hong Kong or the 
Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) is not able to satisfy payments (in whole or in part) 
under the Guarantee when due in Renminbi in Hong Kong, the Issuer or the Guarantor (if the Notes 
are Guaranteed Notes), as the case may be, on giving not less than five nor more than 30 days'

--- Page 109 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 108 - 
IT-New 
 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) prior to the due 
date for payment (stating the occurrence of the CNY Currency Event, giving details thereof and 
the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto), shall be entitled to satisfy their respective 
obligations in respect of such payment by making such payment in the Relevant Currency (selected 
by the Issuer or the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes), as the case may be, if applicable, 
and converted at the Alternate Settlement Rate as of a time selected by the Alternate Settlement 
Rate Determination Agent). 
In such event, any payment in the Relevant Currency will be made in accordance with Condition 
5.1 (Method of payment). 
Any payment made under such circumstances in the Relevant Currency will constitute valid 
payment, and will not constitute a default in respect of the Notes. 
For the purpose this Condition 5.8 and unless, in the case of Exempt Notes, stated otherwise in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement: 
"Alternate Settlement Rate" means unless, in the case of Exempt Notes, otherwise specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, the spot rate, determined by the Alternate Settlement Rate 
Determination Agent, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, between Renminbi 
and the Relevant Currency, taking into consideration all available information which the Alternate 
Settlement Rate Determination Agent deems relevant (including, but not limited to, the pricing 
information obtained from the Renminbi non-deliverable market outside the PRC and/or the 
Renminbi exchange market within the PRC); 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the 
central bank) of Hong Kong; 
"Hong Kong" means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of 
China; 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China which, for the purpose of these Terms and 
Conditions, shall exclude Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's 
Republic of China and Taiwan; 
"Relevant Currency" means U.S. dollars, euro or Sterling, or, in the case of Exempt Notes, such 
other currency as may be specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
"CNY Currency Event" means any one of CNY Illiquidity, CNY Non-Transferability and CNY 
Inconvertibility; 
"CNY Illiquidity" shall be deemed to occur if the general CNY exchange market in Hong Kong 
becomes illiquid as a result of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient CNY in order to satisfy its 
obligation to pay interest or principal (in whole or in part) in respect of the Notes, or the Guarantor 
(if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) cannot obtain sufficient CNY in order to satisfy its obligation 
to make payments (in whole or in part) under the Guarantee, as determined by the Issuer, or the 
Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes), as the case may be, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two independent foreign exchange 
dealers of international repute active in the CNY exchange market in Hong Kong; 
"CNY Inconvertibility" shall be deemed to occur if, upon the occurrence of any event, it is 
impossible for the Issuer, or the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes), as the case may 
be, to convert any amount due in respect the Notes or under the Guarantee in the general CNY 
exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of 
the Issuer, or the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes), as the case may be, to comply 
with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is 
impossible for the Issuer, or the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes), as the case may 
be, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, or the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed 
Notes), as the case may be, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). For the avoidance of

--- Page 110 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 109 - 
IT-New 
 
doubt, the inability for a party to covert CNY solely due to issues relating to its creditworthiness 
shall not constitute CNY Inconvertibility; and 
"CNY Non-Transferability" shall be deemed to occur if, upon the occurrence of any event, it is 
impossible for the Issuer, or the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes), as the case may 
be, to transfer CNY between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to 
an account outside Hong Kong or from an account outside Hong Kong to an account inside Hong 
Kong (including where the CNY clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong 
Kong is disrupted or suspended), other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of 
the Issuer, or the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes), as the case may be, to comply 
with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is 
impossible for the Issuer, or the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes), as the case may 
be, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, or the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed 
Notes), as the case may be, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5.8 by the 
Alternate Settlement Rate Determination Agent, will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes), the 
Paying Agents, the Trustee and all the Noteholders. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE  
6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 0 (Early Redemption Amounts), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of 
the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any 
Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum 
period and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
the Trustee and the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of such 
notice that: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 (Taxation) or 
the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) would be unable for reasons outside its 
control to procure payment by the Issuer and in making payment itself would be required 
to pay such additional amounts, in each case as a result of any change in, or amendment 
to, the laws, treaties or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7 
(Taxation)) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws, treaties 
or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (if 
the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.2, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by an authorised signatory of the Issuer or, as the case 
may be, an authorised signatory of the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) stating that 
the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that 
the requirements referred to in Condition 6.2(a) above will apply on the date of the next payment

--- Page 111 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 110 - 
IT-New 
 
due under the Notes and cannot be avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (if 
the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) taking reasonable measures available to it and the Trustee shall 
be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions 
precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 0 (Early Redemption Amounts) together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
6.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period (which shall be not less than 15 Business Days) nor more 
than the maximum period of notice specified in applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each 
case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Optional Redemption Amount will be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of the 
Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (in this Condition 6.3, 
"Redeemed Notes") will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either 
a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (in this 
Condition 6.3 such date of selection being hereinafter called the "Selection Date"). In the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed 
Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to 
the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during 
the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption 
pursuant to this Condition 6.3 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) at least five days prior to the Selection 
Date. 
6.4 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put/Change of Control Put) 
If: 
(a) 
Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder 
of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) not less than 
the minimum period (which shall be not less than 15 Business Days) nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the expiry of such 
notice, the Issuer will redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date; and/or 
(b) 
Change of Control Put is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a 
Change of Control Put Event (as defined below) has occurred, upon the holder of any Note 
giving notice to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) during the Change 
of Control Put Period, the Issuer will redeem such Note on the Change of Control Put Date, 
in each case, at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note 
is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying

--- Page 112 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 111 - 
IT-New 
 
Agent falling within the relevant notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in 
the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a 
"Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made 
under this Condition 6.4 accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent 
concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its 
control. If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the 
holder of this Note must, within the relevant notice period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise 
in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
may include notice being given on a Noteholder's instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to 
the Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 6.4 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred 
and the Trustee has declared the Notes to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 8 (Events of 
Default and Enforcement), in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the 
Issuer within 10 Business Days of such declaration but in any event no later than the due date of 
redemption, to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 6.4. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred, the 
Issuer shall notify the Trustee and provide the Change of Control Put Event Notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.4: 
"Change of Control" means that a person (or persons acting in concert) other than a Permitted 
Holder and/or any person or persons acting in concert with a Permitted Holder acquire control of 
the Issuer (other than as a result of a Permitted Change of Control), where "control" for this 
purpose means the acquisition or holding or legal or beneficial ownership or control of, in 
aggregate, more than 50 (fifty) per cent. of the voting rights attached to the shares of the Issuer, 
provided that, in any event, no Change of Control will occur if the Permitted Investor is involved 
directly or indirectly in the control of the Issuer or has the right directly or indirectly (individually 
or jointly with any person or persons acting in concert with the Permitted Investor) to appoint the 
Chief Executive Officer of the Issuer.  
"Change of Control Period" means the period from the date of the first public announcement of 
an arrangement or event that could result in a Change of Control until the end of a 90-day period 
following public notice of the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control (or such longer period 
as the Rating of Pirelli or such other relevant entity, as applicable, is under examination by a 
Ratings Agency for a Rating to be assigned or reviewed, provided that such Rating assignment or 
Rating review period (A) has been publicly announced within the period ending 180 days after the 
date of the public notice of the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control and (B) does not 
exceed a period of 180 days after the date of the public notice of the occurrence of the relevant 
Change of Control). 
"Change of Control Put Date" means the day which is seven days after the expiration of the 
Change of Control Put Period. 
A "Change of Control Put Event" shall occur if a Change of Control occurs and the relevant 
Change of Control Period has expired.  
"Change of Control Put Event Notice" means a notice given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) specifying: 
(a) 
that Noteholders are entitled to exercise the Change of Control Put option; 
(b) 
the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put option; and

--- Page 113 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 112 - 
IT-New 
 
(c) 
such other information relating to the Change of Control Put option as the Trustee may 
require. 
"Change of Control Put Period" means 90 days from the date on which the Change of Control 
Put Event Notice is duly given to Noteholders. 
"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and its successors. 
"Investment Grade" means (a) a credit rating of BBB- or higher by S&P (or its equivalent under 
any successor rating category of S&P); (b) a credit rating of Baa3 or higher by Moody’s (or its 
equivalent under any successor rating category of Moody’s); or (c) a credit rating of BBB- or 
higher by Fitch (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of Fitch); or (d) an equivalent 
rating to either BBB- or Baa3, or higher, by any other Rating Agency. 
"Moody’s" means Moody’s France S.A.S. and its successors. 
"Permitted Change of Control" means:  
(a) 
any amalgamation, merger or corporate reorganization implemented in any form 
(including without limitation through a contribution in kind or any other transaction aimed 
at obtaining an amalgamation, merger or corporate reorganization) of the Sponsor with 
any person resulting in a surviving entity different from the Sponsor which would 
otherwise result in a Change of Control pursuant to the definition thereof, to the extent 
that all of the following conditions are met: 
(i) 
the surviving entity is, or is directly or indirectly controlled by, a state owned 
company organized under the laws of the People's Republic of China; and 
(ii) 
the surviving entity and any of its respective directors or key officers is not a 
Sanctioned Person or an SSI Person; or 
(b) 
any amalgamation, merger or corporate reorganization implemented in any form 
(including without limitation through a contribution in kind or any other transaction aimed 
at obtaining an amalgamation, merger or corporate reorganization, such as, inter alias, any 
public purchase offer and/or any public exchange offer) of the Issuer with any person or 
persons which would otherwise result in a Change of Control pursuant to the definition 
thereof to the extent that all of the following conditions are met: 
(i) 
the surviving entity (if different from the Issuer) will assume all or substantially 
all of the assets and liabilities of the Issuer, including all of its rights and 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes in accordance with applicable law;  
(ii) 
the surviving entity and any of its respective directors or key officers is not a 
Sanctioned Person or an SSI Person; and 
(iii) 
the surviving entity (which may or may not be the Issuer) at the end of the Change 
of Control Period has the Required Rating. 
Promptly upon Pirelli becoming aware that a Permitted Change of Control has occurred, Pirelli 
shall notify the Trustee of such in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) specifying that the 
abovementioned conditions required for a Permitted Change of Control have been met, and shall 
provide all such other information relating to the Permitted Change Control as the Trustee may 
reasonably require to the extent they are available for Pirelli. 
"Permitted Holders" means any of the Sponsor and the Permitted Investor and any of their 
respective Affiliates. For the purposes of this definition: 
(a) 
"Affiliate" of any specified person means any other person directly or indirectly 
controlling or controlled by (or under direct or indirect common control with) such 
specified person, where "control" " for this purpose means the power of any person to 
direct, directly or indirectly, individually or in concert with others, the management of the

--- Page 114 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 113 - 
IT-New 
 
relevant entity whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise; 
and 
(b) 
the terms "controlling", "controlled by" and "under common control with" shall have 
correlative meanings.  
"Permitted Investor" means any of (a) Camfin S.p.A., a company enrolled with the Companies' 
Register (Registro delle Imprese) of Milan under Tax Code No. 00795290154, (b) Marco 
Tronchetti Provera & C. S.p.A., a company enrolled with the Companies' Register (Registro delle 
Imprese) of Milan under Tax Code No. 11963760159, and (c) any other company, provided that 
– only with respect to such other company under this limb (c) – Marco Tronchetti Provera and/or 
any of his family members (parenti e/o affini) controls, either individually or jointly, directly or 
through nominees, as applicable, the appointment and removal of the majority of the board of 
directors or the Chief Executive Officer of such company or more than 50 (fifty) per cent. of the 
issued and outstanding voting shares or registered capital of such company is beneficially owned, 
individually or jointly, directly or indirectly at any time, by Marco Tronchetti Provera and/or any 
of his family members (parenti e/o affini).  
"Rating" means a credit rating assigned by a Ratings Agency, which may be either (i) public or 
(ii) private/confidential and disclosed to the Trustee provided that the Trustee is duly authorised to 
notify such Rating to the Noteholders if strictly necessary and only if in compliance with applicable 
laws, or the rating is otherwise made public by the Issuer at the same time. 
"Ratings Agency" means (a) S&P; (b) Moody’s; (c) Fitch or any of their successors. 
"Required Rating" means, immediately prior to the commencement of the Change of Control 
Period: 
(a) 
if the Issuer does not have any Ratings which are Investment Grade and has at such time: 
(i) only one Rating below Investment Grade, a Rating which is at least as high as such 
Rating of the Issuer; (ii) two or more Ratings below Investment Grade, at least two Ratings 
which are at least as high as such Ratings of the Issuer; 
(b) 
if the Issuer has at such time (i) only one Rating which is Investment Grade, a Rating 
which is Investment Grade; (ii) two or more Ratings which are Investment Grade, at least 
two Ratings which are Investment Grade; 
(c) 
if the Issuer does not have at such time a Rating from any of the Ratings Agencies, at least 
one Rating which is Investment Grade. 
"S&P" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and its successors. 
"Sanctioned Country" means, at any time, a country or territory which is the subject or target of 
any Sanctions (being of 13 May 2022 the Crimea Region of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, 
Syria, the so-called Donetsk People's Republic and the so-called Luhansk People's Republic).  
"Sanctioned Person" means, at any time: 
(a) 
any person listed on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons 
maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, 
or any person subject to an asset freeze or a general prohibition on all transactions under 
any Sanctions-related list of designated persons maintained by the U.S. Government 
including the U.S. Department of State, the U.S. Department of Commerce or by the 
United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any EU member state or the United 
Kingdom; 
(b) 
any person ordinarily resident, located or organized in a Sanctioned Country; or 
(c) 
any person owned or controlled by any such person it being understood that, with respect 
to any US Sanctions, "owned or controlled" means only the ownership of 50 (fifty) per 
cent. or more of any person's equity share capital or other instruments evidencing 
ownership by any such person or any such persons in aggregate.

--- Page 115 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 114 - 
IT-New 
 
"Sanctions" means all economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered 
or enforced from time to time by: 
(a) 
the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control 
of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of Commerce or the U.S. 
Department of State; or 
(b) 
the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any EU member state, the 
United Kingdom or Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom,  
and collectively, the entities listed in paragraphs (a) and (b) above (including any successor entities 
that administer Sanctions) being the "Sanctions Authorities".  
"Sponsor" means China National Chemical Corporation, Sinochem Group Co., Ltd., Sinochem 
Holdings Corporation Ltd., Silk Road Fund or any entity resulting from a Permitted Change of 
Control.  
"SSI Person" means, at any time, a person listed on the Sectoral Sanctions Identifications List 
maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury. 
6.5 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) and Condition 8 (Events of Default 
and Enforcement), each Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated as 
follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price of the first 
Tranche of the Series, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount 
which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price of the first Tranche of the Series, at 
the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = 
 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be 
either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days 
each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or 
(ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number 
of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 
360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual 
number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the 
date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will 
be 365). 
y
AY)
(1
RP



--- Page 116 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 115 - 
IT-New 
 
6.6 
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption 
Amount in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes may 
be specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms. For the 
purposes of Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Index Linked Interest Notes and Dual 
Currency Interest Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date. 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of early redemption, the Early 
Redemption Amount of Instalment Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6.6 and the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
6.7 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) or any Subsidiary of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in 
the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are 
purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes, if issued by Pirelli, 
may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if the Notes are 
Guaranteed Notes), surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation.  
6.8 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes 
so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6.7 (Purchases) above 
(together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be 
forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
6.9 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 6.1 (Redemption at maturity), 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 6.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) or 6.4 (Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders (Investor Put/Change of Control Put) or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 8 (Events of Default and Enforcement) is improperly withheld or refused, 
the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated 
as provided in Condition 6.5(c) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the 
redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were 
replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent or the Trustee and notice to that effect 
has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
6.10 
Make-Whole Issuer Call 
The Issuer may redeem at any time in whole or in part any Series of the Notes then outstanding at 
an amount equal to the Make-Whole Amount together with interest (if any) accrued but unpaid to 
(but excluding) the relevant redemption date, having given not less than 25 days nor more than 60 
days prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) (which notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption, (such date the "Make-Whole 
Optional Redemption Date")). 
As used in this Condition 6.10:

--- Page 117 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 116 - 
IT-New 
 
"Make-Whole Amount" means an amount calculated by the Agent equal to the higher of: 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed; or 
(b) 
as determined by the Reference Dealers (as defined below), the sum of the then current 
values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest (not including any 
interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Optional Redemption 
Date) discounted to the Make-Whole Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis (based 
on the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) by 366) 
at the Reference Dealer Rate (as defined below) plus the Redemption Margin, 
plus, in each case, any interest accrued but unpaid on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole 
Optional Redemption Date. 
As used in this Condition 6.10 
"Redemption Margin" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Bond" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Dealers" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Reference Dealer Rate" means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Make-Whole 
Optional Redemption Date, the average of at least three quotations of the mid-market annual yield 
to maturity of the Reference Bond or, if the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, a similar 
security in the reasonable judgement of the Reference Dealers at 11.00 a.m. London time on the 
third business day in London preceding the Make-Whole Optional Redemption Date quoted in 
writing to the Issuer and the Trustee by the Reference Dealers. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (in this Condition 6.10 
"Redeemed Notes") will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either 
a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (in this 
Condition 6.10 such date of selection being hereinafter called the "Selection Date"). In the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed 
Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to 
the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during 
the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption 
pursuant to this Condition 6.10 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) at least five days prior to the Selection 
Date. 
7. 
TAXATION  
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) will be made free and 
clear of and without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or government charges of whatever nature ("Taxes") imposed or levied by or 
on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction (as defined below) unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. In such event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (if the Notes are 
Guaranteed Notes) will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have 
been receivable in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence 
of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in the Republic of Italy; or

--- Page 118 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 117 - 
IT-New 
 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note, Receipt or 
Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the 
mere holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(c) 
the holder would be entitled to avoid such withholding or deduction in respect of such 
Note, Receipt or Coupon by making or procuring a declaration of non-residence of the 
holder or beneficial owner or other similar documentation or claim required for the 
application of an exemption or reduction to the competent tax authority, but has omitted 
to do so or failed to comply with applicable law in making or procuring such declaration, 
documentation or claim; or 
(d) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5.6 (Payment Day)); or 
(e) 
in circumstances in which the procedures required under Decree 239 or any secondary 
legislation implementing the same (each as amended and/or supplemented from time to 
time) in order to benefit from an exemption from imposta sostitutiva have not been met or 
complied with by any holder who would be eligible under Decree 239 or any secondary 
legislation implementing the same (each as amended and/or supplemented from time to 
time) to benefit from such exemption from imposta sostitutiva, except where such 
procedures have not been met or complied with due solely to the actions or omissions of 
the Issuer; or 
(f) 
in respect of any payment or deduction on account of imposta sostitutiva or other 
withholding taxes pursuant to Decree 239, or Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, 
or pursuant to Law Decree No. 461 of November 21, 1997 (the “Decree 461”) in each 
case as amended and supplemented, or 
(g) 
any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, personal property or similar Taxes; or 
(h) 
any Taxes that are payable otherwise than by deduction or withholding from a payment 
with respect to the Notes; or 
(i) 
any combination of the above. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any amounts to be paid by the Issuer 
or the Guarantor on the Notes will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as amended, or any current or future 
regulations or official interpretations thereof, or any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 
1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to 
any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such 
Sections of the Code (or any law implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (a "FATCA 
Withholding Tax"), and the Issuer or the Guarantor will be required to pay additional amounts on 
account of any FATCA Withholding Tax. 
As used herein: 
"Tax Jurisdiction" means the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax; and 
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the 
full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Trustee or the Agent on or 
prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 
(Notices). 
8. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT

--- Page 119 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 118 - 
IT-New 
 
8.1 
Events of Default 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-
quarter in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall, (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to 
its satisfaction) (but in the case of the happening of any of the events described in Conditions 8.1 
(b) to 8.1(d) (other than the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if the Notes 
are Guaranteed Notes), 8.1(e) to 8.1(g) inclusive, only if the Trustee shall have certified in writing 
to the Issuer and the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) that such event is, in its opinion, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders), give notice in writing to the Issuer that 
each Note is, and each Note shall thereupon immediately become, due and repayable at its Early 
Redemption Amount together with accrued interest as provided in the Trust Deed if any of the 
following events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or 
any of them and such default continues for a period of 14 days; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer or the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) fails to perform or 
observe any of its other obligations under the Conditions or the Trust Deed and (except in 
any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as 
is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 60 days 
following receipt by the Issuer or the Issuer and the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed 
Notes) (as the case may be) of notice from the Trustee requiring the same to be remedied; 
or 
(c) 
if any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if the Notes are 
Guaranteed Notes) or any Material Subsidiary (as defined in Condition 3.2 
(Interpretation)) is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its 
specified maturity, taking into account any applicable cure or remedy period, as a result 
of an event of default (however described) and it is not paid within the latest of 5 days 
thereafter or when due, or as the case may be, within any applicable cure or remedy period, 
provided that no such event shall constitute an Event of Default so long as and to the 
extent that the Issuer or the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) or the relevant 
Material Subsidiary (as the case may be) is contesting, in good faith, in a competent court 
in a recognised jurisdiction or before a competent arbitration panel that the relevant 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money shall be due or enforceable, as appropriate, and 
provided further that no event described in this Condition 8.1(c) shall constitute an Event 
of Default unless the relevant Indebtedness for Borrowed Money is less than €100,000,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(d) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution (other than a solvent winding up or solvent dissolution) of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) or any Material Subsidiary, and such order 
or resolution is not discharged or cancelled within 60 days, save on terms previously 
approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, 
or for the purpose of a Permitted Reorganisation (as defined in Condition 8.3); or 
(e) 
if the Issuer or the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) or any Material 
Subsidiary ceases to carry on all or substantially all of its business save, in each case, (i) 
on terms approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders, or (ii) for the purpose of a Permitted Reorganisation; or 
(f) 
if (A) (i) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or the Guarantor (if the Notes are 
Guaranteed Notes) or any Material Subsidiary for its liquidation or dissolution (otherwise 
than for the purpose of a solvent amalgamation, merger, de-merger, reorganisation or 
reconstruction (a “Solvent Reorganisation”) under any applicable insolvency law, or (ii) 
an order has been made by any competent court or other competent body for the 
appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar 
official (such terms as used in this Condition 8.1(f) include, without limitation, a curatore, 
commissario giudiziale, commissario straordinario, commissario liquidatore, or any other 
person performing the same function as each of the foregoing) in the context of insolvency

--- Page 120 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 119 - 
IT-New 
 
proceedings relating to the Issuer or the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) or 
any Material Subsidiary or, as the case may be, or (iii) the Issuer, the Guarantor (if the 
Notes are Guaranteed Notes) or any Material Subsidiary fails to pay as a result of any 
circumstance set out in this Condition 8.1(f) (A) (i) or (ii), or is unable to, or admits 
inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable 
to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or 
found bankrupt or insolvent or (iv) a receiver, manager, administrator or other similar 
official has been appointed in relation to all or substantially all of the undertaking or assets 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes), or any Material 
Subsidiary or, as the case may be, or an encumbrancer takes possession of all or 
substantially all of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon or sued out against all 
or substantially all of the undertaking or assets of any of them and (B) in any case (other 
than the appointment of a receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official) is not 
discharged within 90 days (provided, however, that this Condition 8.1(f) shall not apply 
to any proceedings which the Issuer or the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) 
or any Material Subsidiary or, as the case may be, is contesting in good faith as capricious, 
frivolous or vexatious in nature); or 
(g) 
if the Issuer or the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) or any Material 
Subsidiary makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any 
composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally or any meeting is convened 
to consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally, save 
(i) on terms approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders, or (ii) for the purpose of a Permitted Reorganisation; or 
(h) 
if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes, if the Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the Issuer 
or the Guarantor not to be, in full force and effect save that this Condition 8.1(h) shall not 
apply (i) to any release of a Guarantor from its obligations as Guarantor pursuant to 
Condition 2.3 (Release and Appointment of Guarantor) above or (ii) upon or following 
the occurrence of a Pirelli Merger. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no event which is a Change of Control Put Event will constitute an 
Event of Default. 
8.2 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings or any 
other action  against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) as it may 
think fit to enforce the provisions of the Trust Deed, these Conditions, the Notes, the Receipts and 
the Coupons, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or any other action in relation 
to the Trust Deed, these Conditions, the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons unless (i) it shall have 
been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by the holders of at 
least one-fourth in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (ii) it shall have been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
No Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the 
Issuer or the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) unless the Trustee, having become 
bound so to proceed, (i) fails so to do within 90 days and (ii) the failure shall be continuing. 
8.3 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Accounting Principles" means generally accepted accounting principles in the jurisdiction of 
incorporation of the relevant Subsidiary or IFRS. 
"Indebtedness for Borrowed Money" means any present or future indebtedness (whether being 
principal, premium, interest or other amounts) of any Person for or in respect of any borrowed 
money or any liability under or in respect of any amount raised by acceptance under any credit 
facility or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of such indebtedness provided that Indebtedness

--- Page 121 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 120 - 
IT-New 
 
for Borrowed Money shall not include any present or future indebtedness incurred under any form 
of borrowed money made between the Issuer, the Guarantor or one member of the Pirelli Group to 
another member of the Pirelli Group.  
"Material Subsidiary" means at any time a Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if the Notes 
are Guaranteed Notes) whose total assets or total revenues (calculated on an unconsolidated basis, 
excluding all intra-group items and in accordance with the Accounting Principles applicable from 
time to time) equals or exceeds 15 per cent. of the consolidated total assets or consolidated total 
revenues of the Pirelli Group, as calculated by reference to the Reporting Package included in the 
then latest audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Pirelli Group. For this purpose: 
(i) 
the total revenues and total assets of a Subsidiary will be determined from its then latest 
Reporting Package upon which the then latest audited annual consolidated financial 
statements of the Pirelli Group have been based; and 
(ii) 
the consolidated total revenues and the consolidated total assets of the Pirelli Group will be 
determined from its then latest audited annual consolidated financial statements adjusted 
(where appropriate) to reflect the total revenues or total assets of any company or business 
subsequently acquired or disposed of. 
Notwithstanding the above, any Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if the Notes are 
Guaranteed Notes) to which the Issuer, the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) or a 
Material Subsidiary disposes all or substantially all of its assets will be treated as a Material 
Subsidiary, but only until it is demonstrated (by reference to the accounts of that Subsidiary 
referred to in Condition 8.3(i) above and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Pirelli 
Group referred to in Condition 8.3(ii) above for a period ended after that transfer) not to be a 
Material Subsidiary according to the tests set out above. 
A report by an authorised signatory of the Issuer, addressed to the Trustee, that in their opinion a 
Subsidiary is or is not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period 
a Material Subsidiary, shall be relied upon by the Trustee without further enquiry or evidence and, 
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
"Permitted Reorganisation" means: 
(i) in respect of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes), any 
amalgamation, merger, demerger, reconstruction, reorganisation, consolidation, transfer 
or contribution of assets or other similar transaction whilst solvent of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) whereby all or substantially all of the assets 
and liabilities of the Issuer or the Guarantor, including all its rights and obligations under 
or in respect of the Notes (in the case of the Issuer), the Coupons, the Trust Deed and (in 
the case of the Guarantor, if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) its Guarantee (if not released 
according with the terms hereunder and/or the terms of the Trust Deed), will be assumed 
in accordance with applicable law by a Person which is or, immediately after such 
assumption, will be a member of the Pirelli Group; 
(ii) in respect of any Material Subsidiary, any amalgamation, merger, demerger, 
reconstruction, reorganisation, consolidation, transfer or contribution of assets or other 
similar transaction whilst solvent of the relevant Material Subsidiary under which all or 
substantially all of the assets and liabilities of the Material Subsidiary are transferred, sold, 
contributed, assigned or otherwise vested in Pirelli or any member of the Pirelli Group. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Pirelli Merger shall be a Permitted Reorganisation. 
"Pirelli Merger" means any amalgamation, merger, consolidation or similar transaction carried 
out between Pirelli Tyre and another company in the Pirelli Group and pursuant to which only a 
single entity (the "Surviving Entity") survives and the Surviving Entity has assumed in accordance 
with applicable law all or substantially all of the assets and liabilities of Pirelli Tyre and such Group 
company prior to the date of the relevant amalgamation, merger, consolidation or similar 
transaction, including all of the rights and obligations of Pirelli Tyre and such Group company 
under or in respect of the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed, and, following a Pirelli Merger,

--- Page 122 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 121 - 
IT-New 
 
references in these Conditions and the Trust Deed to Pirelli Tyre or such Group company shall be 
construed as references to the Surviving Entity. 
9. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
10. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any 
additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying 
Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve 
any change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or 
other relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer or the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) is 
incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 5.5 (General provisions applicable to 
payments). Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be 
given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and 
the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) and, in certain circumstances specified therein, 
of the Trustee, and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions 
permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is 
consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor 
paying agent. 
11. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if 
such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the 
payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 16 (Prescription). 
12. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London, and (b) if and for so long as 
the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg or the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's website, www.bourse.lu. It is expected that any such publication in a newspaper will 
be made in the Financial Times in London and the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt in

--- Page 123 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 122 - 
IT-New 
 
Luxembourg. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which 
complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are 
for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be 
deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published 
in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. If 
publication as provided above is not practicable, a notice will be given in such other manner, and 
will be deemed to have been given on such date, as the Trustee shall approve. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes is issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of 
the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted 
to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority 
so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or 
places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders 
of the Notes on such day as is specified in the applicable Final Terms after the day on which the 
said notice was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst 
any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a 
Note to the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such 
manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may 
approve for this purpose. 
13. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION  
This Condition 13 is applicable to Notes (Step Up Notes) only if the Step Up Option is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
Beginning with the consolidated annual financial statements of Pirelli for the fiscal year ending on 
31 December published after the Issue Date, in relation to Step Up Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specifies the Step Up Event being a Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions 
Event, Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event or, Cumulative Step Up Event, as the case may be, Pirelli 
will publish on its website and in accordance with applicable laws (i) its Absolute Scope 1 and 2 
GHG Emissions, and/or Absolute Scope 3 GHG Emissions, as the case may be, as indicated in the 
Pirelli Group's consolidated disclosure of non-financial information in accordance with Italian 
Legislative Decree 254/2016 (as amended and supplemented from time to time) or equivalent 
document prepared pursuant to applicable legislation, and subsequent amendments and 
supplements thereto (the "NFD Report") and (ii) an independent auditor’s report on the 
consolidated disclosure of non-financial information in accordance with Article 3, par. 10, of 
Legislative Decree 254/2016 and with Article 5 of CONSOB Regulation adopted with Resolution 
n. 20267 of January 18, 2018 (the "Limited Assurance Report"). Each Limited Assurance Report 
and NFD Report will be published concurrently with the publication of the independent auditor's 
reports on the annual financial reports and will have the same reference date as the relevant 
independent auditor's report; provided that to the extent Pirelli reasonably determines that 
additional time is required to complete any Limited Assurance Report and the NFD Report, then 
the relevant Limited Assurance Report and the NFD Report may be published as soon as 
reasonably practicable, but in no event later than 60 days, subsequent to the date of publication of 
the independent auditor's report. 
Furthermore, on or before the relevant Step Up Event Notification Date following a Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 GHG Emissions Reference Date, and Scope 3 GHG Emissions Reference Date, as the case 
may be, Pirelli will publish on its website an assurance report issued by the External Verifier in 
respect of its Absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions, and/or Absolute Scope 3 GHG Emissions, 
as the case may be at the relevant Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Reference Date, and Scope 
3 GHG Emissions Reference Date, as the case may be, (the “External Verifier Assurance 
Report”). The External Verifier Assurance Report will be published as soon as reasonably 
practicable following each Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Reference Date, and Scope 3

--- Page 124 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 123 - 
IT-New 
 
GHG Emissions Reference Date, as the case may be, but in no event later than the Step Up Event 
Notification Date. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER AND SUBSTITUTION  
14.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
The above provisions are subject to compliance with mandatory laws, rules and regulations of the 
Republic of Italy in force from time to time. 
Such meeting may be convened by the Directors of the Issuer or the Noteholders' Representative 
(as defined below) at their discretion and shall be convened by the Issuer at the request of the 
Trustee or, subject to mandatory provisions of Italian law, upon a requisition in writing signed by 
the holders of not less than one-twentieth in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding. If the Issuer defaults in convening such a meeting following such request or 
requisition by the Noteholders representing not less than one-twentieth in aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, the same may be convened by decision of the 
president of the competent court upon request by such Noteholders in accordance with article 2367, 
paragraph 2 of the Italian Civil Code. Every such meeting shall be held at such place as provided 
pursuant to Article 2363 of the Italian Civil Code, or as the Trustee may appoint or approve in 
writing.  
The constitution of any such meeting and the validity of resolution thereof shall be governed 
pursuant to the provision of Italian laws (including, without limitation, Legislative Decree No. 58 
of 24 February 1998) and the Issuer's By-laws in force from time to time. Italian law currently 
provides that (subject as provided below) the quorum required at any such meeting will be: (A) in 
the case of a multiple calls meeting (i) in the case of a first meeting, one or more persons present 
being or representing Noteholders and holding at least one half of the aggregate nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding; (ii) in the case of an adjourned meeting, one or more 
persons present being or representing Noteholders and holding more than one third of the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding; and (iii) in the case of a further 
adjourned meeting, one or more persons present being or representing Noteholders and holding not 
less than one fifth of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, 
provided that the Issuer's by-laws may in each case (to the extent permitted under the applicable 
laws and regulations of the Republic of Italy) provide for a different majority; and (B) in the case 
of a single call meeting, the quorum under (A)(iii) above shall apply, provided that a different 
majority may be required by the Issuer's by-laws. The majority required to pass a resolution at any 
meeting (including, where applicable, an adjourned meeting) will be at least two-thirds of the 
nominal principal amount of the outstanding Notes represented at the meeting;  
provided however that (A) considering certain proposals, as set out in article 2415 paragraph 1, 
item 2 of the Italian Civil Code (including any proposal to modify the maturity of the Notes or the 
dates on which interest is payable on them; to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or interest 
on, the Notes; or to change the currency of payment of the Notes) (each a "Reserved Matter") 
may only be sanctioned by a resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders by the higher of (i) 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than one half of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes, and (ii) one or more persons holding or representing not less than 
two thirds of the Notes represented at the meeting, and (B) the Issuer's by-laws may in each case 
(to the extent permitted under applicable Italian law) provide for higher majorities. 
An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Receiptholders and 
Couponholders. 
14.2 
Noteholders' Representative 
A 
representative 
of 
the 
Noteholders 
(rappresentante 
comune) 
(the 
"Noteholders' 
Representative"), subject to applicable provisions of Italian law, may be appointed pursuant to

--- Page 125 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 124 - 
IT-New 
 
Article 2417 of the Italian Civil Code in order to represent the Noteholders' interests under these 
Conditions and to give effect to resolutions passed at a meeting of the Noteholders. If the 
Noteholders' Representative is not appointed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, 
the Noteholders' Representative shall be appointed by a decree of the court where the Issuer has its 
registered office at the request of one or more Noteholders or at the request of the Directors of the 
Issuer. The Noteholders' Representative shall remain appointed for a maximum period of three 
years but may be reappointed again thereafter. 
14.3 
Modification and Waiver 
The Trustee, subject to applicable provisions of Italian law, may agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, to any modification of, or to the waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes, these 
Conditions or the Trust Deed (other than in respect of a Reserved Matter), or determine, without 
any such consent as aforesaid, that any Event of Default shall not be treated as such (other than in 
respect of a Reserved Matter), where, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders so to do or may agree, without any such 
consent as aforesaid, to any modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to 
correct a manifest error or an error which, in the opinion of the Trustee, is proven. Any such 
modification, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders and, unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, any such 
modification shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 
(Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, and any such 
waiver, authorisation or determination shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter if the Trustee shall so 
require. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the 
Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class (but shall not have 
regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, 
shall not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any 
purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to 
require, nor shall any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes), the Trustee or any other person any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise upon 
individual Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders except to the extent already provided for 
in Condition 7 (Taxation) and/or any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in substitution 
for, Condition 7 (Taxation) pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
14.4 
Substitution  
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders, agree with the Issuer (or the previous 
substitute issuer under this Condition 14.4) (the "Outgoing Issuer") to the substitution (the 
"Substitution") in place of the Outgoing Issuer as the principal debtor under the Notes, the 
Receipts, the Coupons and the Trust Deed of another company being a Subsidiary of Pirelli (the 
"Substituted Debtor"), unless the Substitution occurs as a consequence of a Pirelli Merger or a 
Permitted Reorganisation, subject to the following: 
(a) 
the Outgoing Issuer delivers to the Trustee a certificate in the form and of substance 
reasonably satisfactory to the Trustees certifying that immediately prior to the Substitution, 
no payment in respect of the Notes or the Coupons is overdue and no Event of Default has 
occurred together with such other matters as the Trustee may require; 
(b) 
the giving by the Substituted Debtor of not less than 20 (twenty) days' prior notice of the 
Substitution to the Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 14, stating that copies, 
or pending execution the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the Substitution as

--- Page 126 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 125 - 
IT-New 
 
listed in this Condition 14.4, are available for inspection at the specified office of each of 
the Paying Agents; 
(c) 
the execution by the Substituted Debtor and by the other parties to the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement of a supplemental trust deed (the "Substitution Trust Deed") and a 
supplemental agency agreement, respectively, and such other documents (if any) as may 
be necessary to give full effect to the Substitution (together, the "Documents") and 
(without limiting the generality of the foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor 
shall undertake in favour of the Trustee and the Noteholders to be bound by these 
Conditions, the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement as fully as if the Substituted Debtor 
had been named in the Notes, the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement as the principal 
debtor in respect of the Notes in place of the Outgoing Issuer and upon the first 
Substitution only, pursuant to which Pirelli shall unconditionally and irrevocably 
guarantee, unless the Substitution occurs as a consequence of a Pirelli Merger or a 
Permitted Reorganization, all the obligations of the Substituted Debtor and any subsequent 
Substituted Debtor under the Notes and the Trust Deed (the "Additional Guarantee"); 
(d) 
if the Substituted Debtor is incorporated, domiciled or resident in, or subject generally to 
the taxing jurisdiction of, a territory other than the Republic of Italy or any political sub-
division or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, undertakings or covenants 
shall be given by the Substituted Debtor in terms corresponding to the provisions of 
Condition 7 (Taxation) with the Tax Jurisdiction being the jurisdiction in which the 
Substituted Debtor is incorporated, domiciled or resident in, or to whose taxing 
jurisdiction it is subject; 
(e) 
the Substitution Trust Deed containing representations and warranties by each of Pirelli 
(upon the first Substitution only), the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) and 
the Substituted Debtor that (i) it is validly incorporated and (to the extent applicable under 
the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation) in good standing under the laws of its 
jurisdiction of incorporation; (ii) it has obtained (to the extent necessary under the 
applicable laws and regulations) all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and 
consents for the Substitution and for the performance of its obligations under the 
Documents and that all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect; (iii) all 
other actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done to ensure that 
the Documents and the Notes and upon the first Substitution only, the Additional 
Guarantee and the obligations assumed by it thereunder represent legal, valid and binding 
obligations of the Substituted Debtor, the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) 
or Pirelli, as the case may be, enforceable by the Trustee and each Noteholder in 
accordance with their respective terms and subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency 
or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally, have been taken, 
fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect; and (iv) the Noteholders will not become 
subject to any tax, duty, assessment, governmental charge or other adverse tax 
consequences as a result of the Substitution, except that neither the Substitute Debtor nor 
Pirelli shall be liable under such indemnity to pay any additional amounts either on 
account of "imposta sostitutiva" or on account of any other withholding or deduction in 
the event of payment of interest or other amounts paid to a non-Italian resident legal entity 
or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which does not allow for 
a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy; 
(f) 
the delivery of legal opinion(s) addressed to the Trustee and in a form and with a content 
reasonably acceptable to the Trustee, from a lawyer or firm(s) of lawyers of recognised 
standing in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Outgoing Issuer and the jurisdiction of 
incorporation of the Substituted Debtor, confirming that (i) the conditions contained in 
Conditions 14.4(c), (d) and (e) have been fulfilled and (ii) the Documents and (upon the 
first Substitution only) the Additional Guarantee constitute legal, valid, binding and 
enforceable obligations of each of the Substituted Debtor and Pirelli (as applicable) and 
that each of Pirelli (upon the first Substitution only) and the Substituted Debtor has the 
power to enter into and perform the obligations to be assumed by it pursuant to the 
Documents and (upon the first Substitution only) the Additional Guarantee, to the extent 
applicable to it; and

--- Page 127 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 126 - 
IT-New 
 
(g) 
the delivery to the Trustee of a certificate of solvency of the Substituted Debtor relating to 
the period prior to and immediately following the Substitution reasonably satisfactory to 
the Trustee addressed to the Trustee and the Noteholders and signed by an authorised 
signatory of the Substituted Debtor. 
Upon the execution of the Documents and compliance with the requirements listed above, the 
Outgoing Issuer shall be released from all of its obligations not then accrued as principal debtor 
under these Conditions and the Trust Deed and the Substituted Debtor shall be deemed to be named 
in these Conditions and the Trust Deed as the principal debtor in place of the Outgoing Issuer and 
references in these Conditions and the Trust Deed to the "Issuer" shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be deemed to be references to the Substituted Debtor. 
15. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE AND TRUSTEE CONTRACTING WITH THE 
ISSUER AND/OR THE GUARANTOR 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to 
enter into business transactions with the Issuer, the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) 
and/or any of their respective Subsidiaries and to act as trustee for the holders of any other securities 
issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes) 
and/or any of their respective Subsidiaries, (b) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its 
obligations and perform its duties under or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may 
be, any such trusteeship without regard to the interests of, or consequences for, the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders and (c) to retain and not be liable to account for any profit made 
or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith. 
16. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or 
interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case 
of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or 5.2 
(Presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void 
pursuant to Condition 5.2 (Presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons). 
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions 
the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment 
of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding Notes. 
18. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
19.1 
Governing law 
These Conditions, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with these Conditions, the Trust 
Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons are governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, English law. Conditions 14.1Error! Reference source not

--- Page 128 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 127 - 
IT-New 
 
found. and 14.2 (Noteholders' Representative) and Schedule 3 Part 2 of the Trust Deed (Provisions 
for Meetings of Noteholders) are subject to compliance with, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
19.2 
Submission to jurisdiction by the Issuer 
The  courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out 
of or in connection with these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts and/or the 
Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons) and 
accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
In relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with these Conditions, 
the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons (including any Proceedings relating to 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with these Conditions, the Trust 
Deed, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons)(together referred to as "Proceedings"), the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Trustee, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders irrevocably 
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and waives any objection to such 
courts on the ground that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum. 
19.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer and the Guarantor appoint Pirelli UK Tyres Ltd., with registered office at Derby Road, 
Burton on Trent, DE13 0BH, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process, and undertakes 
that, in the event of Pirelli UK Tyres Ltd. ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, 
it will appoint another person approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of process in England 
in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any 
other manner permitted by law. 
19.4 
Other documents and the Guarantor 
The Issuer and the Guarantor have in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement submitted to the 
jurisdiction of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms 
substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 129 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 128 - 
IT-New 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes 
and may be used – inter alia – to finance research and development investments and/or to repay finance 
and/or re finance existing indebtedness. If indicated in the applicable Final Terms, Notes may be issued as 
Step Up Notes which meet the criteria set out in the sustainability linked financing framework developed 
and established in accordance with the Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles 2020 as administered by 
ICMA and the Sustainability-Linked Loan Principles 2022 as administered by the LMA (the 
“Sustainability Linked Financing Framework”). 
The Sustainability Linked Financing Framework and the Second Party Opinion are available on the Issuer’s 
website at the following link https://corporate.pirelli.com/corporate/en-ww/investors/debt/sustainable-
finance.

--- Page 130 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 129 - 
IT-New 
 
DESCRIPTION OF PIRELLI, PIRELLI TYRE AND THE PIRELLI GROUP 
Overview  
Pirelli is a leading worldwide manufacturer of tyres and a provider of related services, with an exclusive 
focus on the consumer market, providing tyres and services for cars, motorcycles and bicycles (the 
"Consumer Business"). With revenues totalling approximately € 5.3 billion in 2021, Adj. Ebit of  € 815.8 
million (15.3% on sales) and net cash flow before dividends of approximately € 431.2 million (8.1% on 
sales), Pirelli has a globally recognised brand and a distinct position in the manufacturing of high-end 
premium tyres, which are products designed to achieve the highest levels of performance, safety, noise 
reduction and grip on the road surface, and which are characterised by high-tech content and/or 
customisation (such products, "High Value Products"). Pirelli's High Value Products representing 
approximately 71% of sales, which have historically enjoyed strong growth as a result of structural 
premiumisation trends, are divided into the following categories: Prestige; ≥18" (tyres with a rim size equal 
to or greater than 18"); Specialties; Super Specialties and Premium Motorcycle tyres.  
Pirelli manufactures tyres for both (i) original equipment manufacturers of cars, motorcycles and bikes for 
use on their newly produced vehicles which accounted for 24.0% of its Group net sales for the year ended 
31 December 2021 and 26.0% for the year ended 31 December 2020, ("Original Equipment"), and (ii) as 
replacement parts for vehicles already in circulation in need of replacements due to wear or season changes, 
which accounted for 76.0% and 74.0% of its Group net sales for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 
the year ended 31 December 2020, respectively ("Replacement"). The geographical breakdown of net sales 
shows Pirelli’s international presence, with Europe and Turkey standing at 38.6%, North America at 21.5%, 
APAC at 19.1%, South America at 12.5% and Russia, Nordics and MEAI representing 8.3% of annual 
sales as of 31 December 2021. 
With respect to the Car tyres, Pirelli is a leader in the prestige Car tyre sub-segment as well as in the 
Replacement market, within Europe, China and Brazil for Car tyres with a rim size ≥18". In North America, 
a region characterised by the highly varied nature of its Car ≥18" tyre market, Pirelli is among the top Car 
≥18" tyre manufacturers and is progressively strengthening its market share by leveraging its strength in 
the segment of "marked" tyres, i.e. those which are clearly identified with special markings and 
specially designed for Prestige and Premium cars, and where the company holds a leadership position. 
Pirelli’s High Value positioning is further complemented by the introduction of Specialties and Super 
Specialties in all the markets in which it operates. 
With respect to the Replacement market for motorcycles, Pirelli (i) holds a position of leadership in Europe 
and South America; (ii) is a global leader in the radial segment of the motorcycle tyre Replacement market; 
and (iii) is the third largest supplier of Premium tyres for motorcycles in the Replacement market in North 
America. 
Pirelli also offers tyres that do not fall within the High Value Products line ("Standard Products", which 
represents approximately 29% of sales), but meet the needs of certain OEMs, and also cover geographic 
areas where High Value demand penetration is still limited. 
Pirelli is a globally recognised brand, supported by 150 years of history, and anchored in the brand values 
of performance, innovation, heritage, culture and lifestyle, design. With a presence in sporting 
competitions since 1907, Pirelli was chosen in 2019 by the FIA - International Automobile Federation - as 
the sole supplier of tyres for the World Rally Championship for the 2021 to 2024 seasons. The FIA’s choice 
is a confirmation of Pirelli’s leadership in competitive motorsports, thanks to the experience gained in 115 
years of racing. Pirelli is also the sole Global Tyre Partner of Formula 1, with a contract to supply tyres for 
the Championship signed in 2011 and renewed until 2024. In the motorcycle industry, Pirelli has been the 
official supplier of the Superbike World Championship ("WSBK") since 2004. In addition, Pirelli is present 
at more than 350 car and motorcycle championships (as at 2021), including the Fanatec GT World 
Challenge, the Ferrari Challenge, the Lamborghini SuperTrofeo and the FIM Motocross World 
Championship.  
Pirelli has a strong focus on innovation through research and development, mainly targeted to High Value 
Products, supporting the Company’s strong commitment to continuous product improvement in terms of 
performance, safety, and reduction of environmental impact. This is evidenced by Pirelli having the highest 
levels of investments amongst the world's tyre manufacturers. Pirelli holds a portfolio of active patents,

--- Page 131 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 130 - 
IT-New 
 
grouped into around 685 families covering product, process and materials innovations, as well as a globally 
recognised brand. 
Through established partnerships with some of the most prestigious OEMs, Pirelli has a broad range of 
tyres in the High Value Products segment, which, as of 31 December 2021, includes ~310 
homologations, of which ~85.0% on ≥19". Pirelli has an extensive commercial presence, with, as of 31 
December 2021, a network of about 18,000 points of sale in over 160 countries, and a high level of 
exposure within the three main markets for High Value Products: Europe, North America and APAC.  
Net sales are only partially affected by seasonal variations. In general, sales volumes in seasonal markets 
(particularly in Europe, Russia and CIS and certain areas of North America) are affected in the first half of 
the year by the concentration of summer tyres and motorcycle tyre sales, while in the second half of the 
year by the concentration of winter tyres. All-season tyres are sold throughout the year, and in the other 
markets not affected by seasonal phenomena, without specific seasonal elements. The combined effect does 
not lead to a significant change in seasonal sales during the year. However, such phenomena, more 
significant in markets such as Europe and Russia, generally lead to lower trade receivables at the end of 
the year than the amount recorded in the course of the year, due almost entirely to the collection of 
receivables relating to sales of winter products in such markets during the fourth quarter, while the 
collection of a large portion of receivables relating to summer products generally occurs, in the same 
markets, within the third quarter. 
Pirelli has a geographically diversified production structure, with 18 plants in 12 countries as of 31 
December 2021, with an aggregate production capacity of ~73 million Car tyres. Of this production 
capacity, ~70% is suitable for manufacturing High Value products. As of 31 December 2021, 83% of the 
production capacity for car and radial motorcycle tyres was located in relatively low-cost production 
countries and Pirelli employed approximately 30,690 employees (full-time equivalents) worldwide. 
The charts below show Pirelli position in the High Value Products competitive scenario. The charts below 
show Pirelli position in the High Value Products competitive scenario, thanks to its above average 
homologations, presence in China, Electric Vehicle market share growth and production capacity in low 
cost countries.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
953
334
1st
2nd
3rd
4th
Conventional 
   Leader in ≥19’’ marked
Share leader in China ≥18” 
 #  of  ≥19"  O.E.  marked  items  vs. 
≥18" Repl. market share 2020 
Avg. Top 4 
  Ambitious EVs growth 
2025E O.E. Pirelli Premium Share 
~1.5X 
Traditional 
EV 
Most  of  Capacity  in  Low  Cost 
Countries 
2025E Low Cost Capacity on total
 
83% 
~60% 
 
Tier 1 avg.

--- Page 132 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 131 - 
IT-New 
 
 
   
 
 
Pirelli’s Key Financial highlights since 2018 
2018 figures do not include impacts deriving from IFRS 16 – Leases which was applied starting from 
January 1st of 2019.  
Impacts of IFRS 16 accounting principle in 2021, 2020 and 2019 are the following: 
- 
euro +103.0 million on EBITDA for 2021, euro +103.9 million for 2020 and euro +104.3 
million for 2019; 
- 
Euro 504.4 million on Net financial position for 2021, euro 465.8 million for 2020 and euro 
483.1 million for 2019. 
(€ in millions - FYE 31/12)  
2018A 
2019A 
2020A 
2021A 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenues 
5,194.5 
5,323.1 
4,302.1 
5,331.5 
   % growth  
-2.9% 
2.5% 
-19.2% 
+23.9% 
   % high value sales  
63.7% 
66.5% 
70.4% 
70.9% 
 
 
 
 
 
EBITDA adjusted
1  
1,234.7 
1,310.0 
892.6 
1,210.7 
   % margin  
23.8% 
24.6% 
20.7% 
22.7% 
 
 
 
 
 
EBIT adjusted 
955.0 
917.3 
501.2 
815.8 
   % margin  
18.4% 
17.2% 
11.6% 
15.3% 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Income2 
448.8 
457.7 
42.7 
321.6 
   % margin  
8.6% 
8.6% 
1.0% 
6.0% 
 
 
 
 
 
Capex  
463.4 
390.5 
140.0 
345.6 
   % revenues  
8.9% 
7.3% 
3.3% 
6.5% 
EBITDA adjusted - Capex  
771.3 
919.5 
752.6 
865.1 
2 Wheels                             Emerging 
Leader in Moto High Value 
Moto High Value Repl. 
Market 
 
1st
2n
d
3r
d
4t
h
Back in Cycling 
Started production Made 
in Italy (Bollate) 
 
First in O.E. with Cyber Tyre 
First in the World to equip 
sensorized tyres in O.E. 
Services 
 Tyre subscriptions 
 Prestige 
travel 
experiences  
Micro‐mobility 
For  corporations  and 
hospitality

--- Page 133 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 132 - 
IT-New 
 
   Cash conversion ratio  
62.5% 
70.2% 
84.3% 
71.5% 
 
 
 
 
 
Net 
cash 
flow 
before 
dividends & convertible bond 
impact3  
38.4 
344.1 
207.6 
431.25 
   % revenues 
0.7% 
6.5% 
4.8% 
8.1% 
Net Financial Position  
3,180.1 
3,507.2 
3,258.4 
2,907.1 
  Net Leverage  
(Net Financial Position on 
EBITDA adjusted) 
2.49x4 
2.59x4 
3.65x 
2.40x 
 
 
 
 
 
1. 
The adjustments refer to one-off, non-recurring and restructuring expenses to the amount of euro 101.4 million in  2021 (euro 99.3 million for 2020, 
euro 111.0 million for 2019 and euro 109.8 million for 2018), to expenses relative to the retention plan approved by the Board of Directors on February 
26, 2018 to the amount of euro 4.7 million (euro 8.4 million for 2020, euro 6.9 for 2019 and euro 13,3 million for 2018), and to COVID-19 direct 
costs to the amount of euro 18.9 million (euro 59.8 million for 2020). 2019 also included costs relative to renegotiation of commercial agreements to 
the amount of euro 13.1 million (euro 14.2 million for 2018) and the benefit derived from tax credit in Brasil to the amount of euro 71.0 million. 
2. 
For 2018 net income related to continuing operations. 
3. 
Convertible bond impact applicable for 2020 only. 
4. 
2018 and 2019 ratios are calculated on EBITDA adjusted without start up costs which amounts to euro 1,279.1 million in 2018 
and 1,350.7 million in 2019. 
5. 
Approximately €51 million due to delta working capital and other changes within the operating net cash flow. 
 
Structure of gross debt 
As of March 31, 2022 the Pirelli Group had a liquidity margin equal to Euro 1,940.7 million, composed of 
Euro 1 billion in the form of non-utilised committed credit facilities, Euro 842.9 million in cash and cash 
equivalents and financial assets at fair value through the Income Statement to the amount of Euro 97.8 
million. The liquidity margin of Euro 1,940.7 million guarantees coverage for maturities for borrowings 
from banks and other financial institutions, until February 2024.  
The structure of gross debt which amounted to Euro 4,956.6 million (whose on 84.0% was on average 
denominated in Euro in the previous twelve months), was as follows:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(in millions of euro) 
03/31/2022 
Maturity date 
within 1 year 
between 1 
and 2 years 
between 2 
and 3 years 
between 3 
and 4 years 
between 4 
and 5 years 
more than 5 
years 
ESG financing 2022 
                  
597,4  
                           
‐    
                           
‐    
                           
‐    
                           
‐    
                      
597,4  
                           
‐    
Convertible bond 
                  
463,3  
                           
‐    
                           
‐    
                           
‐    
                      
463,3  
                           
‐    
                           
‐    
EMTN programme bond 
                  
551,1  
                      
551,1  
                           
‐    
                           
‐    
                           
‐    
                           
‐    
                           
‐    
Schuldschein 
                  
242,5  
                           
‐    
                      
222,6  
                           
‐    
                        
19,9  
                           
‐    
                           
‐    
Pirelli  &  C.  bilateral  borrowings 
from banks 
               
1.221,6  
                        
99,9  
                      
722,9  
                      
398,8  
                           
‐    
                           
‐    
                           
‐

--- Page 134 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 133 - 
IT-New 
 
Sustainable credit facility 
                  
796,3  
                           
‐    
                           
‐    
                           
‐    
                      
796,3  
                           
‐    
                           
‐    
Other loans 
                  
589,5  
                      
577,9  
                          
3,1  
                          
8,5  
                           
‐    
                           
‐    
                           
‐    
Lease liabilities 
                  
494,9  
                        
88,7  
                        
71,2  
                        
62,9  
                        
53,1  
                        
42,5  
                      
176,5  
Total gross debt 
               
4.956,6  
                   
1.317,6  
                   
1.019,8  
                      
470,2  
1.332,6  
639,9  
176,5  
  
  
26,6% 
20,6% 
9,5% 
26,9% 
12,9% 
3,5% 
 
 
Business Review  
Description of Pirelli operations, products and services 
Pirelli is a global manufacturer of tyres for cars (representing more than 90% of revenues in 2021), 
motorcycles and bicycles (representing less than 10% of revenues in 2021), with a particular focus on the 
development, production and marketing of High Value Products. Beginning with the 2014-2016 Business 
Plan, Pirelli focused the Consumer Business on the product and market segment with highest value, 
aligning the following functions to this end: research and development, relationships with car 
manufacturers, relationship with the distribution network and production capacity.  
Three specific categories of Car High Value Products which, even though they are defined on the basis of 
different parameters (rim size, client and technical characteristics or customisation) overlap with each other 
and are associated with profit margins that are significantly higher than the average profit margins for 
Standard products, may be identified: 
 
"Car ≥18". Tyres with a rim size ≥18", which are viewed as High Value Products by consumers 
primarily because of their size. They are intended primarily (but not exclusively) for Prestige cars 
which traditionally include automobile manufacturers such as Ferrari, Lamborghini, Maserati, 
Bentley, Bugatti, Rolls Royce, Porsche, Aston Martin, McLaren and Pagani (such cars, "Prestige 
cars" and such OEMs, "Prestige OEMs"), and Premium cars, which traditionally include cars 
manufactured by OEMs such as BMW, Mercedes, Audi, Alfa Romeo, Jaguar, Land Rover, Infiniti, 
Lexus, Lincoln, Acura, Cadillac, Tesla and Volvo (such cars, "Premium cars", and such 
manufacturers, "Premium OEMs"). In the year ended 31 December 2021, the Car≥18" tyres 
represented 94.0% of the total Car High Value Products tyres sales; 
 
"Prestige". Tyres that are designed and developed in partnership with Prestige manufacturers. 
In this case, the added value of the product lies in the fact that Prestige tyres are subject to 
homologation, and in most cases, to original marking. Prestige tyres are primarily, but not 
exclusively, have a rim size ≥18", and as such also belong to the Car ≥18" tyre category; and 
 
"Specialties" and "Super Specialties". High-tech tyres for cars of every class, which meet the 
needs of specific applications (such as Runflat and Elect) or customisations (e.g. "Colour Edition" 
tyres) of the end consumer and are seen by the consumer as High Value Products. In most cases, 
Specialties and Super Specialties tyres have a rim size ≥18" and are sometimes designed and 
developed in partnership with OEMs of Prestige cars (falling within the segment of Prestige tyres). 
High Value Products also include tyres for high-end motorcycles that ensure high levels of performance, 
such as radial tyres for off-road use (enduro and motocross) or custom cruisers.  
Market Standard Products, which meet the needs of certain automobile, motorcycle and bike manufacturers 
who request collaborations not only for high-end cars, or in markets where demand for High Value 
Products is still poorly developed, are also produced. 
Pirelli’s specific focus on the High Value Product segment requires the Pirelli Group to operate in close 
contact with the OEMs of Prestige and Premium cars, as well as with motorcycle manufacturers such as 
Ducati, BMW, MV Agusta, Triumph and KTM. Partnerships with producers are a fundamental starting 
point for ensuring a strong position within the High Value Product market, for both Original Equipment 
and Replacement. In the case of Original Equipment, car manufacturers benefit from a joint development 
process with the suppliers of tyres equipped on their models, through a homologation process that confirms

--- Page 135 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 134 - 
IT-New 
 
the perfect combination of the tyre with the characteristics and the electronics of the car. The joint 
development of the tyre and its homologation also serves to build the loyalty of end consumers (generally 
higher in the High Value Product segment), which directly impacts the Replacement segment.  
Car and Light Truck Products 
Car products offered are divided into product families and the main ones corresponds to the following 
brands: (i) P Zero; (ii) Cinturato; (iii) Sottozero; and (iv) Scorpion and on the variants of Specialty and 
Super Specialty tyres within each of these product families.  
Light truck (Van) products are offered in a product family named Carrier. 
Operational model 
The wide range of products that the Pirelli Group offers are conceived, created, checked and marketed 
according to an organisational model based on an integrated supply-chain that ranges from product 
development to commercialisation and marketing. The following graph and paragraphs illustrate and 
describe the various processes throughout the supply-chain and the correlation between them in the context 
of this integrated process. The following graph presents the typical operating model for car tyres (a similar 
model is also applied with respect to motorcycle tyres).  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Starting from the development of tyres, and continuing through a continual collaboration with the 
manufacturers of Premium and Prestige cars, Pirelli's business model seeks to develop an integrated process 
that spans from the car manufacturer to the end consumer, in order to provide products that can satisfy the 
needs of the most demanding users. 
Partnerships with manufacturers are fundamental to the Pirelli Group's business model, since they allow 
the Pirelli Group to gain broad visibility in the technological innovations that such manufacturers intend to 
incorporate into their products before they are effectively launched in the market. This allows the Pirelli 
Group to appropriately plan its short and medium-term investments, particularly in research and 
development and production. The product development phase generally ends with the approval of the tyre 
approximately 24 months after Pirelli receives the invitation to participate in the supplier selection (while 
delivery of the first order generally takes place three years from date) (see points (1) and (4) in the chart 
above) and, as a result of a trade agreement, with the allocation of a supply quota (see point (5) in the chart 
above). In parallel to these activities (which are more relevant for High Value Products, while the Standard 
Products make use of the technical know-how Pirelli has acquired and its knowledge of the market), the 
Pirelli Group closely monitors the trends of the world car and motorcycle market, and in particular the 
developments in the registration of new cars (see point (2) in the chart above), which are generally directly 
related to the growth rate of the economy in the various countries in which they operate. As a result of the 
approvals, or homologations, obtained by the automobile manufacturers and the analysis of the registration 
O. E. 
Replacement 
Tyre Market 
Push through 
Demand 
 New 
Registrations 
Car Parc 
Pull through 
Demand 
Homologation 
Product 
Development 
SALES PLANS 
DEMAND PLANNING 
FACTORIES 
SUPPLY CHAIN 
TRADE ENGAGEMENT 
CONSUMER ENGAGEMENT  
1 
2 
3 
4 
1 
5 
8 
9 
7 
6 
10 
11 
12 
13 
14 
15 
Corporate activities through the chain 
Consumer

--- Page 136 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 135 - 
IT-New 
 
trends, Pirelli is able to obtain medium and long-term visibility (three to four years) on the expected 
production in the Original Equipment market (see point (3) in the table above), consistent with the 
development process for new passenger cars, as well as development of new registrations. 
In the upstream phases of the supply-chain, Pirelli also monitors the car park in circulation (see point (6) in 
the chart above) at the global and regional levels, which forms the basis for reference for the Replacement 
market. By correlating the data for the vehicles in circulation to the tyre replacement rate, Pirelli is able to 
obtain a clear outlook on the demand trends in the Replacement market (see point (7) in the chart above) 
and the potential revenues to be generated in this market. This segment in turn can be broken down into a 
potential pull-through market (see point (8) in the chart above), which derives from the spare parts from 
cars equipped with at least one version of Pirelli approved tyres as Original Equipment (which are very 
easy to predict over a multi-year time horizon, characterised by dynamics of loyalty with its approximately 
80% of pull-through rate), and a potential push-through market (see point (9) in the chart above), which 
derives from the replacements needed on cars where Pirelli has no approvals (subject to broader 
competitiveness dynamics and dealing with specific integrated marketing plans). The potential push-
through and pull-through markets, multiplied by the expected market share, generates the basis for sales 
plans (see point (10) in the chart above). 
The sales plans, by way of demand planning (see point (11) in the chart above) are integrated with the 
production structure, which operates in close coordination with the purchasing departments. At a centralised 
and integrated level, orders from Original Equipment clients and "Tier 1" Replacement clients (e.g. clients 
who use the ordering method provided for in the Pirelli Group's sales agreements) are collected, and 
projections for the rest of the sales channels are formulated. This information is translated into production 
requests that are then allocated between production plants in such a way that seeks to minimise response 
times and maximise the level and efficiency of the service (see point (12) in the chart above). 
The tyres produced are then distributed through the supply chain (see point (13) in the chart above) until 
they arrive at the distribution networks, or directly at the retail outlets, which allow the Pirelli Group to 
serve the customer base in an increasingly geo-localised way (see point (14) in the chart above). 
Downstream in the production chain, the Pirelli Group has also implemented a series of initiatives aimed 
at assisting the consumer, from brand consideration to repurchasing, for which the customer consults both 
digital and physical references. (See point (15) in the chart above). 
Description of the various functions of Pirelli  
Pirelli's organisational model can be divided into the following main phases, which correspond to 
specific functions: (i) Product Development and Original Equipment (ii) Research and Development, (iii) 
Purchasing, (iv) Production Process, (v) Quality Control (vi) Supply Chain, (vii) Clients and points of sale, 
and (viii) Client Engagement and Marketing. Coordination and integration between the various phases of 
the chain are managed at the headquarters in Milan, mainly by the departments involved in demand 
planning, together with the logistics function which, in addition to dealing directly with distribution, also 
manage and oversee the entire production process from the purchase of raw materials to the delivery of the 
finished product. 
The following paragraphs address each phase of the production cycle separately. 
Product Development and Original Equipment  
The first phase of Pirelli's operating model consists in the development of the product in close collaboration 
with the Premium and Prestige car manufacturers, for the purpose of creating Original Equipment tyres for 
the cars they produce. The defining feature of the High Value Product sector is the high level of 
technological implementation that vehicle manufacturers require from their tyre manufacturers through 
product specifications and, as a result, these collaborations with vehicle manufacturers have proved to be 
crucial for tyre development. Examples of instances where this phenomenon has contributed to tyre 
development are the lowered tyre walls designed for a better grip on the road and greater space for 
breaking equipment, the technologies allowing for total mobility in the case of a puncture, tyres with low 
or very low rolling resistance for lower fuel consumption resulting in lower Co2 emissions. 
Product development, supported by the testing and standardisation phases, is geared towards the 
development of tyres that fit the dynamic characteristics and electronics of the automobile.

--- Page 137 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 136 - 
IT-New 
 
Obtaining homologations allows the sale of tyres as original replacement. Only those tyres that are 
approved, or homologated, by an Original Equipment Manufacturer can be sold in respect of a given car 
model in the Original Equipment channel. This factor, particularly for Marked tyres, directly affects the 
Replacement segment due to greater customer loyalty, as customers frequently prefer to keep the same 
tyres as they had for their Original Equipment. The product development phase begins with the receipt of 
an invitation to tender or request for quote from the client. This request is generally sent by car or 
motorcycle manufacturers to a number of tyre suppliers, accompanied by technical specifications. Next, 
each tyre supplier negotiates the details of the partnership and commercial terms with the manufacturer 
in various stages to agree on the terms of an agreement and the appointment as official partner to the 
manufacturer. For partnerships with Premium and Prestige manufacturers, a supply share of between 
20.0% and 25.0%, together with 4-5 other tyre manufacturers is generally obtained. In some cases, Pirelli 
is the exclusive supplier—this is mainly with Prestige car manufacturers whose production volumes are 
limited (such as McLaren) or with American automakers limited to certain tyre sizes (and not all tyres 
mounted on one car model) sold only in the United States. Once the prices and the supply amount have 
been determined, the joint product development phase begins. During this phase, product development 
costs are generally borne by the company, and are reflected in the final price of the tyres. Only in rare cases 
are they directly funded by the car manufacturers. Except for specific cases, the agreements include 
automatic price adjustment mechanisms based on the prices of raw materials (70.0% of the sales volume is 
covered by adjustment agreements based on cost matrices on a quarterly to annual basis, while in the 
remaining 30.0% of cases, the management of raw material trends is discussed during annual trade 
negotiations). Changes in the prices of raw materials are reflected in the price of tyres with an average 
time delay of approximately six months (between a minimum of three and a maximum of nine months). 
The majority of collaborations take place by means of commercial order-based trading, and written 
agreements are not always made. Supply contracts in written forms include compensation clauses, 
termination due to breach, and contractual resolution assumptions that have never been implemented in the 
recent past. However, there are no particular safeguards against credit risk in relationships with automakers, 
as this risk is considered to be of low relevance. 
Research and Development  
The research and development activities carried out are a key phase in the development of new products 
and the obtaining of homologations. Consequently, Pirelli pays close attention to technological innovation 
and continuously carry out research and development activities in relation to materials, products and 
production processes. 
As at 31 December 2021, the research and development function had approximately 2,000 employees 
(equal to approximately 7.0% of total employees) based at Pirelli headquarters in Milan as well as in the 
local centers at Breuberg (Germany), Carlisle (England), São Paulo (Brazil), Rome (United States), 
Silao (Mexico), Turin (Italy), Yanzhou and Jiaozhou (China), Voronezh (Russia), Slatina (Romania), 
Subang (Indonesia) and Izmit (Turkey). The local centers allow for direct relationships with major 
automobile manufacturers and facilitate local market knowledge and contribute to adapt the innovations 
and improvements gained on a central level to the needs of such markets. 
The research and development team, which is in close contact with other departments within the company, 
including marketing, in order to identify areas of greater interest based on customer feedback, focuses on 
three main objectives: (i) developing materials, products and processes to produce increasingly high 
performance tyres and adhere to the acceptance requirements set by manufacturers of Prestige and Premium 
cars; and (ii) manage product complexity and reduce costs without sacrificing production quality. 
Among the innovations aimed at improving production processes referred to in point (i) above, there is the 
recent introduction of the "Smart Manufacturing" program, based on the use of the "data" through "Big 
Data analytics" techniques alongside "Lean Manufacturing" programs aimed at improving the production 
and maintenance processes, the productivity of the machines and the quality of the products, also on a 
prospective basis, notwithstanding a significant reduction in the size of the processing batches. "Smart 
Manufacturing" stems from the fourth industrial revolution ("Industry 4.0"), and involves the digital and 
integrated management of factory processes. 
The research and development model, implemented in accordance with the Open Innovation Model, is 
complemented by collaborations with third parties, such as suppliers, universities, and car 
manufacturers, in order to predict technological innovations in the industry and to direct Pirelli's research 
and development efforts towards meeting and anticipating the needs of the customers.

--- Page 138 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 137 - 
IT-New 
 
Specifically, the research and development team enters into joint-development and collaboration 
agreements with many universities and suppliers in Italy and abroad. These joint development agreements 
with strategic suppliers and partnerships with universities have allowed to achieve the forefront of 
technological innovation in the medium and long term, with special regard to raw materials. At the same 
time, through the partnerships with Prestige and Premium car manufacturers, Pirelli has launched 
numerous short- and medium-term collaborative projects to cooperate in the development of innovative 
technology (around 200 as of the end of 2021). 
In addition, a constant monitor of the evolution of legislation in order to anticipate possible legal 
developments and anticipate production development activities in order to capture potential market 
opportunities is carried out.  
The following paragraphs provide a description of the main research and development activities, 
including (i) new products; (ii) new materials (including nanotechnologies and organic biomaterials); 
(iii) new production processes and tyre electronics; and (iv) innovations resulting from the collaboration 
with FIA - International Automobile Federation and other sports competitions. 
Development of new products 
To develop new products that are specifically intended to meet the needs and technical specifications of 
customers, Pirelli has established long-lasting relationships with major automobile manufacturers, 
including Alfa Romeo, Audi, Aston Martin, Bentley, BMW, Ferrari, Ford, Jaguar, Land Rover, Maserati, 
McLaren, Mercedes, Pagani, Porsche and Volvo, as well as some of the most well-known motorcycle 
manufacturers, including BMW, Ducati, Triumph, KTM and MV Agusta. 
In particular, the homologation at the end of the development process consists of a certification issued by 
manufacturers certifying how the tyre is consistent with the technical characteristics approved by the 
manufacturer for a specific vehicle (a "Homologation"). The Homologation process begins before the 
launch of a new model by automobile manufacturers, and lasts approximately 24 months. 
In addition, all Prestige and Premium automobile manufacturers have gradually introduced "markings" on 
the sidewall of the tyre to give greater emphasis to the standardisation and ensure visibility in the 
Replacement channel for consumers and retailers when it comes to replacing a worn tyre with a new one 
of equal performance and quality. As of 31 December 2020, in Europe, Pirelli has a product line of more 
than 900 products equal or greater than 19 inches with original marked homologations, almost twice than 
nearest competitor (Continental, with over 450 marked homologations), and nearly three times the average 
of the top four tyre manufacturers. 
At the 2021 International IAA Mobility Show in Munich nearly one in three electric cars (29.0%) at the 
show and on the road in Munich was equipped with Pirelli tyres, some of them containing Elect 
technology, designed for cars with zero or low emissions. Pirelli Elect tyres are characterized by a 
package of specific technologies for electric and plug-in hybrid cars: low rolling resistance to increase 
range, decreased road noise to improve comfort, immediate grip to deal with instant torque, and the right 
structure to support the weight of a battery-powered vehicle. These have been developed by Pirelli 
together with the world’s leading carmakers to meet the specialized technical demands of electric and 
plug-in hybrid vehicles according to Pirelli’s ‘perfect fit’ philosophy, with a specific compound, structure 
and tread pattern design for each car. The world’s first Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) certified tyres 
was on show for the first time: the Pirelli P Zero tyres which contain FSC-certified natural rubber and 
rayon, fitted on new BMW iX5 Hydrogen and BMW X5 xDrive45e Plug-In Hybrid. In July 2021 Pirelli 
presented its very first high load index tyre: a new type of tyre dedicated primarily to electric or hybrid 
cars and SUVs. 
In April 2021 Pirelli Powergy has been launched: a summer tyre for modern crossovers, SUVs, sedans 
and MPVs, created using the latest virtual simulation technology developed by Pirelli: the processes 
created by its Research and Development department to develop Powergy will be used for subsequent 
new tyres. The new product line is characterized by excellent wet braking (the whole range is class A), 
low rolling resistance, and contained noise emissions.  
In February 2021 Pirelli launched the new Cinturato All Season SF2, a year-round tyre that complies 
with all winter legislation and delivers a safe driving experience in any weather condition, as underlined 
by renowned German testing body TÜV SÜD - which recently awarded the new Cinturato its

--- Page 139 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 138 - 
IT-New 
 
‘Performance Mark’ - and from the comparative tests that Dekra carried out against its principal 
competitors. 
In October, 2021 Pirelli launched Cinturato Winter 2: a winter tyre for medium-sized cars and CUVs 
that offers market-leading performance in all sorts of winter weather, as proven by German certification 
board TÜV SÜD, which has awarded also to this tyre its Performance Mark. 
As far as motorcycle tyres are concerned, in February DIABLO ROSSO™ IV has been launched, the 
fourth generation of the DIABLO ROSSO™ family, which in the same 2021 has exceeded 5 million 
units sold. The new product has been designed for supersports, naked and crossover motorcycles and for 
‘sporty’ road use. 
As far as bicycle tyres are concerned, Pirelli recently expanded its product lines with a new family of 
clincher tyres - P ZEROTM - in the form of P ZERO Race, the product designed for pure performance, 
and P ZERO Road, the alternative for those looking for an all-round clincher more oriented towards 
durability, taking over P ZERO Velo, Pirelli's first clincher, launched in June 2017. 
Development of new raw materials  
The Research and development of innovative materials is essential in order to design and manufacture "Eco 
& Safety" tyres which are increasingly sustainable and which guarantee lower environmental, health and 
safety impacts throughout their life cycle while ensuring greater driving safety. In this context, Pirelli’s 
Research and Development focuses, for example, on high dispersion silica for improved wet grip, rolling 
resistance and mileage; new technologies applied to the development of polymers, fillers and plasticisers 
to improve the wear rate of tyres; bio-materials such as lignin and sepiolite and plasticisers/resins of plant 
origin; textile reinforcements with fibres from renewable sources; nano-fillers for more stable compounds, 
lighter structures and liners with elevated air retention; new silica surfactants to ensure performance 
stability and processability. In the field of biomaterials, in addition to the introduction of resins and 
plasticisers from natural origin, Pirelli has focused on silica deriving from the rice husk.  
The Pirelli Group has entered into cooperation agreements with various international and national 
institutions and universities. These agreements – which include numerous research projects, for example, 
with the University of Milano-Bicocca, as part of the Consortium for Advanced Materials Research 
(CORIMAV) - allow for the development of innovative materials and solutions, which are essential for the 
production of tyres with low environmental impact and high performance. The Joint Labs agreement 
between Pirelli, and the Politecnico di Milano, established in 2011 for research and training in the tyre 
sector, is aimed at the development of innovative materials and technologies for increasingly safe and 
sustainable mobility. The most recent phase of the agreement, with a three year duration (2021-2023), 
focuses on two main areas of research: materials (with the development of innovative solutions and 
modelling of mixing processes) and product and cyber development (with integrated static or dynamic 
simulation and innovative modelling). 
Supporting professional training, the "R&D Excellence Next" postgraduate university Master’s degree was 
also recently inaugurated. This was conceived in collaboration with Milan Polytechnic, involving 34 young 
engineers newly hired by Pirelli, in order to train specialized engineers. This is an evolution of the careers 
that several researchers and doctoral students have enjoyed within Pirelli, in areas such as innovative 
materials, modelling and cyber, which has contributed to the success of these joint projects over the last 10 
years.  
Innovation of production processes and tyre electronics  
In terms of production processes, Pirelli has developed innovative systems such as the Modular Integrated 
Robotised System (MIRS), a highly automated production system capable of handling different materials 
and producing a wide range of sophisticated and high performance tyres, or the Continuous Compound 
Mixing (CCM) system, which replaces the traditional compound preparation process with a continuous-
running process and produces a higher quality product. Pirelli has also developed an advanced version of 
each of these systems, respectively the Next-MIRS and the P-TSM (Pirelli Twin Screw Mixing) and further 
technological evolutions are in an advanced stage of development. 
Pirelli also launched the "Smart Manufacturing" program in order to more effectively manage the variety 
of tyres in the factories. This program uses data through big data analytics techniques, alongside lean

--- Page 140 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 139 - 
IT-New 
 
manufacturing programs, to improve production and maintenance processes, machine productivity, and 
product quality, as well as assess outcomes of future changes, despite a significant reduction in batch size. 
"Smart Manufacturing" stems from the fourth industrial revolution ("Industry 4.0"), and involves the digital 
and integrated management of factory processes. 
Pirelli continued to develop its CYBER™ technologies which, thanks to the sensors inside the tyre, and the 
fact that the tyre is the only element of the car capable of ‘sensing’ the conditions of the surface on which 
it is being driven, will contribute in delivering essential information to improve vehicle performance and 
driving safety. Pirelli was the first company in the world in the tyre sector to share information on the 5G 
network about road surfaces detected by sensorised or ‘smart’ tyres, and to identify situations that 
potentially compromise driving safety such as aquaplanes. In 2021, for the first time in the world, a car 
(McLaren Artura) has been equipped as standard with sensor-equipped tyres: Pirelli’s Cyber Tyre system, 
made up of a sensor in each tyre that gathers vital data for safe driving, linked to software integrated into 
the car’s onboard computer. 
Innovations from the collaboration regarding the FIA Formula One World Championship and other 
motorsports competitions  
Pirelli has been the official tyre supplier for the FIA Formula One World Championship since the 2011 
racing season; the initial three-year contract with the FIA - the International Automobile Federation - has 
been renewed several times; the current agreement will expire at the end of the racing season 2024. 
Participation in the FIA Formula One World Championship has contributed to Pirelli’s development of  
innovative simulation models, that will further reduce new products’ development times, and to the use of 
advanced materials, indoor test methodologies, quality controls, production processes, which will also 
improve the quality of road and sport product projects, making them more productive, always compliant 
with strict requirements and allowing for a better understanding of behaviour of materials in different 
operating conditions. 
Pirelli is the only official tyre supplier for the FIA World Rally Championship for the racing seasons 2021 
to 2024. Of note is that Pirelli will supply all the competitors running 4x4 cars that will compete in all the 
rounds, from RC1 hybrid cars, the top category in the Championship, to RC2 and RC3 classes.  
In addition, Pirelli supply tyres in many regional and national motorsport races around the world both to 
4WD and 2WD cars and in an open competition environment with other tyres manufacturers.  
The FIA’s choice, as well as the results achieved in various championships, is a confirmation of Pirelli’s 
leadership in competitive motorsports, thanks to the experience gained in over 115 years of racing. 
Pirelli has also been the exclusive tyre supplier for all the GT Series organized by the SRO Motorsports 
Group, one of the most prominent promoters worldwide in the Grand Touring (GT) categories, since 10 
years. GT cars are mainly prestige and super cars modified for endurance or sprint racing. Car 
Manufacturers are strongly involved in the GT competitions with their Customer Racing departments. 
Participation in GT and Touring Cars activities allows Pirelli to create and maintain a strong relationship 
and technical partnership with the best car manufacturers in the world. 
In the motorbike industry, Pirelli has been the only official tyre supplier of the SBK Superbike World 
Championship (WSBK) since 2004, where advanced technologies are developed, that are subsequently 
used in products sold for sport and road use. The SBK Superbike World Championship falls within the 
competence of the International Motorbike Federation since its establishment in 1988. In the European two-
wheel championships, in which more than one tyre manufacturer participates, Pirelli equips an average of 
70% of the motorcycles deployed on the paddock, which confirms the appreciation demonstrated by 
motorcycle riders around the world for the Pirelli brand. 
Overall, as of 31 December 2021, Pirelli was engaged in more than 350 competitions worldwide. 
Purchasing  
Significant importance is given to the planning and management of purchasing, and to relationship with 
suppliers, both with respect to being able to obtain the best conditions in terms of cost, response time, 
innovation and product quality, and as an element for supporting the functionality and efficiency of the 
production process.

--- Page 141 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 140 - 
IT-New 
 
To this end, the purchasing function, which as of 31 December 2021, had 144 employees, is involved in 
decisions relating to planning for the needs of supplies on the market, from the initial phase of identifying 
products' technical specifications in collaboration with the Research and Development function, thus 
contributing to identifying the best opportunities in relation to the different needs to be met and to prepare 
an appropriate supply plan. 
Relationships with main suppliers are primarily managed from the Milan headquarters. The entire supply 
phase is subject to strict monitoring, characterised by a process of qualification and approval, for all of 
suppliers, as well as main suppliers from the Milan office according to the Supplier Relationship Model. 
The entire procurement phase is based on a cross-functional procurement process, which is highly 
structured and automated from an operational point of view. In particular, this process comprises the 
following phases: (i) market research on potential suppliers; (ii) qualification of the supplier and product 
type-homologation (of particular relevance for raw materials, auxiliary components, equipment and 
models), for the various production sites at which the suppliers operate and the individual supplies, which 
must be accompanied by special certificates that demonstrate compliance with the required standards; 
(iii) offer; (iv) contracting and order management; and (v) vendor evaluation. 
Supplier relationships are governed by contractual agreements that, in addition to indicating the terms and 
conditions of the supply, generally contain safeguards such as (i) confidentiality clauses and prevention of 
access to confidential information (information security), (ii) compliance with legislation applicable as 
regards anti- corruption, (iii) compliance with standards on business ethics and corporate responsibility, 
(iv) prohibition to undersupply (unless otherwise agreed upon), (v) the obligation to comply with safety 
regulations and (vi) compliance with quality standards (ISO 9001 certification level, product quality 
delivered according to the agreed upon standards, timely and proper delivery of the order. Suppliers who 
fail to comply with these contractual provisions may be subject to the payment of penalties (such as claims 
for damage caused by defects in raw materials and finished products, penalties for delayed delivery or the 
suspension of payments) as well as constitute conditions for contract termination (such as significant 
breaches of quality standards, corporate ethics and responsibility, access to confidential information, 
bankruptcy of the supplier, excessive duration of the force majeure provided for in the contract). 
Production process  
Pirelli mainly uses a delocalised production model, and has 18 production sites (including the Burton site 
active on semifinished products) located in 12 countries. Utilisation levels in the plants were on average, 
approximately 90.0% for the period between 2020 and 2021.  
The following graphic shows the geographical location of the facilities as of the date of this Prospectus.

--- Page 142 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 141 - 
IT-New 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. 49% Joint Venture with the Hixih Group 
 
Quality Management  
Since 1970, Pirelli implemented a quality management system, which has been gradually introduced to all 
production centres. The primary management systems adopted are based on internationally recognised 
standards. Over the course of 2020, the quality management system is being aligned with the international 
standards for management systems, such as ISO 9001:2015 and the private automotive scheme IATF 
16949:2016, which transition ended in September 2017. In 2021, all the certifications achieved were 
verified by third-party bodies and kept active. 
The chain of production is planned, guaranteed, and monitored throughout all of the business operations. 
With respect to raw materials and the production process, a monitoring plan that specifies the quality 
standards for each phase that must be respected in order for high quality products to be produced is 
in place. The monitoring begins during the selection of the suppliers and the controls of the individual 
suppliers, who must provide special certificates demonstrating their compliance with the standards agreed 
upon at the end of the supply contract phase, continuing through the raw material supply phase. The 
monitoring continues during the manufacturing phases of the tyre, both through the verification of the 
correct operation of the machines, and through the analysis of the quality of the semi-finished products. 
U.K. 
- 
Burton – Semi-
finished 
- 
Carlisle – Car 
      Germany 
- 
Breuberg – Car 
/ Moto 
      Romania 
- 
Slatina – Car 
 
      Russia 
- 
Kirov – Car 
- 
Voronezh – Car 
      China 
- 
Yanzhou – Car 
/ Moto 
- 
Jiaozuo – Car 
- 
Shenzhou – 
Car (JV)1 
      Indonesia 
- 
Subang – Moto 
(JV1) 
      Turkey 
- 
Izmit – Car 
 
      Italy 
- 
Bollate – 
Cycling 
- 
Settimo - Car & 
Next MIRS 
          Argentina 
- 
Merlo – Car 
 
          Brazil 
- 
Campinas – 
Car / Moto 
- 
Feira de 
Santana – Car 
      Mexico 
- 
Silao – Car 
      U.S. 
- 
Rome – Car

--- Page 143 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 142 - 
IT-New 
 
The finished products are then subjected to visual checks and checks using instruments. The certifications 
of the products, which allow the commercialisation of the products in the various markets in accordance 
with the regulations laid down by the different countries, are managed by a dedicated department in the 
Quality area with the support of dedicated department in the area of Research and Development.  
Supply Chain  
The tyres produced are distributed through the Supply Chain until they reach the distribution networks. 
Pirelli adopted a system of logistics planning which is adapted to the characteristics of its production 
structure and the different needs of its customer base. 
In particular, the logistics system is divided between primary logistics (e.g. the transport from the 
production sites to the regional warehouses, where the assortment and the distribution to satisfy the demand 
of specific geographic areas are carried out) and secondary logistics (i.e. the delivery of products from the 
regional warehouses to the customers). 
As of 31 December 2021, the logistics structure consists of 16 central warehouses (of which 3 are in South 
America, 2 are in Italy, 1 is in Germany, 1 is in the United Kingdom, 1 is in Romania, 2 are in Russia, 3 
are in China, 1 is in Indonesia and 2 in North America) and 37 regional warehouses (of which 2 are in Italy, 
11 are in the rest of Europe, 6 are in South America, 5 are in North America and 13 are in the rest of the 
world). The management of these warehouses is fully outsourced, with the exception of certain sites in 
Brazil, China, Russia and Spain. This structure allows for delivery times ranging from 24 hours to 72 hours 
for orders managed by regional warehouses. The logistics department also pays specific attention to 
sustainability and environmental impact.  
Clients and Points of Sale  
Pirelli uses a sales system capable of accessing the main markets through its active sales networks in more 
than 160 countries. 
For Original Equipment, after obtaining homologations from the car manufacturers, Pirelli concludes 
agreements that define the quantity and mix of global sales worldwide, as well as the mechanisms by which 
the products are to be distributed between the individual geographic areas. Tyre sales are generally made 
on the basis of supply contracts for year-long periods, which determine the percentage of vehicles produced 
by the manufacturer for which Pirelli has been commissioned for the equipment, without providing for 
minimum quantities that such manufacturers are obliged to purchase. The exact size of the supply is then 
established on a quarterly basis depending on the actual production of vehicles indicated by the 
manufacturer. The management of the price policy in the Original Equipment channel is affected by the 
direct negotiation with the manufacturer, in which the contractual power of the car manufacturers is 
generally high. The contracts, except for specific exceptions, generally include automatic adjustment 
mechanisms to account for price trends of raw materials, with an average time delay of approximately six 
months (between a minimum of three months and a maximum of nine months). 63.0% of the sales volume 
are covered by cost matrix agreements on a quarterly or annual basis, while in the remaining 37.0% of 
the cases, the management of raw material trends is discussed during annual trade negotiations. 
With respect to car manufacturers Pirelli's customer base is particularly diversified and as of 31 December 
2021, Pirelli supplies 43 car manufacturers with Original Equipment.  
In the Replacement market, the main types of customers are: (i) retailers, (ii) specialised distributors and 
(iii) car dealers. 
The chain of proprietary stores (controlled distribution) is concentrated in a few countries in Latam and 
Europe, including Brazil (Comercial e Importadora de Pneus Ltda), Sweden (Dackia Aktiebolag), 
Switzerland (Pirelli tyre (Suisse) SA) and Germany (Pneumobil GmbH). Distribution through own sales 
outlets allows to not only generate profits, but also to create a unique experience for customers, understand 
new market trends and consumers, and offers the opportunity to develop and exploit innovative retail 
concepts that can be subsequently distributed throughout the network.  
As of 31 December 2021, the global distribution network (consisting of subjects at which the consumer 
has the option of buying Replacement tyres, whether or not they are direct customers) has over 18,000 
points of sale, which include the following, in addition to the retail outlets and the e-commerce channels 
described above:

--- Page 144 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 143 - 
IT-New 
 
 
Pirelli Retail made by owned retail outlets described above, franchising, shops, directly served and 
indirectly affiliated independent shops. This channel accounts for about 29% of Car Replacement 
Sales. 
Besides them, the following controlled channels contribute to the distribution of Pirelli Car Tyres: 
 
Car dealers (Pirelli sells to manufacturers like BMW, Mercedes, Audi or Porsche, which in turn 
distribute to their own dealers) account for roughly 11% of Car Replacement Sales Units; 
 
Tier 1 partners, either wholesalers or retailers (other than Pirelli's owned retail outlets) account for 
more than 25% of Replacement Sales Units; 
 
Competitor’s owned shops independent dealers not affiliated and the rest of distributors/retailers 
which are non-Tier 1, represent the remaining of distribution. 
Client Engagement and Marketing  
Pirelli provides assistance to end-users through retail sales outlets. Consumers are engaged through 
activities that are aimed at brand awareness (sponsorship and advertising), marketing, and publicity 
campaigns (product launches, and promotions) as well as digital interactions (corporate website, product 
sites and social media). The marketing and communication activities are mainly intended to achieve the 
involvement of Prestige and Premium customers and the enhancement of High Value Products, such as 
those of the P Zero range. 
In the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, consolidated advertising costs incurred accounted for 
approximately 4% of consolidated revenues from sales and services and related to the Consumer Business. 
Pirelli's website, pirelli.com, has been evolving as a web magazine since 2015. It offers a wide range of 
always updated content, covering all aspects of the company (from product to motorsport, from technology 
and innovation to sustainability) and is fully integrated with the social media channels to ensure the daily 
distribution of content worldwide. Pirelli.com is available in 7 languages (Italian, English, German, 
Spanish, Chinese, Portuguese and French), and has a total of approximately 5,5 million yearly visits (in 
2021). 
Relationship with PTG  
Certain companies in the Pirelli Group and some companies in the PTG group are parties to certain 
agreements for the supply, both active and passive, of raw materials (such as natural rubber and carbon 
black) or finished products. These agreements were signed within the context of the Industrial 
Reorganisation, and are intended to remain in force for a limited period.  
In addition, in the context of the Industrial Reorganisation: 
 
Pirelli Tyre signed certain licensing agreements with Aeolus and PTG to enable them to access 
Premium technology developed by Pirelli in industrial tyre-related activities and with PTG only to 
use certain trademarks owned by the Pirelli Group; 
 
The Pirelli Group and PTG (and some of its subsidiaries) have signed several service contracts 
of different durations for the temporary supply by the Pirelli Group of broad spectrum services 
and assistance to ensure full operational continuity for PTG and/or its subsidiaries in the phase 
following the Industrial Reorganisation. 
The Pirelli Brand  
Each year, projects are implemented to enhance brand positioning to engage consumers and all 
stakeholders. Pirelli supports its brand through various activities, such as the following: 
 
Supply of tyres and sponsorships of FIA – International Automobile Federation as the sole supplier 
of tyres for the World Rally Championship for the 2021 to 2024 seasons. Pirelli is also the Global 
Tyre Partner of the FIA Formula One World Championship from 2011 until 2024.

--- Page 145 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 144 - 
IT-New 
 
 
In the motorcycle industry, Pirelli has been the official supplier of the Superbike World 
Championship ("WSBK") since 2004.  
 
In addition, Pirelli is present at more than 350 car and motorcycle championships (in 2021), 
including the Fanatec GT World Challenge, the Ferrari Challenge, the Lamborghini SuperTrofeo 
and the FIM Motocross World Championship. Pirelli also benefits from participating in these 
Motorsport events in terms of research and development. Data collected from track experiences 
is also used for the improvement of road products (e.g. by applying complex grip simulation 
models and quality control processes developed for competitions). 
 
Sponsorship activities. Sponsorship activities are an important opportunity to define the Pirelli 
brand and to involve consumers, and have begun taking into account the characteristics of the 
reference client base, their geographic areas of interest, and the typology of the products to be 
promoted. Pirelli is a sponsor of various competitions that allow to engage with a diverse audience, 
consistent with the business objectives. Main sponsorships in recent years are Luna Rossa Prada 
Pirelli Team, FC Internazionale, Winter sports (such as Ice Hockey, Alpine Ski) and the adventure 
of the ocean navigator A.Beccaria. Each of these sponsorships have an impact on awareness, 
consideration and conversion for Pirelli brand and products through dedicated activations. 
 
The Pirelli Calendar. Pirelli Calendar (known as, TheCal™) was created as a promotional tool in 
1964. Since then, it supports the position of the brand and Pirelli image also in areas outside the 
automotive field, as the luxury lifestyle sector. Thanks to the high popularity of the project, it 
sustains the brand diffusion, reaching a very broad audience.  
 
Pirelli Design. Pirelli Design is the latest evolution of the experience Pirelli has obtained in the 
design and fashion sector through the project P Zero. Pirelli Design seeks to be an incubator 
of Prestige projects that enhance the values of innovation, performance and glamour, inherent to 
the Pirelli brand, through the development of products in the lifestyle sector with prestigious 
partners. 
 
Digital Presence and Social Media. The visibility of the Pirelli brand translates into strong 
consumer involvement through digital communication channels, which, in addition to the global 
digital magazine pirelli.com, include 21 country products’ websites in the main markets, individual 
products landing pages and accounts on the main global social networks, with dedicated editorial 
plans that ensure a constant flow of communication, covering all Pirelli assets (company, product 
and Motorsport). The digital presence of Pirelli can rely also on a consolidated global network of 
influencers. For motorcycling, the mobile application Diablo Super Biker has proven to be 
particularly relevant. 
In addition to the foregoing, in 2022 the Pirelli Group has commenced a number of initiatives aimed at 
celebrating the 150 years of Pirelli, in order to further enhance and value its brand. In particular, a broad 
event and advertising campaign held in Italy in Jan 2022, and many others projects and events will be 
carried out during the entire year through the Pirelli Group’s communications platforms and physically in 
the many countries – such as local celebration institutional events, sport sponsorships including the Formula 
1 and an omnichannel advertising campaign to be launched in the main countries of interests – as well as 
through institutional happenings, cultural events, events for the internal community and launches of new 
products. 
History  
The origins (1872 – 1899) 
Pirelli was incorporated on May 15, 1883 as a limited partnership by shares (società in accomandita per 
azioni) under the name Pirelli & C. The term of duration of the company is fixed by the by-laws as ending 
31 December 2100, and it may be extended by means of a specific shareholders’ resolution. The company’s 
origins date back to 1872, the year in which Giovanni Battista Pirelli founded the limited partnership (società 
in accomandita semplice) "G.B. Pirelli & C. " in Milan for the purpose of manufacturing elastic rubber 
products. In 1883, G.B. Pirelli & C. was liquidated and Pirelli & C., a limited partnership by shares (società 
in accomandita per azioni), was established. In 1873, the first rubber-manufacturing plant was built in Milan. 
Subsequently, Pirelli & C. started producing rubber strips for carriage wheels (1885) and the first velocipede’s

--- Page 146 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 145 - 
IT-New 
 
tyre was launched (1894), as a result of several innovations in the preparation of the materials and in the shell 
packaging. 
Growth and geographic expansion (1900 – 1999) 
The production of motor vehicle tyres started in 1901. Since then, Pirelli experienced a growth marked by 
two main elements: attention to technological development in processes and products, supported by a 
steady commitment in competition, and geographic expansion. 
The geographic expansion, in particular, was undertaken in the early 1900s, when Pirelli opened plants in 
Barcelona (Spain, 1902), Southampton (UK, 1913), Buenos Aires (Argentina, 1917), Manresa (Spain, 
1924) and Burton on Trent (UK, 1928). During the same years, Pirelli began to be engaged in the sports 
sector: in 1907, Itala, an Italian car fitted with Pirelli tyres, won the Beijing to Paris motor race and in 
1913, the first French Automobile Club Grand Prix was won by a Pirelli equipped car. 
In 1922, the Pirelli & C. joint stock company was listed on the Milan Stock Exchange (in 2003 it was 
converted into a joint stock company), then on the New York exchange in 1929 (as the Italian company 
Pirelli, which was created from a restructuring of Pirelli & C.), making it the first Italian group with 
securities traded in the U.S. market. In the same year, Pirelli built the first plant in Brazil, which marked 
the start of its expansion in the country. 
After the First World War, Pirelli designed and launched the first sporting tyre (Superflex Stella Bianca), 
an innovative product, well-known in Italy in the ‘30s, with a reinforced tread to prevent speed strokes. 
Starting in the '40s, Pirelli extended its presence in South America through the inauguration of the Santo 
André plant in Brazil (1940), followed by the opening of the plant in Merlo, Argentina (1955). 
In 1949, Pirelli started to develop the Cinturato tyre, the first Pirelli-branded radial tyre sold at the beginning 
of 1953. The Cinturato, characterised by a robust textile radial belt between the carcass and the tread, 
represented an innovation thanks to its significantly higher safety, performance and survival characteristics 
compared to traditional tyres. In 1959, following the opening of a plant in Figline Valdarno, Italy, Pirelli 
introduced the production of steelcord. 
During the '60s and the '70s, Pirelli confirmed its strategy of geographic expansion and capacity to maintain 
steady levels of technological innovation. In 1960, new plants were opened in Patras (Greece), Izmit 
(Turkey) and Gravataì (Brazil) and, in 1963, Pirelli acquired Veith Gummiwerke AG, a German-based tyre 
manufacturer. From a technological perspective, Pirelli started to design and produce low-profile tyres, 
that, taking advantage of the experience acquired by Pirelli in sporting contests, could satisfy the demands 
generated by the remarkable development in terms of the power of the vehicles produced by the most 
prestigious car manufacturers. This series has been continuously upgraded, leading to the production of 
super low-profile tyres, which represented a strength of both in sporting contests and in the industrial 
market. The '70s were years of great technological advancement, which saw the launch of Cinturato P7, P6 
and P8. 
In the '80s, Pirelli's commitment to technological innovation was reaffirmed by the introduction of the 
first radial tyre for motorcycles. During this period, the Pirelli Group consolidated its geographical 
expansion through the opening of two plants in Brazil (Sumarè (1984) and Feira de Santana (1986)), as 
well as through the acquisition of Metzeler Kaotscuck AG, a German company especially known for the 
manufacturing of motorcycle tyres (1986). This led to a strengthening of Pirelli competitive positioning 
in the market. In 1988, Pirelli acquired the Armstrong Tyre Company, a U.S. tyre manufacturer, through 
which gained a manufacturing presence in North America. 
In the early '90s, Pirelli successfully undertook a challenging corporate and financial restructuring process 
following the recession and the failure to complete the acquisition of Continental AG, a transaction in 
which significant financial resources had been invested. The reorganisation ended in 1994. Since then, 
Pirelli has resumed its geographical expansion, with a view towards locating production in markets with 
strong growth expectations and low-wage costs. Consistent with this approach, in 1999, Pirelli acquired 
control of Alexandria Tire Company SAE, an Egyptian licensee of Pirelli's technologies and manufacturer 
of radial tyres for lorries and buses.

--- Page 147 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 146 - 
IT-New 
 
The consolidation and the activities reorganisation (2000 – 2014) 
In 2000, Pirelli sold the terrestrial fiber optic cables business to Cisco and the optical components operations 
to Corning, for approximately Euro 5 billion. In 2001, through Olimpia, Pirelli acquired a stake in 
Telecom Italia S.p.A., becoming the main shareholder until 2007. 
In the early 2000s, the constant technological research activities enabled Pirelli to develop the Modular 
Integrated Robotised System (MIRS) technology, which was designed to substantially modify the tyre 
manufacturing process, and the compound room with CCM (Continuous Compound Mixing) technology, 
designed to allow for experimentation with innovative mixes and materials. 
The ongoing search for an optimal production platform drove Pirelli to implement a strategy aimed at 
developing its business in high-growth countries. In 2004, Pirelli entered into a joint venture agreement 
with Continental AG for the implementation of steelcord production in Romania. The joint venture 
company, 80% owned by Pirelli, opened a steelcord production plant in Slatina in 2005. In 2005, Pirelli 
spun out its cables, energy systems and telecommunications assets into a newly-formed company named 
Prysmian S.p.A., which was sold to Goldman Sachs. In the same year, 2005, Pirelli opened its first tyre 
production plant in Shandong province, China. This was the beginning of its production in China. 
In 2006, Pirelli opened its first tyre production plant in Romania (Slatina), which was extended in 2011. 
Plans to build an industrial complex in Settimo Torinese began in 2008 when two plants were joined 
together to form what was to become Pirelli’s most cutting-edge facility. In recent years, Pirelli focused its 
research efforts on the development of energy efficient technologies for tyres; in 2009, Pirelli introduced 
the Cinturato P7 tyre, the first high performance tyre developed with a green philosophy. 
In 2010, Pirelli completed the conversion to a pure tyre company by selling Pirelli Broadband Solutions 
and spinning off the real estate assets of Pirelli & C. Real Estate (as of the date of this Offering 
Circular, Prelios S.p.A.). Fondazione Pirelli’s headquarters was inaugurated in the same year, one year 
after its establishment, to safeguard and celebrate its past and to promote its business culture as an integral 
part of Italy’s national cultural assets. 
In June 2010, after a 19-year hiatus, Pirelli returned to Formula 1™ racing and have been the exclusive 
tyre supplier since 2011. Pirelli has also been the exclusive tyre supplier in approximately 460 automobile 
and motorcycle championships. 
In 2011, Pirelli extended its manufacturing presence in the Russian market by way of a joint venture with 
ROSTEC (at that time named Rostekhnologii), and strengthened its presence in Argentina by extending 
the Merlo facility. In 2012, Pirelli signed an agreement with Astra OtoParts to build, by way of a joint 
venture, a motorbike tyre plant in Indonesia. The facility was opened in 2015. Also in 2012, Pirelli’s first 
plant in Mexico was opened, in Silao, focusing on the production of Premium tyres for the NAFTA 
market. In 2014, Pirelli sold the steelcord assets to Bekaert, a Belgian group and technological leader in 
steel wire transformation and coatings. 
The acquisition of Pirelli & C. S.p.A. by Marco Polo Industrial Holding S.p.A. (2015) 
On 22 March 2015, China National Chemical Corporation ("ChemChina"), a state-owned enterprise 
controlled by the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council 
("SASAC") of the People's Republic of China, and China National Tire & Rubber Corporation, Ltd. 
("CNRC"), a company controlled by ChemChina, on the one hand, and Camfin S.p.A. ("Camfin"), Long-
Term Investments Luxembourg S.A. ("LTI") and Coinv S.p.A. ("Coinv"), on the other hand, entered into 
a sale, purchase and co-investment agreement (the "Transaction Agreement") regarding: 
(a) 
the setting-up by CNRC of the corporate structure necessary for the implementation of the 
transaction; 
(b) 
the acquisition by Marco Polo Industrial Holding S.p.A. ("MPH"), of the ordinary shares of Pirelli 
directly held by Camfin;  
(c) 
the re-investment, by Camfin and LTI, of part of the profits derived by the sale of Pirelli's 
ordinary shares directly held by the abovementioned entities, in shares of Marco Polo International 
Italy S.p.A. ("Marco Polo");

--- Page 148 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 147 - 
IT-New 
 
(d) 
the execution by the parties, as of the date of the closing of the sale, of a shareholders' agreement 
concerning all the shares held by them and containing certain provisions regarding, inter alia, both 
Marco Polo and Pirelli's corporate governance and the transfer of the respective shares (the "First 
Shareholders' Agreement"); and 
(e) 
the launch by MPH of a mandatory tender offer on the remaining ordinary share capital of 
Pirelli and of a voluntary tender offer on the overall saving shares issued by Pirelli, with the 
aim of delisting Pirelli, 
(the transactions described in the foregoing paragraphs (a) through (e) above, collectively, the 
"Acquisition"). 
The Acquisition was aimed at creating a long-term industrial partnership between Pirelli, CNRC, Camfin 
and LTI, for the purpose of strengthening development plans, monitoring strategic geographical areas and 
integrating the industrial tyre manufacturing and sale activities (“Industrial Business”) owned by CNRC 
with Pirelli Industrial Business, maintaining continuity and autonomy of Pirelli's current managerial 
structure; all of the above in light of a possible relisting of Pirelli shares following the Industrial 
Reorganisation described below, which subsequently occurred in October 2017. 
Industrial Reorganisation (2015 - 2017)  
Between 2015 and 2017, Pirelli carried out the industrial and corporate steps in view to realize the 
industrial reorganisation based on the principles envisaged in the Transaction Agreement, which was aimed 
at strengthening the development of the Consumer Business, as well as protecting geographically strategic 
areas. 
In particular, the Transaction Agreement envisaged: (i) the completion of the industrial reorganisation of 
the Pirelli Group already underway, following execution of the plan for 2013-2017, with the purpose of 
giving independent relevance to the Industrial Business (including the necessary R&D resources), by means 
of the incorporation of a separate entity controlled by Pirelli Tyre ("Pirelli Industrial"); (ii) the integration 
of Pirelli Industrial with some strategic assets owned by CNRC in the Industrial Business (the "Strategic 
Assets of CNRC"); and (iii) the integration of Pirelli Industrial with a listed company controlled by 
CNRC, Aeolus Tyre Co. Ltd ("Aeolus"). 
The Transaction Agreement also established that, following the completion of the compulsory public tender 
offer on Pirelli shares and the establishment of Pirelli Industrial, the competent corporate bodies of CNRC 
and Pirelli should initiate the necessary corporate procedures for Pirelli Industrial to be integrated with 
the Strategic Assets of CNRC and to complete the integration with Aeolus using a mechanism to be 
defined at a later date. 
In the context of the implementation of the above reorganisation and following the appropriate audits and 
evaluations, as of the second half of 2016, Pirelli considered taking the opportunity of such reorganisation 
to carry out a complete and definitive separation of the Industrial Business from the Consumer Business, 
also in view of a better commercial performance in the Consumer Business. 
This separation was completed in March 2017 and led to the separation and de-consolidation of the 
Industrial Business.  
The industrial reorganisation transaction was accomplished, in summary, as follows: 
(a) 
the industrial reorganisation aimed at separating and ensuring the autonomy of the Industrial 
Business, through the contribution of the relevant going concerns to Pirelli Industrial, subsequently 
renamed Prometeon Tyre Group S.r.l. (PTG or Prometeon); and 
(b) 
the acquisition by Pirelli Tyre of a stake equal to 80.0% of the registered capital of Jiaozuo Aeolus 
Tyre Co., Ltd., a Chinese company owned by Aeolus and engaged in the production and marketing 
of tyres for the Consumer Business (the transactions described in the foregoing paragraph (a) and 
this paragraph (b), together, the "Industrial Reorganisation").

--- Page 149 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 148 - 
IT-New 
 
Contribution of the Industrial Business activities to Pirelli Industrial  
In 2015 and at the beginning of 2016, Pirelli carried out a worldwide corporate separation process of its 
Industrial Business activities. 
In particular, Pirelli completed transactions consisting of the transfer of assets or businesses and demerger 
of the existing subsidiaries of Pirelli Tyre in Brazil, Colombia, Turkey, Poland, Switzerland, Spain, 
Germany, Mexico and the UK. In Colombia and Turkey, the transactions included the establishment of 
new consumer companies as the transferees of the assets and business, respectively, while in all other 
countries, the newly established companies were registered as the transferees or beneficiaries (in the case 
of a demerger) of the industrial business or relevant assets. 
Subsequently, Pirelli Tyre contributed into Pirelli Industrial (at that time controlled by Pirelli Tyre) the 
relevant going concern consisting of the segregated Industrial Business assets and activities (with 
exceptions made for the industrial activities in China and Argentina), including shareholdings in foreign 
companies, by means of a deed of contribution effective as of end of January 2016. 
Agreements with Aeolus  
On 1 October 2016, pursuant to an asset injection agreement entered into on 3 June 2016 between Pirelli 
Tyre, CNRC and Aeolus, as subsequently amended on 28 June 2016 and on 6 September 2016, the 
following transactions were consummated: 
(a) 
the sale by Pirelli Tyre to Aeolus of a stake equal to 10.0% of the registered capital of Pirelli 
Industrial; and 
(b) 
the concurrent acquisition by Pirelli Tyre of a stake equal to 80.0% of the registered capital of 
Jiaozuo Aeolus Tyre Co., Ltd., subsequently renamed Pirelli Tyre (Jiaozuo) Co., Ltd. (at that time 
a company wholly owned by Aeolus, operating in the production and marketing of consumer tyres). 
In the context of these transactions, on 28 June 2016, Pirelli Tyre and Aeolus entered into a patent and 
know-how license and technical assistance agreement, effective from 1October 2016 and until 31 
December 2030. 
Completion of the Industrial Reorganisation and focusing on the Consumer Business  
On 31 December 2016, the transfer to TP Industrial Holding S.p.A. ("TPIH"), at that time a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Pirelli, of a stake equal to 52.0% of the registered capital of Pirelli Industrial, through the 
partial, proportional demerger of Pirelli Tyre in favour of TPIH, was completed. As a result of this 
transaction, 90% of Pirelli Industrial's registered capital was held by Pirelli (of which 38.0% through 
Pirelli Tyre and 52.0% through TPIH), while 10.0% was held by Aeolus.  
On 13 January 2017, the transfer of a stake equal to 38.0% of the registered capital of Pirelli Industrial 
by Pirelli Tyre to High Grade (HK) Investment Management Limited, a company indirectly controlled by 
China Cinda (HK) Holdings Company Limited, was completed. The transaction was concluded for a price 
of approximately Euro 266 million. 
On 1 5  March 2017, Pirelli’s entire stake in TPIH (holding 52.0% of Pirelli Industrial’s registered 
capital) was assigned, through distribution-in-kind of the reserve for retained earnings and its portion of 
the merger surplus reserve, to Marco Polo International Holding Italy S.p.A. ("MPH") and, consequently, 
Pirelli Industrial ceased to be part of the Pirelli Group. On 1 April 2017, Pirelli Industrial was renamed 
Prometeon Tyre Group S.r.l. (PTG). 
With the purpose of completely focusing on the Consumer Business, Pirelli finally completed in 2018 
certain transactions, particularly in Argentina and China, aimed at fully accomplishing the Industrial 
Reorganisation.  
The 2021-2022|25 Industrial Plan 
On 31 March 2021, the Board of Director approved the 2021-2022|25 industrial plan (the “Industrial 
Plan”).

--- Page 150 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 149 - 
IT-New 
 
The Industrial Plan includes two distinct phases at the macroeconomic level:  
 
2021-2022: phase characterised by a substantial rebound in global GDP (with an average annual 
rate equal to +4.6%, driven by China with +6.6% and USA with +4.9%), linked to the COVID-19 
vaccination campaign; 
 
2023-2025: phase of stabilisation both of growth (with an expected average annual rate in the 
period globally of 3.1%, again driven by China with +5.3%), and the currency market. 
The Industrial Plan seizes the opportunities offered by the mentioned scenario, and in strategic continuity 
with the previous plan, remains centred on High Value, leveraging a brand synonymous with reputation, 
leadership and advanced technology, and the following strengths:  
- 
leadership in the ≥ 19” mark (3 times compared to competitors);  
- 
leadership in China in the High Value segment;  
- 
market share increasing in electric vehicles Original Equipment;  
- 
over 83% of production capacity in countries with lower production costs;  
- 
leadership in Motorcycle High Value tyres and strong growth in Cycling tyres;  
- 
consolidation in emerging sectors, such as connectivity, new services and micro-mobility.  
At the same time, the Industrial Plan introduces new elements and accelerates in specific directions: 
- 
growth in specialities, tyres for electric vehicles and diameters ≥ 19’’;  
- 
rebalancing of Original Equipment to give more emphasis to Replacement;  
- 
acceleration of growth in China;  
- 
analysis of the consumer online and offline, with data driven processes also for the development 
of products for the Replacement channel on a regional basis;  
- 
full implementation of the digital business model.  
These criteria will make it possible to:  
- 
fully seize the opportunities offered by the market rebound in the next 24 months; and  
accelerate the generation of cash reinforcing Pirelli’s leadership in High Value specialities. 
Relisting of Shares of Pirelli 
As described above, the ordinary shares of Pirelli were delisted in November 2015 in connection with the 
Acquisition. On 2 October 2017 Pirelli announced the completion of the global offering of its ordinary 
shares (the "Shares") and the admission to listing on the Mercato Telematico Azionario ("MTA") (at the 
date hereof renamed as Euronext Milan, "EXM") organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. ("Borsa 
Italiana"). 400,000,000 shares were allocated to 33,329 applicants at the offer price set at Euro 6.50 per 
Share. Such Shares comprised 350,000,000 Shares from those offered by Marco Polo as selling shareholder 
and 50,000,000 from the exercise of an over-allotment option granted by the selling shareholder in the 
context of the IPO.  
On 3 October 2017 J.P. Morgan Securities plc partially exercised a greenshoe option for 18,904,836 Shares, 
out of the 50,000,000 option Shares granted by Marco Polo, thus entailing the redelivery to the latter of 
31,095,164 Shares lent for the purpose of the over-allotment. The purchase price of the option Shares was 
Euro 6.50 per Share, equal to the offer price in the global offering. The global offering, including the 
greenshoe option, comprised a total of 368,904,836 Shares (corresponding to approximately 37.0% of 
Pirelli's share capital).  
The first day of trading on the MTA (now EXM) was 4 October 2017.

--- Page 151 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 150 - 
IT-New 
 
Recent history (2018-2022) 
De-consolidation of the Venezuelan subsidiary  
On 7 September 2018, Pirelli Tyre completed the disposal of its tyre factory in Venezuela, located in the 
city of Guacara, and all the activities held in the country. The transaction followed the de-consolidation of 
the Venezuelan subsidiary which took place on 31 December 2015 and had no financial effects on the 
Pirelli Group. 
Acquisition of new plant in China  
On 9 October 2018, Pirelli Tyre completed the acquisition of a 49.0% stake in a joint venture with the Hixih 
Group which owned, through the company Jining Shenzhou Tyre Co., a new consumer tyre production 
plant in China. 
In the context of the transaction, Pirelli Tyre was granted a purchase option, exercisable from 1 January 
2021 until 31 March 2026, which – where exercised – would allow it to increase its stake in the 
aforementioned company up to 70.0%. Thereafter, Pirelli Tyre decided to temporarily renounce to exercise 
the option until 31 December 2022 and communicated such decision to Hixih Group.  
The new plant, which is operated by Pirelli Tyre’s management, provides the necessary production 
flexibility in the High Value segment, taking into account the evolution of the Chinese market, the expected 
developments in electric vehicles and the growing share of homologations obtained in the Original 
Equipment segment in China, Japan and South Korea. 
PIS and COFINS social contributions for the period 2003-2014 
On 8 April 2019 Pirelli was informed that a judicial decision by the Federal Regional Court of the First 
Region (T.R.F.-1, with seat in Brasilia), which recognized the right of its Brazilian subsidiary, Pirelli Pneus 
Ltda., to exclude the ICMS tax (State Tax on Operations levied on the delivery of goods and interstate and 
inter-municipal transport and communication services) from the calculation basis of the PIS and COFINS 
social contributions for the period 2003-2014, became final (res judicata). 
This generated a positive impact on the net income of approximately Euro 102 million which was 
recognised in the Income Statement during the second quarter of 2019. 
Investments in Brazil in the period 2019-2021 
On 13 May 2019, Pirelli confirmed its strategic presence in Brazil through a reorganization of its production 
structure with the aim of facilitating the acceleration of its the focus on High Value products and improve 
the competitiveness of its manufacturing sites in the Country, considering also the difficult economic 
context. 
The Company invested Euro 129 million for the period 2019-2021 for the modernization and reconversion 
of its production plants from Standard to High Value, and the ongoing improvement of the mix and quality 
in the factories of Campinas (San Paolo) and Feira de Santana (Bahia). These investments were in addition 
to the Euro 320 million already deployed in the period 2013-2018. This reorganization made Pirelli’s 
presence in Brazil more solid and more competitive. 
COVID-19 
Pirelli responded promptly to the major change in the global scenario due to the COVID-19 outbreak, 
implementing an action plan announced to the financial market on 3 April 2020.  
This plan made it possible to: 
 
guarantee the health and safety of its employees, adopting all necessary prevention measures;  
 
protect productivity and cash generation by containing costs and reshaping investment 
programmes;

--- Page 152 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 151 - 
IT-New 
 
 
strengthen its capital structure: the subscription of a new "sustainable" bank line for 800 million 
euros (for 5 years), the issuance of an "equity-linked" bond for Euro 500 million (for 5 years) and, 
in general, the optimisation of the financial structure by extending the maturities of the debt; and 
 
consolidating the collaboration with the main Premium and Prestige car manufacturers and with 
the sales network in view of the recovery in demand, counting on a resilient supply chain and 
strengthening its leadership in the high-end segment. 
Restructuring Notice of ChemChina and Sinochem  
On 10 September 2021, in the context of the announced joint restructuring between Sinochem Group Co., 
Ltd., (“Sinochem Group”) and ChemChina, Sinochem Group and ChemChina have becomes subject to 
the common control of Sinochem Holdings Corporation Ltd. ("Sinochem Holdings"), which, as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, results to be the ultimate controlling entity of ChemChina (and, therefore, of 
Pirelli). 
ESG Bank Line  
On 21 February 2022, Pirelli has finalized the signing of a 5-year multi-currency bank line of Euro 1.6 
billion (the “ESG Bank Line”), with a pool of primary national and international banks. 
The ESG Bank Line – benchmarked to the Group’s ESG targets – will mainly enable: 
- 
reimbursing debt maturing in June 2022 (around Euro 950 million on 31 December 2021) using 
the ESG Bank Line for Euro 600 million and drawing on the Company’s liquidity for the 
remainder; 
- 
replace Euro 700 million of an available and not utilized line maturing in June 2022 with Euro 1 
billion of the ESG Bank Line, thus increasing financial flexibility by Euro 300 million. 
The operation enables the optimization of the debt profile, extending maturities. 
Legal Proceedings  
The Pirelli Group is a party to certain judicial proceedings. A brief summary of the most material disputes 
as of the date of this Base Prospectus is provided below. 
Proceedings related to a cartel in the electrical cables market 
In 2014, after an investigation regarding a cartel in the electrical cables market, the European Commission 
sanctioned Prysmian Cavi e Sistemi S.r.l., jointly and severally with Pirelli in application of the principle 
of so-called “parental liability” (since Pirelli held the share capital of Prysmian Cavi e Sistemi S.r.l., for 
part of the period of the cartel’s activity, i.e., from 1999 through 2005) with a fine of Euro 67,310,000.00, 
although Pirelli did not have any involvement in the activities of the cartel. On 28 October 2020, the 
European Commission decision had been upheld by the European Court of Justice, which confirmed the 
fine against Prysmian Cavi e Sistemi S.r.l. and Pirelli and the latter paid its portion of the above mentioned 
fine to the European Commission (equal to 50% of the above mentioned fine, plus interest). The judgement 
had no economic impact on Pirelli since the company had already made the opportune provisions in its risk 
and charges fund for potential liabilities relative to these proceedings.  
Since 2014, there has been a pending case brought by Pirelli before the Milan Court of First Instance to 
inter alia obtain a declaration that Prysmian Cavi e Sistemi S.r.l. is under an obligation to hold Pirelli fully 
acquitted and indemnified from (i) any claim related to the cartel (including but not limited to, the fine 
issued by the European Commission) and any charges, expenses, costs and/or damages resulting from 
claims by private and/or public third parties. Prysmian Cavi e Sistemi S.r.l. and Prysmian S.p.A. appeared 
before the Court seeking the dismissal of Pirelli’s claims and, by way of counterclaim, to be held acquitted 
and indemnified by Pirelli in relation to any consequences deriving from claims of private and/or public 
third parties relating to, connected with and/or consequential to the facts covered by the European 
Commission’s decision.  
Pirelli is also currently a defendant in certain private enforcement proceedings initiated after 2014 and 
stemming from the above mentioned EU Commission decision, in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands

--- Page 153 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 152 - 
IT-New 
 
and Italy, where plaintiffs demand compensation for damages from the addressees of the decision; the 
addressees, in turn, have filed reciprocal contribution claims. 
Brazilian tax litigation proceedings 
Brazil – Pirelli Pneus Ltda - Dispute related to the IPI tax rate applicable to certain types of tyres  
Pirelli's subsidiary Pirelli Pneus is involved in a tax dispute with the Brazilian tax authorities concerning 
the IPI tax (Imposto sobre Produtos Industrializados or tax on industrialised products) with particular 
reference to the tax rate applicable to the production and importation of tyres for the Sports Utility Vehicle 
(SUV), vans and other industrial transportation vehicles (such as, for example, trucks). According to 
statements by the Brazilian tax authorities in the tax assessment notices issued during the course of 2015, 
2017 and 2021, the aforementioned tyres should have been subjected to the IPI tax for the production and 
importation of tyres for cars – with an applicable rate of 15% - instead of the 2% rate applied by Pirelli 
Pneus, as is provided for the production and importation of tyres destined for heavy industrial use vehicles.  
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the dispute is pending before the competent administrative and tax 
commissions and, also in light of the recent rulings in favour of Pirelli Pneus, the Pirelli Group maintains 
that it has a good chance of winning. This position is also supported by an appraisal prepared by a Brazilian 
government institution (the INT - National Institute of Technology) specifically commissioned by Pirelli 
Pneus, who concluded their analysis by equating the tyres in question with those used for heavy industrial 
vehicles, in light of their similar characteristics.  
The risk is estimated at approximately Euro 32 million, inclusive of taxes, interest and sanctions.  
The risk of losing the case has not been assessed as probable and, therefore, no provision has been made in 
the Pirelli Group’s financial statements for this dispute. 
Brazil – Pirelli Pneus Ltda - Dispute relating to the tax impacts deriving from the “Plano Verão”  
Pirelli Pneus is involved in a dispute over taxes with the Brazilian tax authorities, which, in the opinion of 
the Company - for the period between 1989 and 1994 - were collected by the Brazilian tax authorities in 
amounts that exceeded what was actually due following the so called “Plano Verão”, the economic measure 
introduced by the then Brazilian government, to control the phenomenon of hyperinflation that was 
affecting the country through price freezes. However, the difference between the real and indexed inflation 
had the effect of creating significant distortions in the financial statements of companies and, last but not 
least, the amount of taxes paid by the same. Pirelli Pneus made use of the real inflation rate for its own 
financial statement valuations and, at the same time, commenced legal proceedings aimed at asserting its 
reasons for the correct amount of taxes owed. In the course of the aforementioned proceedings, Pirelli Pneus 
first adhered to an amnesty for the tax disputes in order to define the dispute in question and, only 
subsequently, on the basis of a ruling with binding effectiveness towards everyone by the Brazilian Supreme 
Court, requested the annulment of the effects of the amnesty, to which it had previously adhered. 
The proceeding is underway before the competent judicial courts and the risk is estimated as amounting to 
up to approximately Euro 30 million, inclusive of taxes, interest and sanctions.  
The risk of losing the case has not been assessed as probable and, therefore, no provision has been made in 
the Pirelli Group’s financial statements for this dispute. 
Brazil – Pirelli Pneus Ltda - Dispute related to transfer pricing with reference to certain intragroup 
transactions 
Pirelli Pneus is involved in a dispute with the Brazilian tax authorities concerning corporate income tax 
(IRPJ - Imposto de Renda Pessoa Jurídica) and social contribution tax on net profits (CSLL - Contribuição 
Social sobre o Lucro Líquido) payable by the company for the fiscal periods of 2008, 2011 and 2012 with 
reference to the application of the transfer pricing regulations for import dealings with related parties. Based 
on the assessment notices sent to the company during 2013, 2015 and 2016, the Brazilian tax authorities 
are mainly contesting the incorrect application by the company of the methodology provided for by the 
administrative practice in force at that time (IN - Instrução Normativa 243 or Instructions for Regulation) 
for the evaluation of transfer prices applied to the importation of goods from related parties.

--- Page 154 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 153 - 
IT-New 
 
To date, the dispute filed by the Company is pending before the competent administrative-judicial courts. 
The Group maintains that it has a good chance of winning and, in this regard, Pirelli Pneus has already 
obtained a favourable ruling from the administrative court, which recognised the Company’s arguments by 
reducing the amount originally contested by the Brazilian tax authorities.  
In light of the above, the risk is estimated at approximately Euro 13 million inclusive of taxes, sanctions 
and interest.  
The risk of losing the case has not been assessed as probable and, therefore, no liability has been accrued 
in the Pirelli Group’s financial statements for this dispute.  
Brazil – Pirelli Pneus Ltda - Dispute related to the IPI with reference to the sale of tyres to the automotive 
sector  
Pirelli Pneus is involved in a dispute concerning the IPI (Imposto sobre Produtos Industrializados or tax 
on industrialised products) also with reference to the sale of components to companies operating in the 
automotive sector. According to the Brazilian tax authority’s claim as stated in a notice of assessment issued 
in 2013, Pirelli Pneus should not benefit, as regards its secondary office established in the city of Ibiritè in 
the Federal State of Minas Gerais, from the IPI tax exemption as provided for by law in the case of sales of 
certain components to companies operating in the automotive sector.  
The dispute is under discussion before the competent administrative and judicial courts. However, the 
Pirelli Group believes it has solid reasons such as to resist the claim of the tax administration.  
The risk is estimated at approximately Euro 17 million, inclusive of taxes, interests and sanctions.  
The risk of losing the case has not been assessed as probable and, therefore, no liability has been allocated 
in the Pirelli Group’s financial statements for this dispute.  
Brazil - Pirelli Pneus Ltda – Dispute related to PIS and COFINS tax base   
Pirelli Pneus is part of a new tax dispute concerning federal taxes and excises (such as PIS - Programa de 
Integração Social or social contribution tax, and COFINS - Contribuição Social para o Financiamento da 
Seguridade Social or tax on Social Security Financing) as well as the ICMS (Imposto Sobre Operações 
Relativas à Circulação or state value added tax). In particular, Pirelli Pneus is involved in a dispute relating 
to the methods of calculating the tax base of PIS and COFINS and the right to deduct the ICMS reported 
on the invoice, based on the interpretation by the tax authorities provided in Solução COSIT 13.  
The risk is estimated at approximately Euro 15 million, inclusive of taxes, interests and sanctions.  
The risk of losing the case has not been assessed as probable and, therefore, no liability has been accrued 
in the Pirelli Group’s financial statements for this dispute. 
Intellectual Property  
Pirelli's competitive position depends on its ability to offer products that can be perceived as distinct 
from those of competitors, and respond to their initiatives. 
This differentiation is achieved through highly technological products. The competitive advantage obtained 
through the product offering on the market must be protected and consolidated by intellectual property 
rights. Pirelli therefore pays special attention to the dynamics associated with technological development 
through the definition of technology, process and product investment strategies depending on the 
competitive advantage gained in terms of intellectual property, and the creation and management of a 
portfolio of trademarks and patents that can consolidate such an advantage. 
Trademarks 
Pirelli owns more than 750 trademarks, corresponding to over 9,300 trademark registrations around the 
world. Registrations are usually made in Europe (EU trademark covering the 27 countries of the 
European Union), USA, Canada, Argentina, Brazil, Turkey, Russia and China, as well as in other countries, 
depending on the specific needs. PIRELLI trademarks (the PIRELLI letters and logo and other figurative

--- Page 155 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 154 - 
IT-New 
 
marks containing a Long P) are owned by Pirelli, while some institutional marks and trademarks are 
owned by Pirelli Tyre.  
Industrial patents and designs  
Pirelli has filed a variety of patents for inventions (of a product or process), which are the result of 
its business model that emphasises technological innovation. Generally, Pirelli files patent applications for 
approximately 40 new inventions each year to cover innovative solutions developed relating to products 
and/or production processes. 
Among product patents, special attention is paid to solutions related to new tread designs, which are also 
protected by industrial designs wherever appropriate. The development of Specialties (Run-Flat, Self-
Sealing, PNCS, coloured tyres) has generated and continues to generate various patents. With respect to 
materials, approximately one third of new solutions patented each year involve the use of new raw materials 
and/or the development of new compounds that improve product performance (rolling resistance, winter 
performance, mileage, handling, etc.). Special attention is also devoted to the protection of production 
processes, and in particular, to the innovative MIRS, Next MIRS, NBM, EVO, EVO-Next, CCM/P-TSM 
and CVA processes. 
Pirelli has also patented numerous Cyber technology solutions, developed by Pirelli since the 1990s. The 
development and refinement of Velo products and processes has recently led to the registration of new 
patents. Most of the patents are filed in the name of Pirelli Tyre. In accordance with a consolidated policy, 
research and development activities within subsidiaries are also centrally funded with the resulting 
intellectual property rights belonging to Pirelli Tyre. 
As of 31 December 2021, Patents active in the portfolio of the Pirelli Group are grouped into approximately 
685 patent families (each of them in relation to a priority application) each extended on average to eight to 
nine countries, for a total of approximately 5,800 national patents. In addition to these, there are 
approximately 100 industrial design families for a total of about 600 national registrations. 
Licenses  
As part of the Industrial Reorganisation, Pirelli Tyre signed several licensing agreements with Aeolus and 
PTG to enable them to (i) access premium technology developed by Pirelli in relation to tyre-related 
activities and (ii) the use of certain trademarks owned by the Pirelli Group. 
Furthermore, as of 31 December 2021, Pirelli is a party to certain licensing agreements related to the Pirelli 
Design project, which was created as a development of the Pirelli Pzero project launched by Pirelli in the 
early 2000s. The objective of Pirelli Design, consistent with the focus on the Prestige and Premium car 
segments, is to enhance the Pirelli brand by developing licensed design-based projects that leverage on the 
technological know-how in conjunction with selected partners who are excellent in their business, in 
order to offer unique and iconic products. In particular, Pirelli has signed license agreements for products 
such as inflatable boats, skis and watches. 
Protection of Intellectual Property  
Pirelli has adopted a policy for managing the portfolio of trademarks and patents. As a preventive measure, 
before producing or marketing its products, Pirelli performs research both through databases as well as by 
conducting market surveys to confirm that the sale of the products will not result in the infringement 
of third party trademarks or patents. With respect to the new distinctive marks generated, Pirelli registers 
them as trademarks. 
With respect to technical innovation, patent studies are carried out and the tools best suited to obtain 
exclusive rights are identified, such as terms of patents, models and designs. For each family of 
trademarks, patents, models or designs, a careful assessment is made of the countries in which to extend 
their protection, taking into account not only the countries in which Pirelli manufactures or markets the 
products but also those in which its direct competitors operate, for the proper protection of its competitive 
advantage. Pirelli also conducts periodic assessments to ensure that the internal use of trademarks and 
patents is in accordance with those filed, as well as to prevent third parties from illegally using its 
intellectual property. These assessments also extend to the internet domain names, both with respect to 
the existences of third-party rights and to territorial registration and extension.

--- Page 156 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 155 - 
IT-New 
 
Sustainability  
Sustainability Model 
Pirelli has adopted a sustainability model (the "Sustainability Model") that is inspired by the Ten 
Principles of the Global Compact of the United Nations, to which Pirelli has been a signatory since 2004, 
the Accountability Standard 1000 (AA1000) Standard on Stakeholder Engagement and the Guidelines on 
Corporate Social Responsibility as dictated by the ISO 26000 International Standard. The management 
constantly supervises the entire value chain. Each business area integrates economic, social and 
environmental responsibility into their scope of action, through constant interaction with other departments 
and stakeholders to best manage risks and opportunities associated with processes, products and services. 
The Sustainability Model is reflected in Pirelli's main business policies, published on www.pirelli.com, and 
communicated to all employees in their local language. It permeates all of the supply chain management 
phases, from selection to the contractual stage, up to verification of the commitments made by suppliers 
through third- party on-site audits. In addition, Pirelli has adopted a multi-stakeholder approach, pursuing 
sustainable and lasting growth based on a fair balance of the expectations of the parties with the company. 
Relationships with stakeholders are based on a proactive dialogue aimed at comparing and compiling their 
expectations to share a common approach on growth.  
Pirelli Sustainability Model is inspired by the United Nations Global Compact, the principles of Stakeholder 
Engagement set forth by the AA1000 and the Guidelines of ISO 26000. Responsible management by Pirelli 
runs through the entire value chain. Every operating unit integrates economic, social and environmental 
responsibility in its own activity, while cooperating constantly with the other units, implementing the Pirelli 
Group strategic guidelines. The main management systems adopted by Pirelli include ISO 9001, IATF 
16949, ISO/IEC 17025 in the area of Quality Management, SA8000® for the management of Social 
Responsibility at its subsidiaries and along the supply chain, ISO 45001/OHSAS 18001 for the management 
of Health and Safety in the workplace, ISO 14001 for environmental management and ISO 37001 on anti-
corruption measures. The Company has also implemented the ISO 14064 for the quantification and 
reporting of greenhouse gas emissions (GHG), the ISO 14040 family rules for the methodology for 
calculating the environmental footprint of the product and the Organisation and, specifically, ISO-TS 14067 
and ISO 14046 for the determination of the Carbon Footprint and Water Footprint. In February 2018, the 
Company also obtained independent certification (from SGS Italia S.p.A.) regarding the compliance of its 
Sustainable Purchasing Management model based on the ISO 20400 Standard. 
Pirelli is importantly engaged in Innovation, and this is also reflected in Sustainability: in 2021 Pirelli 
produced the first tyre ever with natural rubber and rayon FSC certified (Forest Stewardship Council), FSC 
forest management certification confirms that plantations are managed in a way that preserves biological 
diversity and benefits the lives of local people and workers, while ensuring economic viability. 
Mid and long term targets are set within the Industrial Plan and touch all areas of company’s value chain, 
from supply chain to operations, to products. Among these targets are those related to Company’s 
decarbonisation, in line with Science Based Target Initiative. 
Pirelli's commitment to long-term value creation and economic, social and environmental performance 
enabled Pirelli to be included, prior to its de-listing, in some of the world's most prestigious global 
sustainability stock Dow Jones Sustainability Index World and Europe  
As a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability Index World and Europe with top ratings for multiple years, 
in February 2022, Pirelli was again awarded “S&P Global Gold Class” in the Sustainability Yearbook 2022 
published by S&P Global in based on its Annual Corporate Sustainability Assessment, which analyses the 
ESG performance of over 7,500 listed companies in 61 different industries. Pirelli also leads the Sector in 
the FTSE4Good Indices and in 2021 has been reconfirmed on the Climate A List of the CDP (formerly 
Carbon Disclosure Project) among global leaders in the fight against climate change. 
Risk Management 
Enterprise Risk Management 
Pirelli has adopted a proactive risk governance model (the "Risk Model"), which, through the systematic 
identification, analysis and assessment of risk areas, is able to provide the Board of Directors and senior

--- Page 157 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 156 - 
IT-New 
 
management with the tools needed to anticipate and manage the effects of these risks. The Risk Model 
systematically assesses three categories of risk: 
Risks in the external context 
Risks that occur outside Pirelli's sphere of influence - this category includes risks related to macroeconomic 
trends, changes in demand, competitor strategies, technological innovation, the introduction of new rules 
and regulations, and country-specific risks (economic, security related, political and environmental risks). 
Strategic risks 
Risks that are typical for a specific business sector, for which proper management is a source of competitive 
advantage, or on the contrary, the cause for the failure to achieve financial objectives. This category 
includes risks linked to markets, product innovation and development, human resources, raw material costs, 
production processes, financial risks and risks connected to merger and acquisition operations. 
Operational risks 
Risks generated by the organisation and by corporate processes, whose occurrence does not necessarily 
result in any kind of competitive advantage. These types of risks include information technology, business 
interruption, legal compliance, health, safety & environment, and security-related risks. 
Alongside the above-mentioned risks, there are also corporate social responsibility, environmental and 
business ethics risks. These are risks associated with the non-compliance with local and international 
regulations and corporate policies regarding respect for human and labour rights, the environment and 
business ethics and can be generated both by the organisation and as part of Pirelli's relative value chain, 
as well as within the supply chain. These risks in turn can lead to reputational risks. 
Reputational risks are related to actions or events that could cause a negative perception of Pirelli on the 
part of its major stakeholders. The main areas of risk in this category are, in addition to the above-mentioned 
risks related to corporate social-environmental responsibility and to business ethics, risks of leadership, 
and the quality and level of product innovation. 
In relation to the various macro-families of risk, the Board of Directors is assisted by two risk management 
committees, each with specific areas of responsibility. The Strategic Risks Managerial Committee, with 
jurisdiction over the risks inherent in the strategic choices made by the business or deriving from the outside 
context in which Pirelli operates. The Operational Risks Management Committee, focused on the 
prevention and management of risks inherent in the organisational structure, Pirelli's processes and systems 
as well as on sustainability issues. 
The two committees are responsible for (i) adopting and promoting a systematic and structured process of 
identification and measurement of risks; (ii) examining the information on existing and potential internal 
and external risks to which Pirelli is exposed; (iii) proposing response strategies to risks, in terms of the 
complete and specific exposure to the different categories of risks; (iv) proposing the application of 
risk policy in order to ensure that the risk is reduced to "acceptable" levels and (v) monitoring the 
implementation of risk response strategies that have been defined, and the compliance with the risk policies 
adopted. 
In terms of monitoring of risks deriving from the external context, the Strategic Risk Management 
Committee takes advantage of the support of the department of Enterprise Risk Management in the 
analysis of the main macroeconomic variables and political events, as well as of the models that are 
designed to analyse the long-term impact of potential macroeconomic changes on the market. The 
management committees use the Enterprise Risk Management department, which coordinates the risk 
assessment process and ensures the continuous monitoring of Pirelli's exposure to the primary risks, 
verifying the effective implementation at the level of individual business functions and organisational 
units of mitigation plans. 
System of risk management and internal control relative to the financial reporting process. 
Pirelli has also implemented a specific and comprehensive risk management and internal control system, 
supported by a dedicated computer application, in relation to the process of the formation of the semi-
annual and consolidated financial reporting to safeguard its equity, for compliance with laws and

--- Page 158 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 157 - 
IT-New 
 
regulations, for the efficiency and effectiveness of business operations, as well as the reliability, accuracy 
and timeliness of financial reporting. 
In particular, the process of preparing financial reports takes place through the appropriate administrative 
and accounting procedures that have been drawn up in accordance with criteria established in Internal 
Control— Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of the Treadway 
Commission. 
The administrative/accounting procedures for the preparation of financial statements and all other financial 
reports are prepared under the responsibility of the Manager responsible for the preparation of the corporate 
financial documents, who periodically attests on a semi-annual basis their adequacy and effective 
application. 
To enable the Manager responsible for the preparation of the corporate financial documents to make this 
attestation, the companies and the relevant processes that feed and generate the data for the income 
statement, the statement of financial position or the financial statements have been mapped. The 
identification of companies that belong to the Pirelli Group and the relevant processes is carried out 
annually on the basis of quantitative and qualitative criteria. The quantitative criterion involves the 
identification of the Pirelli Group companies that, in relation to the selected processes, account for an 
aggregate value that exceeds a certain threshold of materiality. Qualitative criteria involve the examination 
of processes and companies that, in the opinion of the Manager responsible for the preparation of the 
corporate financial documents, may present potential areas of risk despite not falling within the aforesaid 
quantitative parameters. For each selected process, the risk/control objectives associated with the 
preparation of the Financial Statements and any related disclosures, as well as to the 
effectiveness/efficiency of the internal control system in general, have been identified. For each control 
objective, specific verification procedures have been implemented and specific responsibilities have been 
assigned. A supervisory system has been implemented on the controls carried out by way of a mechanism 
of chain attestations. Any problems that emerge within the evaluation process are subject to action plans 
whose implementation is verified in subsequent closings. The quarterly issue of a declaration of the 
reliability and accuracy of the data supplied for the purposes of preparing Pirelli's consolidated financial 
statements is also ultimately provided by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of 
each subsidiary. In the lead-up to the Board of Directors' Meeting, at which the consolidated data 
as of 30 June and 31 December is approved, the results of the verification procedures are discussed by the 
Manager responsible for the preparation of the corporate financial documents and the Chief Financial 
Officers of the Pirelli Group subsidiaries. The Internal Audit Department performs regular audits aimed at 
verifying the adequacy of the design and effectiveness of the controls on the subsidiaries, as well as the 
sampling procedures, selected on the basis of materiality criteria. 
Employees  
Number of employees 
The table below shows the number of employees expressed in Full Time Equivalent employed by 
the Consumer Business as of 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, by main categories. 
 
 
December 
 
  
  
 
 
2021  
2020 
 
  
  
White Collars 
  
6,053   
6,069 
Blue Collars 
  
24,637   
24,441 
 
  
  
Total 
  
30,690   
30,510 
 
The number of employees indicated in the table includes both temporary workers and fixed term workers 
employed by Pirelli in the Consumer Business. The following table shows the number of employees of 
Pirelli Group as of 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, by geographic area.

--- Page 159 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 158 - 
IT-New 
 
 
 
December 
 
  
  
 
 
2021  
2020 
 
  
  
Europe 
  
12,838   
12,725 
North America 
  
3,197   
3,232 
South America 
  
7,975   
7,940 
Apac 
  
3,898   
3,927 
Russia, Nordics & Meai 
  
2,783   
2,686 
 
  
  
Total 
  
30,690   
30,510 
 
Pirelli  
Overview 
Pirelli is a società per azioni (limited liability company limited by shares), organised under the laws of the 
Republic of Italy. Pirelli's registered office is at Viale Piero e Alberto Pirelli 25, Milan, Italy, telephone 
number +39 02 64421. The tax code and Milan Company Register registration number for Pirelli is 
00860340157. 
Pirelli was incorporated on 15 May 1883. Pirelli's corporate existence is currently scheduled to expire on 
31 December 2100. Pirelli operates under Italian law. 
Pirelli's business objects can be found in Article 2 of its by-laws. 
For the principal activities of Pirelli, please see "Description of Pirelli operations, products and services". 
Principal Shareholders 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Pirelli’s fully subscribed and paid-up share capital is Euro 
1,904,374,935.66 divided into 1,000,000,000 ordinary shares with no indication of nominal value. As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no other classes of shares in issue. 
The extraordinary shareholders’ meeting of 24 March 2021 resolved to increase the share 
capital for cash for payment, in a divisible manner, with exclusion of the option rights pursuant 
to art. 2441, subsection 5 of the Italian Civil Code, for a total maximum amount, including any 
premium, of 500,000,000.00 euros, to service the conversion of the "EUR 500 million Senior 
Unsecured Guaranteed Equity-linked Bonds due 2025", to be paid up in one or more tranches 
by the issue of ordinary shares of the Company with regular dividend entitlement, for a 
maximum amount of Euro 500,000,000.00, exclusively to service the bond issued by the 
Company named "EUR 500 million Senior Unsecured Guaranteed Equity-linked Bonds due 
2025", in accordance with the criteria determined by the related Regulation, without prejudice 
to the fact that the final deadline for subscription of the newly issued shares is established as 
31 December 2025 and that if, as of that date, the share capital increase has not been fully 
subscribed it will in any case be intended as increased by an amount equal to the 
subscriptions collected and as of that date, with the specific authorisation for the directors to 
issue the new shares as they are subscribed. No parts of shares will be issued or delivered 
and no cash payment or adjustment will be made in lieu of said parts. 
Pirelli's shares are listed on the Euronext Milan ("EXM") division of the Borsa Italiana S.p.A.. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus on the basis of the shareholders' register, communications received 
pursuant to CONSOB Regulation No. 11971/1999 (as amended) and other information available to Pirelli, 
the main direct shareholders of Pirelli (owning more than 3% of the ordinary share capital) are:

--- Page 160 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 159 - 
IT-New 
 
- 
Marco Polo International Italy S.r.l. ("MPI Italy"), as result of the non-proportional total demerger 
of Marco Polo), with 370,150,000 ordinary shares equal to 37.015% of the ordinary share capital; 
- 
Camfin S.p.A., with 140,959,399 ordinary shares equal to 14.096% of the ordinary share capital;  
- 
PFQY S.r.l. with 90,212,508 ordinary shares equal to 9.021% of the ordinary share capital; 
- 
Brembo S.p.A. with 47,774,057 ordinary shares equal to 4.777% of the ordinary share capital;  
- 
Longmarch S.à r.l. with 36,788,672 ordinary shares equal to 3.68% of the ordinary share capital; 
and 
- 
Tacticum Investment S.A. with 42,708,270 ordinary shares equal to 4.271% of the ordinary share 
capital. 
The remaining 271,407,094 shares equal to 27.14% (free float) are held by other shareholders. 
As far as Pirelli is aware, there are no arrangements, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result 
in a change of control of the Pirelli Group. 
Marco Polo International Italy S.r.l.  
MPI Italy is a società a responsabilità limitata (limited liability company) organised under the laws of 
Italy with registered office in Milan, via San Primo 4, enrolled with the Registry of enterprises of Milan 
under fiscal code and VAT no. 10449990968. MPI Italy is a company indirectly controlled by Sinochem 
Holdings through ChemChina and its subsidiaries.  
The graphic below shows the chain of control of MPI Italy by Sinochem Holdings.  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sinochem Holdings Corporation Ltd. (China) * 
100% 
China National Chemical Corporation (China) 
100% 
China National Tire & Rubber Co. (China) 
100% 
CNRC International Limited (Hong Kong) 
100% 
Fourteen Sundew S.a.r.l. (Luxembourg) 
100% 
Marco Polo International Italy Srl (Italy) 
37.015%

--- Page 161 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 160 - 
IT-New 
 
 
Notes: 
* 
Sinochem Holdings Corporation Ltd. (China) is a state owned company (Chinese Central Government). 
** 
Pirelli & C. S.p.A. is a company with shares listed on the Electronic Stock Market organized and managed by Borsa 
Italiana (others shareholders 62.985%). 
 
Measures in place to ensure major shareholder control is not abused 
Pirelli has adopted a procedure for transactions with related parties issued in compliance with the provisions 
of the Article 2391-bis of Italian Civil Code and CONSOB Resolution No. 17221/2010 as subsequently 
amended and modified (lastly, by Consob decision n. 21624/2020); such procedure establishes the 
principles and rules to which Pirelli and its subsidiaries must adhere in order to ensure transparency and 
substantial and procedural fairness of related parties transactions. The Board of Directors has established 
the Related-Parties Transactions Committee.  
In accordance with Pirelli's by-laws, the Shareholders' Meeting has appointed a board composed of fifteen 
members; currently eight of the fifteen board members are independent (which is greater than the number 
of independent directors required by law) and meet the requirements prescribed by law and by the 
Corporate Governance Code for Italian listed companies. Under Pirelli's by-laws, one fifth of the board 
members has to be drawn from slates other than the majority list. Pirelli's by-laws provide that any 
independent director must meet the independence requirements prescribed by law and by the Corporate 
Governance Code for Italian listed companies. 
Board of Directors 
Pursuant to Article 10 of its by-laws, Pirelli is managed by a Board of Directors composed of no more than 
15 members, who remain in office for three financial years (unless a shorter term is established by the 
Shareholders' Meeting at the time of their appointment) and may be re-elected. 
The Board of Directors in charge as at the date of this Base Prospectus was appointed by resolution of the 
Shareholders' Meeting on 18 June 2020 until the date of the Shareholders' Meeting called to approve the 
financial statements for the year ended on 31 December 2022. 
On 5 August 2020 Mr. Angelos Papadimitriou has been coopted by the Board of Directors after the 
resignation of Mr. Carlo Secchi announced on 31 July 2020, until the first Shareholders’ Meeting. The 
Director Angelos Papadimitriou, whose confirmation was provided on the agenda of the Shareholders' 
Meeting called for 24 March 2021, announced at the same date to withdraw his candidacy and, therefore, 
the Shareholders’ Meeting was unable to take any resolution in this regard. The Shareholders’ Meeting held 
on 15 June 2021 appointed Giorgio Luca Bruno as Director. 
The organization and the internal functioning of the Board of Directors are governed by the Regulations on 
the functioning of the Board of Directors adopted on 22 June 2020 in line with the recommendations of the 
Corporate Governance Code. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors of Pirelli is composed as follows: 
NAME 
POSITION  
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE THE PIRELLI 
GROUP (IF ANY) 
(DIRECTORSHIPS) 
NING GAONING 
CHAIRMAN 
SINOCHEM HOLDING CO. 
LTD. (CHAIRMAN OF THE 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS) 
Pirelli & C. SpA (Italy) **

--- Page 162 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 161 - 
IT-New 
 
NAME 
POSITION  
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE THE PIRELLI 
GROUP (IF ANY) 
(DIRECTORSHIPS) 
SINOCHEM 
CO. 
LTD. 
(CHAIRMAN 
OF 
THE 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS) 
SINOCHEM 
GROUP 
CO. 
LTD. (CHAIRMAN OF THE 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS) 
CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS 
GROUP LTD. (CHAIRMAN 
OF 
THE 
BOARD 
OF 
DIRECTORS) 
FAR EAST HORIZON LTD. 
(CHAIRMAN 
OF 
THE 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS) 
CHINA 
NATIONAL 
CHEMICAL 
CORPORATION 
LTD. 
(CHAIRMAN 
OF 
THE 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS) 
SYNGENTA 
AG 
(CHAIRMAN 
OF 
THE 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS) 
SYNGENTA GROUP CO. 
LTD. (CHAIRMAN OF THE 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS) 
ADAMA AGRICULTURAL 
SOLUTIONS 
LTD. 
(DIRECTOR) 
SINOCHEM HONG KONG 
(GROUP) CO., LTD. 
(CHAIRMAN OF THE 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS) 
LUXI CHEMICAL GROUP 
CO., LTD (CHAIRMAN OF 
THE 
BOARD 
OF 
DIRECTORS) 
MARCO TRONCHETTI 
PROVERA 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER AND EXECUTIVE 
VICE CHAIRMAN 
MARCO 
TRONCHETTI 
PROVERA 
& 
C. 
S.P.A. 
(CHAIRMAN 
OF 
THE 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS) 
CAMFIN 
S.P.A. 
(CHAIRMAN 
OF 
THE 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS)

--- Page 163 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 162 - 
IT-New 
 
NAME 
POSITION  
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE THE PIRELLI 
GROUP (IF ANY) 
(DIRECTORSHIPS) 
RCS MEDIAGROUP S.P.A. 
(DIRECTOR) 
GIORGIO LUCA BRUNO 
DEPUTY CEO 
CAMFIN 
S.P.A. 
(DIRECTOR) 
CAMFIN 
ALTERNATIVE 
ASSETS S.P.A. (CHAIRMAN 
OF 
THE 
BOARD 
OF 
DIRECTORS) 
CAAM1 S.R.L (DIRECTOR) 
ISTITUTO EUROPEO DI 
ONCOLOGIA S.R.L. 
(DIRECTOR) 
GB&CO 
S.R.L. 
(SOLE 
DIRECTOR) 
YANG SCHIAHO9 
DIRECTOR 
SINOCHEM HOLDINGS 
CORPORATION LTD 
(VICE-PRESIDENT) 
CHINA NATIONAL 
CHEMICAL 
CORPORATION LIMITED 
(CHEMCHINA) (BOARD 
MEMBER AND 
PRESIDENT) 
SINOCHEM 
CORPORATION 
(VICE-
PRESIDENT) 
BAI XINPING 
DIRECTOR 
CHINA NATIONAL TIRE & 
RUBBER COMPANY LTD. 
(CHAIRMAN 
OF 
THE 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS) 
CNRC 
INTERNATIONAL 
HOLDING 
(HK) 
LTD. 
(DIRECTOR) 
CNRC 
CAPITAL 
LTD. 
(DIRECTOR) 
 
 
9 On May 10, 2022 Yang Shihao has been coopted by the Board of Directors to replace Yang Xingqiang, 
who resigned with effect from the same date. The coopted Director will expire with the first Shareholders’ 
Meeting that will be convened by the Board of Directors.

--- Page 164 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 163 - 
IT-New 
 
NAME 
POSITION  
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE THE PIRELLI 
GROUP (IF ANY) 
(DIRECTORSHIPS) 
CNRC CAPITALE LIMITED 
(DIRECTOR) 
CNRC 
INTERNATIONAL 
LTD. (DIRECTOR) 
FOURTEEN 
SUNDEW 
S.À.R.L. (DIRECTOR) 
MARCO 
POLO 
INTERNATIONAL 
ITALY 
S.R.L. (CHAIRMAN OF THE 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS) 
TP INDUSTRIAL HOLDING 
S.P.A. (DIRECTOR) 
PROMETEON 
TYRE 
GROUP 
S.R.L.
 
(CHAIRMAN 
OF 
THE 
BOARD 
OF 
DIRECTORS)  
KRAUSSMAFFEI CO., LTD. 
(DIRECTOR) 
CHINA 
NATIONAL 
CHEMICAL 
CORPORATION 
LIMITED 
(CHEMCHINA) 
(VICE 
PRESIDENT) 
PAOLA BOROMEI 
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 
GRIFAL S.P.A.  
(DIRECTOR)   
DOMENICO DE SOLE 
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 
TOM 
FORD 
INTERNATIONAL 
INC. 
(CHAIRMAN 
OF 
THE 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS) 
ERMENEGILDO 
ZEGNA 
S.P.A. (DIRECTOR) 
THOM 
BROWNE, 
INC. 
(INDEPENDENT 
DIRECTOR)        
ROBERTO DIACETTI 
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 
BANCA IFIS (DIRECTOR) 
SAIPEM S.P.A. (DIRECTOR)  
FAN XIAOHUA 
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 
-

--- Page 165 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 164 - 
IT-New 
 
NAME 
POSITION  
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE THE PIRELLI 
GROUP (IF ANY) 
(DIRECTORSHIPS) 
GIOVANNI LO STORTO 
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 
BANCA 
MEDIOLANUM 
S.P.A. (DIRECTOR) 
  
MARISA PAPPALARDO 
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 
BPER 
BANCA 
S.P.A. 
(DIRECTOR) 
TAO HAISU 
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 
- 
GIOVANNI TRONCHETTI 
PROVERA 
DIRECTOR 
MARCO 
TRONCHETTI 
PROVERA 
& 
C. 
S.P.A. 
(DIRECTOR) 
CAMFIN 
S.P.A. 
(DIRECTOR) 
CAMFIN 
ALTERNATIVE 
ASSETS S.P.A. (CEO) 
 
ALF SRL (SOLE DIRECTOR) 
WEI YINTAO 
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 
- 
ZHANG HAITAO 
DIRECTOR 
CNRC 
INTERNATIONAL 
HOLDING 
(HK) 
LTD. 
(DIRECTOR) 
MARCO 
POLO 
INTERNATIONAL 
ITALY 
S.R.L. (DIRECTOR) 
TP INDUSTRIAL HOLDING 
S.P.A. (DIRECTOR) 
PROMETEON TYRE GROUP 
S.R.L. (DIRECTOR)  
FOURTEEN 
SUNDEW 
S.À.R.L. (DIRECTOR) 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Statutory Auditors of Pirelli is composed as follows: 
NAME 
POSITION  
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE THE PIRELLI 
GROUP (IF ANY)  
RICCARDO 
FOGLIA 
TAVERNA 
CHAIRMAN 
ACHILLE 
PINTO 
S.P.A. 
(EXTERNAL AUDITOR)

--- Page 166 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 165 - 
IT-New 
 
NAME 
POSITION  
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE THE PIRELLI 
GROUP (IF ANY)  
ANKORGAZ S.R.L. (EXTERNAL 
AUDITOR) 
BANCA SELLA HOLDING S.P.A. 
(ALTERNATE AUDITOR) 
B&C 
SPEAKERS 
S.P.A. 
(CHAIRMAN OF STATUTORY 
AUDITORS) 
BOUTIQUE 
ITALIA 
S.P.A. 
(DIRECTOR) 
CABECO S.R.L. (SOLE AUDITOR 
AND EXTERNAL AUDITOR) 
CEDIS S.R.L. (DIRECTOR) 
CONSORZIO VIGILANZA SELLA 
S.C.P.A. 
(ALTERNATE 
AUDITOR) 
DOUBLE R S.R.L. (GIÀ RUFFINI 
PARTECIPAZIONI 
SRL) 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
GAMMA 
TOPCO 
S.P.A. 
(CHAIRMAN OF STATUTORY 
AUDITORS) 
GAMMA 
BIDCO 
S.P.A. 
(CHAIRMAN OF STATUTORY 
AUDITORS) 
GESTIMM S.P.A. (CHAIRMAN OF 
STATUTORY AUDITORS AND 
EXTERNAL AUDITOR) 
GUGLIELMI 
S.P.A. 
RUBINETTERIE 
(ALTERNATE 
AUDITOR) 
JAKIL 
S.P.A. 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR 
AND 
EXTERNAL 
AUDITOR) 
INDUSTRIES 
S.P.A. 
(ALTERNATE AUDITOR) 
IN-PAO S.R.L. (SOLE EXTERNAL 
AUDITOR) 
LAMPUGNANI FARMACEUTICI 
S.P.A. 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR 
AND EZTERNAL AUDITOR)

--- Page 167 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 166 - 
IT-New 
 
NAME 
POSITION  
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE THE PIRELLI 
GROUP (IF ANY)  
OFFICINE 
RIGAMONTI 
S.P.A 
(ALTERNATE AUDITOR) 
NEPRIX 
S.R.L. 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
PROSINO 
S.R.L. 
(SOLE 
EXTERNAL AUDITOR) 
RUFFINI 
PARTECIPAZIONI 
HOLDING 
S.R.L. 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
RUBIMETTERIE 
RITMONIO 
S.R.L. (STANDING AUDITOR) 
SELLA FIDICIARIA (GIÀ SELFID 
S.P.A.) (STANDING AUDITOR) 
SIGLA S.R.L. (CHAIRMAN OF 
STATUTORY AUDITORS) 
SI 
COLLECTION 
S.P.A. 
(CHAIRMAN OF STATUTORY 
AUDITORS) 
ANTONELLA CARÙ 
STANDING AUDITOR 
AUTOGRILL S.P.A. (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
AUTOGRILL 
ADVANCED 
BUSINESS 
SERVICE 
S.R.L. 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
FONDAZIONE 
ACCADEMIA 
TEATRO 
ALLA 
SCALA 
(DIRECTOR)  
FRANCESCA 
MENEGHEL 
STANDING AUDITOR 
AVON 
COSMETICS 
SRL 
(CHAIRMAN OF STATUTORY 
AUDITORS) 
DIGITALIA’08 SRL (CHAIRMAN 
OF STATUTORY AUDITORS) 
DIRECT 
CHANNEL 
SPA 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
ELETTRONICA 
INDUSTRIALE 
SPA (STANDING AUDITOR) 
FLOWE 
SPA 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
GEOX S.P.A. (DIRECTOR)

--- Page 168 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 167 - 
IT-New 
 
NAME 
POSITION  
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE THE PIRELLI 
GROUP (IF ANY)  
IMMOBILIARE 
IDRA 
SPA 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
MEDIAMOND SPA (CHAIRMAN 
OF STATUTORY AUDITORS) 
MEDIASET 
SPA 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
MEDIOLANUM 
COMUNICAZIONE 
SPA 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
MEDIOLANUM FIDUCIARIA SPA 
(CHAIRMAN OF STATUTORY 
AUDITORS) 
MEDIOLANUM 
GESTIONE 
FONDI SGR SPA (CHAIRMAN OF 
STATUTORY AUDITORS)  
MEDUSA FILM SPA 
(CHAIRMAN OF STATUTORY 
AUDITORS) 
VIDEOWALL SRL (CHAIRMAN 
OF STATUTORY AUDITORS) 
MONDADORI 
MEDIA 
SPA 
(STANDING AUDITOR 
TERESA 
CRISTIANA 
NADDEO 
STANDING AUDITOR 
WEBUILD S.P.A. (DIRECTOR) 
VERA VITA S.P.A. (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
DUFRITAL S.P.A. (STANDING 
AUDITOR)  
ALBERTO VILLANI 
STANDING AUDITOR 
AGB 
NIELSEN 
MEDIA 
RESEARCH 
HOLDING 
S.P.A. 
(CHAIRMAN OF STATUTORY 
AUDITORS) 
AREEF 
2 
PALIO 
SICAF 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
EDRA S.P.A. (CHAIRMAN OF 
STATUTORY AUDITORS) 
NUOVA GS S.P.A. (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
BBC ITALIA S.R.L. (DIRECTOR)

--- Page 169 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 168 - 
IT-New 
 
NAME 
POSITION  
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE THE PIRELLI 
GROUP (IF ANY)  
BTSR INTERNATIONAL S.P.A. 
(CHAIRMAN OF STATUTORY 
AUDITORS) 
FRATELLI CONSOLANDI S.R.L. 
(CHAIRMAN OF STATUTORY 
AUDITORS) 
HDP 
S.P.A. 
(CHAIRMAN 
OF 
STATUTORY AUDITORS) 
SELECTA INDUSTRIAL 
OPERATIONS S.P.A. 
(CHAIRMAN OF STATUTORY 
AUDITORS) 
SELECTA 
DIGITAL 
S.P.A. 
(CHAIRMAN OF STATUTORY 
AUDITORS) 
QUATTRODUEDUE 
S.P.A. 
(CHAIRMAN OF STATUTORY 
AUDITORS) 
TENUTA MONTEMAGNO SOC. 
AGRICOLA S.P.A. (CHAIRMAN 
OF STATUTORY AUDITORS) 
BENNET S.P.A. (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
BENNET 
HOLDING 
S.P.A. 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
CARCANO 
ANTONIO 
S.P.A. 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
DE’ LONGHI S.P.A. (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
DE’ 
LONGHI 
CAPITAL 
SERVICES S.R.L. (CHAIRMAN OF 
STATUTORY AUDITORS) 
DE’ LONGHI APPLIANCES S.R.L. 
(CHAIRMAN OF STATUTORY 
AUDITORS) 
EFFE 
2005 
GRUPPO 
FELTRINELLI 
S.P.A.
 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
FINMEG S.R.L. (STANDING 
AUDITOR)

--- Page 170 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 169 - 
IT-New 
 
NAME 
POSITION  
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE THE PIRELLI 
GROUP (IF ANY)  
GALLERIE 
COMMERCIALI 
BENNET S.P.A. (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
LANIFICIO F.LLI CERRUTI S.P.A 
(DIRECTOR) 
S.R.L. IMMOBILIARE RIMINI 
(MANAGING DIRECTOR) 
MEG 
PROPERTY 
S.P.A. 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
OVER LIGHT S.P.A. (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
VETUS 
MEDIOLANUM 
S.P.A. 
(CHAIRMAN OF STATUTORY 
AUDITORS) 
SAN REMO GAMES S.R.L. (SOLE 
AUDITOR) 
IMPRESA 
COSTRUZIONI 
GRASSI&CRESPI 
S.R.L. 
(ALTERNATE AUDITOR) 
IMPRESA LUIGI NOTARI S.P.A. 
(ALTERNATE AUDITOR) 
COMPAGNIA 
PADANA 
PER 
INVESTIMENTI 
S.P.A. 
(ALTERNATE AUDITOR) 
ROYAL 
IMMOBILIARE 
S.R.L. 
(SOLE DIRECTOR) 
VIANORD 
ENGINEERING 
SOCIÉTÉ 
PAR 
ACTIONS 
SIMPLIFIÉE (DIRECTOR) 
ZENATO 
AZIENDA 
VITIVINICOLA 
S.R.L. 
(CHAIRMAN OF STATUTORY 
AUDITORS) 
MARCO TAGLIORETTI 
ALTERNATE AUDITOR 
EURICOM 
S.PA. 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
GARZANTI SPECIALTIES S.P.A. 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
SAINT 
ANDREWS 
SPA 
(STANDING AUDITOR)

--- Page 171 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 170 - 
IT-New 
 
NAME 
POSITION  
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE THE PIRELLI 
GROUP (IF ANY)  
COMMERCIO 
PRODOTTI 
INDUSTRIALI SRL (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
RELIFE RECYCLING (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
DE 
WAVE 
SRL 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
 
MARCO 
TRONCHETTI 
PROVERA& C. SPA (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
ASSOCIAZIONE INSIEME PER I 
BAMBINI 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
TECNOPOOL SPA (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
ISOLTEMA 
SPA 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
RELIFE 
SPA 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
EMS GROUP SPA (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
MIMAC ITALIA SRL (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
LOGIUDICE 
FORNI 
SRL 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
XPN SPA (STANDING AUDITOR) 
PANAPESCA SPA (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
MEGA 
SURGELATI 
SRL 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
XPP 
SEVEN 
TWO 
SPA 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
XPP SEVEN SPA (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
QUAKE 
SRL 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
ZUMA 
SRL 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR)

--- Page 172 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 171 - 
IT-New 
 
NAME 
POSITION  
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE THE PIRELLI 
GROUP (IF ANY)  
KOVERLUX 
SRL 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
RAV 
ITALY 
SICAF 
SPA 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
MICROTEST 
SRL 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
MICROTEST 
HOLDING 
SRL 
(STANDING AUDITOR 
TELCO 
SRL 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
SP 
PLAST 
SRL 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
TRABALDO 
TOGNA 
SPA 
(BOARD MEMBER) 
CONDORPELLI 
SPA 
(ALTERNATE AUDITOR) 
CAMFIN 
SPA 
(ALTERNATE 
AUDITOR) 
CARTIERA 
DI 
BOSCO 
MARENGO SPA (ALTERNATE 
AUDITOR)  
SAB 
SPA 
(ALTERNATE 
AUDITOR) 
HINTHA SRL (BOARD MEMBER) 
MARIA SARDELLI 
ALTERNATE AUDITOR 
BANCA PROFILO S.P.A. 
(STANDING AUDITOR AND 
MEMBER OF THE 
SUPERVISORY BODY) 
INTERNATIONAL SPORT 
CAPITAL ( STANDING 
AUDITOR)  
MILANO SERRAVALLE – 
MILANO TANGENZIALI S.P.A. 
(DIRECTOR WITHOUT 
MANAGEMENT POWERS AND 
WHO DOES NOT PARTICIPATE 
IN THE EXECUTIVE 
COMMITTEE - DIRECTOR)

--- Page 173 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 172 - 
IT-New 
 
NAME 
POSITION  
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE THE PIRELLI 
GROUP (IF ANY)  
BOATO HOLDING S.P.A. 
(CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF 
STATUTORY AUDITORS) 
TELEPASS S.P.A. (ALTERNATE 
AUDITOR) 
INTERSISTEMI ITALIA S.P.A. 
(MEMBER OF THE 
SUPERVISORY BODY) 
PRO RECCO WATERPOLO 1913 
S.R.L. (MEMBER OF THE 
SUPERVISORY BODY) 
SPEZIA CALCIO S.R.L. . 
(MEMBER OF THE 
SUPERVISORY BODY) 
GSE S.P.A. (MEMBER OF THE 
SUPERVISORY BODY) 
GREEN ARROW SGR S.P.A. 
(MEMBER OF THE 
SUPERVISORY BODY) 
FINTECNA S.P.A. (CHAIRMAN 
OF THE SUPERVISORY BODY 
AND CHAIRMAN OF THE 
BOARD OF STATUTORY 
AUDITORS) 
DEMAG CRANES E 
COMPONENTS S.P.A. 
(CHAIRMAN OF THE 
SUPERVISORY BODY) 
DONATI S.R.L. (CHAIRMAN OF 
THE SUPERVISORY BODY 
INFOBLU S.P.A. (ALTERNATE 
AUDITOR) 
 
FRANCA BRUSCO 
ALTERNATE AUDITOR 
ENAV S.P.A. 
(STANDING 
AUDITORS) 
CDP 
INDUSTRIA 
S.P.A. 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
CASSA DEPOSITI E PRESTITI 
S.P.A. (STANDING AUDITOR) 
AUTORITÀ 
DI 
SISTEMA 
PORTUALE 
DEL 
MARE

--- Page 174 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 173 - 
IT-New 
 
NAME 
POSITION  
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE THE PIRELLI 
GROUP (IF ANY)  
MEDITERRANEO 
MERIDIONALE (MEMBER OF 
THE 
ASSOCIATION 
OF 
AUDITORS)   
GRUPPO GAROFALO HEALTH 
CARE S.P.A. (DIRECTOR)  
 
The business address of each of the members of the board of directors and board of statutory auditors of 
Pirelli is Viale Piero e Alberto Pirelli 25, 20126 Milan, Italy. 
Committees 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors of Pirelli has established the following 
committees. The members are appointed by the Board of Directors and they remain in office for the duration 
of the Board of Directors' mandate: 
(1) 
Audit, Risks, Sustainability and Corporate Governance Committee: The main task of this 
committee is to support the Board of Directors in connection with its assessments and decisions 
in relation to Pirelli's internal control and risk management system, as well as approval of the 
periodic financial and non-financial reports pursuant to the Corporate Governance Code for listed 
companies. 
(2) 
Related-parties transactions Committee: This committee advises and makes recommendations to 
the Board of Directors on related-parties transactions in accordance with applicable laws. In the 
cases envisaged in the Related-Parties Transaction Procedure the issues concerning (i) the 
remuneration of directors holding specific offices, general manager and key managers, assigned 
to the Remuneration Committee (ii) the approval of derogations from Remuneration Policy, 
having assessed that there are exceptional circumstances that allow for this can be assigned to the 
Remuneration Committee. 
(3) 
Remuneration Committee: The Remuneration Committee has investigatory, advisory and 
supervisory functions and makes recommendations to ensure the definition and application within 
the Group of remuneration policies that, on the one hand, pursue the sustainable success of the 
Company/Group in aligning the interests of management with those of the shareholders and, on 
the other hand at having, retaining and motivating human resources with the expertise and 
professional standing required by the role held in the Company. 
(4) 
Appointment and Successions Committee: This committee examines, advises and makes 
recommendations to the Board of Directors on appointments and successions matters in line with 
the Corporate Governance Code in relation to the composition of the Board of Directors. 
(5) 
Strategies Committee: This Committee advises and makes recommendations to the Board of 
Directors on the definitions of strategic guidelines as well as on the identification and definitions 
of terms and conditions for individual transactions of strategic importance. 
Conflict of Interests 
As far as Pirelli is aware, there are no conflicts of interests between any duties to Pirelli of Pirelli's directors 
and statutory auditors and the private interests, and/or other duties, of such persons. In any event, if any 
conflicts of interest were to occur, the relevant transactions would be submitted to the competent bodies of 
Pirelli in compliance with applicable rules and procedures of Pirelli concerning interests of directors and 
related-parties transactions, as the case may be.

--- Page 175 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 174 - 
IT-New 
 
Independent Auditors 
The Consolidated Audited Financial Statements as of 31 December 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019, prepared in accordance with IFRS, have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. 
("PwC"). The audit reports of PwC are available to the public and incorporated by reference herein.  
The Shareholders' Meeting of 1 August 2017 conferred to PwC with effectiveness from 4 October 2017 
(date of listing of Pirelli's shares on the stock exchange), the mandate to audit Pirelli's separate and 
consolidated financial statements for the years 2017 - 2025 and Pirelli's consolidated interim financial 
statements for the six months periods that will close at 30 June of the years 2018 to 2025. 
The business address of PwC is Piazza Tre Torri 2, Milan, Italy. 
PwC is authorised and regulated by the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance (MEF) and registered on 
the special register of auditing firms held by the MEF and are also members of the ASSIREVI – 
Associazione Nazionale Revisori Contabili.  
Rating 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Fitch has issued an investment grade rating of “BBB-” with a stable 
outlook in respect of Pirelli; and S&P has issued an investment grade rating of “BBB-” with a stable outlook 
in respect of Pirelli. 
Pirelli Tyre  
Overview 
Pirelli Tyre is a società per azioni (limited liability company limited by shares), organised under the laws 
of the Republic of Italy. Pirelli Tyre's registered office is at Viale Piero e Alberto Pirelli 25, 20126 Milan, 
Italy, telephone number +39 02 64421. The tax code and Milan Company Register registration number for 
Pirelli Tyre is 07211330159. 
Pirelli Tyre was incorporated on 22 December 1983. Pirelli Tyre's corporate existence is currently 
scheduled to expire on 31 December 2100. Pirelli Tyre operates under Italian law. 
For the principal activities of Pirelli Tyre, please see "Description of Pirelli operations, products and 
services". 
Share Capital 
As at 31 December 2021, the fully paid and subscribed share capital of Pirelli Tyre was equal to Euro 
558,154,000 divided into 558,154,000 shares with a par value of Euro 1 each. 
Shareholder 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Pirelli Tyre is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pirelli. 
Board of Directors 
Pursuant to Article 14 of its by-laws, Pirelli Tyre is managed by a Board of Directors composed of no fewer 
than three and no more than nine members (unless a sole director is appointed pursuant to Article 18 of the 
by-laws). The members of the Board of Directors remain in office for the term established by the 
Shareholders' Meeting at the time of their appointment (currently no more than three financial years) and 
may be re-elected.  
The Board of Directors in charge as at the date of this Base Prospectus was appointed by resolution of the 
Shareholders' Meeting on 27 April 2022 until the date of the Shareholders' Meeting called to approve the 
financial statements for the year ended on 31 December 2022. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors of Pirelli Tyre is composed as follows: 
NAME 
POSITION  
PRINCIPAL 
ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE 
THE 
PIRELLI

--- Page 176 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 175 - 
IT-New 
 
GROUP 
(IF 
ANY) 
(DIRECTORSHIPS) 
CASALUCI ANDREA LIVIO 
DONATO 
CHAIRMAN  
N/A 
BOCCHIO FABIO 
DIRECTOR 
N/A  
SALA DAVIDE 
DIRECTOR 
N/A 
CALABRO' ANTONIO 
DIRECTOR 
UNICREDIT (CHAIRMAN OF 
THE ADVISORY BOARD 
TERRITORIALE UNICREDIT 
LOMBARDIA) (MEMBER 
ADVISORY BOARD ITALY) 
NOMISMA S.P.A. 
(DIRECTOR) 
CAMERA ARBITRALE DI 
MILANO S.R.L. (VICE-
CHAIRMAN) 
 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Statutory Auditors of Pirelli Tyre is composed as 
follows: 
NAME 
POSITION  
PRINCIPAL 
ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE 
THE 
PIRELLI 
GROUP (IF ANY)  
MORO ROBERTO 
CHAIRMAN 
OF 
THE 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
GETEC ITALIA S.P.A. 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
ASM 
ENERGIA 
S.P.A. 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
COMPASS 
LINK 
S.R.L. 
(SOLE AUDITOR) 
COMPASS 
RENT 
S.R.L. 
(SELO AUDITOR) 
DIGITAL 
VALUE 
S.P.A. 
(CHAIRMAN 
OF 
THE 
STATUTORY 
AUDITORS) 
DV 
HOLDING 
S.P.A. 
(CHAIRMAN 
OF 
THE 
STATUTORY 
AUDITORS)

--- Page 177 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 176 - 
IT-New 
 
NAME 
POSITION  
PRINCIPAL 
ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE 
THE 
PIRELLI 
GROUP (IF ANY)  
ECOLOMBARDIA 
4 
S.P.A. 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
ENERGEAN 
INTERNATIONAL 
E&P 
S.P.A. 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
ENERGEAN 
ITALY 
S.R.L. 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
ENERGEAN 
SICILIA 
S.R.L. 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
ENERGY 
WAVE 
S.R.L. 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
FIDIGER 
S.P.A. 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
IRE 
HOLDING 
S.R.L. 
(CHAIRMAN 
OF 
THE 
STATUTORY 
AUDITORS) 
ITALWARE 
S.R.L. 
(SOLE 
AUDITOR) 
ITD 
SOLUTIONS 
S.P.A. 
(CHAIRMAN 
OF 
THE 
STATUTORY 
AUDITORS) 
MBCONTACT 
SOLUTIONS 
S.R.L. 
(SOLE 
AUDITOR 
AND 
MEMBER 
OF 
SUERVISORY BODY) 
QUARZO 
S.R.L. 
(SOLE 
AUDITOR) 
ROBERT 
BOSCH 
S.P.A. 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
SELMABIPIEMME 
LEASING 
S.P.A. 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
SOCIETÀ 
PER 
AMMINISTRAZIONI 
FIDUCIARIE 
SPAFID 
S.P.A. 
(STANDING

--- Page 178 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 177 - 
IT-New 
 
NAME 
POSITION  
PRINCIPAL 
ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE 
THE 
PIRELLI 
GROUP (IF ANY)  
AUDITOR 
AND 
MEMBER 
OF 
SUERVISORY BODY) 
TT 
TECNOSISTEMI 
S.P.A. 
(CHAIRMAN 
OF 
THE 
STATUTORY 
AUDITORS) 
CHEBANCA! 
S.P.A. 
(ALTERNATE AUDITOR) 
COMPASS 
BANCA 
S.P.A. 
(ALTERNATE AUDITOR) 
MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI 
CREDITO FINANZIARIO SPA 
(ALTERNATE AUDITOR) 
MEDIOBANCA 
SGR 
S.P.A. 
(ALTERNATE 
AUDITOR)PROMINVES
TMENT 
- 
SOCIETÀ 
PER 
LA 
PROMOZIONE 
DEGLI 
INVESTIMENTI 
S.P.A. 
IN 
LIQUIDAZIONE 
(ALTERNATE 
AUDITOR) 
SICURA 
S.R.L. 
(ALTERNATE 
AUDITOR) 
GIULIANI MARCO 
STANDING AUDITOR 
CAMUZZI S.P.A (CHAIRMAN 
OF 
THE 
STATUTORY 
AUDITORS) 
HUNTSMAN 
ADVANCED 
MATERIALS 
ITALY 
S.R.L 
(CHAIRMAN 
OF 
THE 
STATUTORY AUDITORS) 
SUMMA 
SERVICE 
S.R.L. 
(CHAIRMAN 
OF 
THE 
STATUTORY AUDITORS) 
2I RETE GAS SPA (STANDING 
AUDITOR)

--- Page 179 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 178 - 
IT-New 
 
NAME 
POSITION  
PRINCIPAL 
ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE 
THE 
PIRELLI 
GROUP (IF ANY)  
ALI GROUP SRL (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
CEVA LOGISTICS ITALIA SRL 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
CEVA LOGISTICS HOLDING 
ITALY 
SPA 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
F2I ENERGIE RINNOVABILI 
SPA (STANDING AUDITOR) 
INNOVA 
CLUB 
1 
S.P.A. 
(CHAIRMAN 
OF 
THE 
STATUTORY AUDITORS) 
LA TRUST COMPANY SPA 
(CHAIRMAN 
OF 
THE 
STATUTORY AUDITORS) 
NASTROFER SPA (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
KVADRAT S.P.A (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
VENATOR ITALY SRL)  (SOLE 
AUDITOR) 
ROTHSCHILD & CO ITALIA 
SPA (STANDING AUDITOR) 
THERMOCAST 
SPA 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
VENATOR 
PIGMENTS 
SPA 
(SOLE STANDING) 
CAMFIN 
ALTERNATIVE 
ASSETS 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
MARCO 
TRONCHETTI 
PROVERA 
& 
C. 
S.P.A. 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
SPACE 
HOLDING 
(SOLE 
AUDITOR) 
SIRTI 
ENERGIA 
SPA 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
BLUVET 
SRL 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR)

--- Page 180 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 179 - 
IT-New 
 
NAME 
POSITION  
PRINCIPAL 
ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE 
THE 
PIRELLI 
GROUP (IF ANY)  
HUNTSMAN PATRICA S.R.L 
(SOLE AUDITOR) 
LA GALVANO S.R.L.-SINDACO 
UNICO. (SOLE DIRECTOR) 
TAGLIORETTI MARCO 
STANDING AUDITOR 
EURICOM S.PA. (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
 
GARZANTI 
SPECIALTIES  
S.P.A. (STANDING AUDITOR) 
 
SAINT 
ANDREWS 
SPA 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
 
COMMERCIO 
PRODOTTI 
INDUSTRIALI SRL (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
 
RELIFE 
RECYCLING 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
 
DE WAVE SRL (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
 
 
MARCO 
TRONCHETTI 
PROVERA& C. SPA (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
 
ASSOCIAZIONE INSIEME PER I 
BAMBINI 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
 
TECNOPOOL SPA (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
 
ISOLTEMA SPA (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
 
RELIFE 
SPA 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
 
EMS GROUP SPA (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
 
MIMAC 
ITALIA 
SRL 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
 
LOGIUDICE 
FORNI 
SRL 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
 
XPN 
SPA 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
 
PANAPESCA SPA (STANDING 
AUDITOR)

--- Page 181 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 180 - 
IT-New 
 
NAME 
POSITION  
PRINCIPAL 
ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE 
THE 
PIRELLI 
GROUP (IF ANY)  
 
MEGA 
SURGELATI 
SRL 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
 
XPP 
SEVEN 
TWO 
SPA 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
 
XPP SEVEN SPA (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
 
QUAKE 
SRL 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
 
ZUMA 
SRL 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
 
KOVERLUX SRL (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
 
RAV 
ITALY 
SICAF 
SPA 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
 
 
 
MICROTEST SRL (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
MICROTEST 
HOLDING 
SRL 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
TELCO 
SRL 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
 
SP PLAST SRL (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
 
TRABALDO 
TOGNA 
SPA 
(BOARD MEMBER) 
 
CONDORPELLI 
SPA 
(ALTERNATE AUDITOR) 
 
CAMFIN 
SPA 
(ALTERNATE 
AUDITOR) 
 
HINTHA 
SRL 
(BOARD 
MEMBER) 
 
CARTIERA 
DI 
BOSCO 
MARENGO SPA (ALTERNATE 
AUDITOR)  
 
SAB 
SPA 
(ALTERNATE 
AUDITOR)

--- Page 182 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 181 - 
IT-New 
 
NAME 
POSITION  
PRINCIPAL 
ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE 
THE 
PIRELLI 
GROUP (IF ANY)  
OSSOLI GIORGIO 
ALTERNATE AUDITOR 
3B 
HOLDING 
S.R.L. 
(CHAIRMAN OF STATUTORY 
AUDITORS) 
C.L.B. 
COMBUSTIBILI 
LUBRIFICANTI 
BRUGNATO-
SPA 
CON 
SOCIO 
UNICO 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
CAMELOT S.R.L. (EXTERNAL 
AUDITOR) 
CAMFIN 
ALTERNATIVE 
ASSETS 
S.P.A. 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
CASA EDITRICE UNIVERSO 
S.P.A. 
(CHAIRMAN 
OF 
STATUTORY AUDITORS) 
EDIZIONI DEL DUCA S.R.L. 
(SOLE AUDITOR) 
ELESA REAL ESTATE S.R.L. 
(SOLE DIRECTOR) 
ELESA S.P.A. (DIRECTOR) 
ESSELTE S.R.L. (CHAIRMAN 
OF STATUTORY AUDITORS) 
F.I.R.S.A. S.P.A. (CHAIRMAN 
OF STATUTORY AUDITORS) 
FIBRAC INSULATION S.R.L. 
(DIRECTOR) 
FIN.COM SRL FINANZIARIA 
COMMERCIALE 
(STANDING 
AUDITORS) 
FINIDROGEST 
S.R.L. 
(EXTERNAL AUDITOR) 
FINPOL S.P.A. (DIRECTOR) 
HYDROGEST 
CAMPANIA 
S.P.A. 
IN 
LIQUIDAZIONE 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
ICIERRE 
SRL 
(SOLE 
DIRECTOR) 
IMMOBILIARE 
BUSSETO 
S.R.L. (SOLE DIRECTOR)

--- Page 183 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 182 - 
IT-New 
 
NAME 
POSITION  
PRINCIPAL 
ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE 
THE 
PIRELLI 
GROUP (IF ANY)  
IMMOBILIARE 
SAN 
BARTOLOMEO 
S.R.L. 
(EXTERNAL AUDITOR) 
IMMOBILOMBARDA 
S.R.L. 
(SOLE DIRECTOR) 
INFOEDIZIONI 
S.R.L. 
(CHAIRMAN OF STATUTORY 
AUDITORS) 
ITALCERT S.R.L. (DIRECTOR) 
IVE S.R.L. (CHAIRMAN OF 
STATUTORY AUDITORS) 
L.E.C.A. 
INVEST 
S.R.L. 
(ATTORNEY) 
LECHLER S.P.A. (CHAIRMAN 
OF STATUTORY AUDITORS) 
MANCINICINQUE S.R.L. (SOLE 
DIRECTOR) 
MEDINCO 
S.P.A. 
(SOLE 
DIRECTOR) 
MEGA 
S.R.L. 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
NORTEC 
SRL 
(SOLE 
DIRECTOR) 
NOVATESE 
ONORANZE 
FUNEBRI S.R.L. (DIRECTOR) 
RE 
FOUR 
S.R.L. 
(SOLE 
DIRECTOR) 
RE 
SIX 
S.R.L. 
(SOLE 
DIRECTOR) 
RI.MA 
GROUP 
S.R.L. 
(EXTERNAL AUDITOR) 
RIBEF 
S.R.L. 
(SOLE 
DIRECTOR) 
RODARI S.P.A. (CHAIRMAN OF 
STATUTORY AUDITORS) 
SANTISIDORO 
SOCIETA' 
AGRICOLA S.R.L. (DIRECTOR)

--- Page 184 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 183 - 
IT-New 
 
NAME 
POSITION  
PRINCIPAL 
ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE 
THE 
PIRELLI 
GROUP (IF ANY)  
SAV 
HOLDING 
S.P.A. 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
SDP 
- 
DISTRIBUZIONE 
PETROLI S.R.L. (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
SO.DI.P 
SOCIETA' 
DI 
DIFFUSIONE 
PERIODICI 
ANGELO 
PATUZZI 
S.P.A. 
(CHAIRMAN OF STATUTORY 
AUDITORS) 
TECNOMIL S.P.A. (STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
TERMOMECCANICA - S.P.A. 
(CHAIRMAN OF STATUTORY 
AUDITORS) 
TM.E. 
S.P.A. 
- 
TERMOMECCANICA 
ECOLOGIA (CHAIRMAN OF 
STATUTORY AUDITORS) 
TM.H.P. S.R.L. - HOLDING 
PARTECIPAZIONI (EXTERNAL 
AUDITOR) 
TM.P. 
S.P.A. 
- 
TERMOMECCANICA 
POMPE 
(CHAIRMAN OF STATUTORY 
AUDITORS) 
UNIMEDIA 
S.R.L. 
(SOLE 
AUDITOR) 
UNIVERSO 
PUBBLICITA' 
S.R.L. (SOLE AUDITOR) 
VALMADRERA 
S.P.A. 
IN 
LIQUIDAZIONE 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
WORLD SERVIZI EDITORIALI 
S.R.L. (SOLE AUDITOR)  
FOSSATI DANIELE 
ALTERNATE AUDITOR 
RELIFE PLASTIC PACKAGING 
SRL (ALTERNATE AUDITOR) 
RELIFE 
PAPER 
MILL 
SRL 
(ALTERNATE AUDITOR) 
ITINERA SPA (ALTERNATE 
AUDITOR)

--- Page 185 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 184 - 
IT-New 
 
NAME 
POSITION  
PRINCIPAL 
ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE 
THE 
PIRELLI 
GROUP (IF ANY)  
NUOVA ARGO FINANZIARIA 
SPA (ALTERNATE AUDITOR) 
TELCO 
SRL 
(ALTERNATE 
AUDITOR) 
ISOLTEMA SPA (ALTERNATE 
AUDITOR) 
RELIFE 
RECYCLING 
SRL 
(ALTERNATE AUDITOR) 
REFUEL SRL (CHAIRMAN OF 
STATUTORY AUDITORS) 
RELIFE 
SPA 
(ALTERNATE 
AUDITOR) 
BLUBRIDGE SPA (CHAIRMAN 
OF STATUTORY AUDITORS) 
CARTARIA 
MONZESE 
SRL 
(ALTERNATE AUDITOR) 
SACCHETTIFICIO 
MONSEZE 
IN 
LIQUIDAZIONE 
(LIQUIDATOR) 
ADRIAOIL 
SPA 
IN 
LIQUIDAZIONE 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
TECNOMAGNETE 
SPA 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
GARZANTI SPECIALITIES SPA 
(ALTERNATE AUDITOR) 
RAVELLI 
SPA 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
BUSINESS 
PRESS 
SRL 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
ALPIDORICA 
SPA 
(ALTERNATE AUDITOR) 
NAAR TOUR OPERATOR SPA 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
BAUMER 
ITALIA 
SRL 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
FILLATTICE 
SPA 
IN 
LIQUIDAZIONE 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR)

--- Page 186 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 185 - 
IT-New 
 
NAME 
POSITION  
PRINCIPAL 
ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE 
THE 
PIRELLI 
GROUP (IF ANY)  
EUROPORTS 
ITALY 
SPA 
(ALTERNATE AUDITOR) 
SI-SOCIETÀ 
INTERNAZIONALE 
SPA 
(ALTERNATE AUDITOR) 
EPIC 
HOLDING 
SPA 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
TERMINAL RINFUSE VENEZIA 
SPA (ALTERNATE AUDITOR) 
PROMETEON TYRE GROUP 
SRL (ALTERNATE AUDITOR) 
THALEIA SPA (ALTERNATE 
AUDITOR) 
MUZINICH & CO SOCIETÀ DI 
GESTIONE E RISPARMIO SPA 
(ALTERNATE AUDITOR) 
PF 
VENTURE 
SPA 
(ALTERNATE AUDITOR) 
SOCIETA' DI MACINAZIONE 
MOLINI 
CERTOSA 
SPA 
(STANDING AUDITOR) 
EURICOM SPA (ALTERNATE 
AUDITOR) 
CURTI 
SRL 
(STANDING 
AUDITOR) 
SO.GE.MA 
SOCIETA' 
MAGAZZINI 
SPA 
(ALTERNATE AUDITOR) 
PERRUCCHINI 
SPA 
(ALTERNATE AUDITOR) 
RELIFE PAPER PACKAGING 
SRL (ALTERNATE AUDITOR) 
PIETRO 
FIORENTINI 
SPA 
(ALTERNATE AUDITOR) 
C2MAC 
GROUP 
SPA 
(ALTERNATE AUDITOR) 
CURTI 
SRL 
(MEMBER 
OF 
SUPERVISORY BODY)

--- Page 187 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 186 - 
IT-New 
 
NAME 
POSITION  
PRINCIPAL 
ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE 
THE 
PIRELLI 
GROUP (IF ANY)  
EURICOM SPA (MEMBER OF 
SUPERVISORY BODY)  
 
The business address of each of the members of the board of directors and board of statutory auditors of 
Pirelli Tyre is Viale Piero e Alberto Pirelli 25, 20126 Milan, Italy. 
Conflict of Interests 
As far as Pirelli Tyre is aware, there are no conflicts of interests between any duties to Pirelli Tyre of Pirelli 
Tyre's directors and statutory auditors and the private interests, and/or other duties, of such persons. In any 
event, if any conflicts of interests were to occur, the relevant transactions would be submitted to the 
competent bodies of Pirelli Tyre in compliance with applicable rules and procedures of Pirelli Tyre 
concerning interests of directors and related-parties transactions, as the case may be. 
Independent Auditors 
Pirelli Tyre's separate annual financial statements as at 31 December 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019 prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the Republic of 
Italy have been audited by PWC. 
The audit reports of PWC are available to the public and are included in the annual reports as of and for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2021, 2020 and 2019 of Pirelli Tyre incorporated by reference herein.

--- Page 188 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 187 - 
IT-New 
 
TAXATION 
The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations 
which may be relevant to make a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does 
not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such 
as dealers in security or commodities) may be subject to additional or special rules.  
The following is a summary of certain material Italian tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, 
redemption and disposition of Notes for Italian resident and non-Italian resident beneficial owners only 
and it is not intended to be, nor should it be constructed to be, legal or tax advice. Prospective purchasers 
of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax consequences of their 
acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments on interest, principal and/or other 
amounts under the Notes, including, in particular, the effect of any state, regional and local tax laws. 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy and on published practices 
of the Italian tax authorities in effect in Italy as at the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any 
changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a retroactive basis. The Issuer 
and the Guarantor will not update this summary to reflect changes in laws and if such a change occurs the 
information in this summary could become invalid. This summary assumes that the Issuer is resident in the 
Republic of Italy for tax purposes, is structured and conducts its business in the manner outlined in this 
Base Prospectus. Changes in the Issuer’s organizational structure, tax residence or the manner in which it 
conducts its business may invalidate this summary. This summary also assumes that each transaction with 
respect to the Notes is at arm's length.  
Where in this summary English terms and expressions are used to refer to Italian concepts, the meaning to 
be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Italian 
concepts under Italian law. References in these summaries to holders of the Notes include the beneficial 
owners of the Notes. Terms defined under each subsection below related to the tax laws of Italy only have 
such meanings as ascribed thereto in such respective section. 
Italian tax treatment of the securities  
The Notes may be subject to different tax regimes depending on whether: 
a) they represent a debt instrument implying a use of capital (impiego di capitale), through which 
the investors transfer to the Issuer a certain amount of capital, for the economic exploitation of 
the same, subject to the right to obtain a (partial or entire) reimbursement of such amount at 
maturity; or 
b) they represent derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial instruments, 
through which the investors purchase indirectly underlying financial instruments.  
Tax Treatment of Interest  
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended and supplemented (“Decree 239”) 
provides for the applicable regime regarding the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income 
(including the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price, hereinafter collectively 
referred to as “Interest”) deriving from notes falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree 
No. 917 of December 22, 1986, as amended and supplemented (“Decree 917”), issued, inter alia, by 
companies resident of Italy for tax purposes whose shares are listed on a regulated market or on a 
multilateral trading platform of EU Member States and of the States party to the EEA Agreement allowing 
a satisfactory exchange of information with the Italian tax authorities as included in the list provided by (i) 
the decree of the ministry of Economy and Finance of September 4, 1996 as subsequently amended and 
supplemented or (ii) once effective, any other decree that will be issued in the future under Article 11 
paragraph 4 letter c) of Decree 239 (any of such decrees, for the purpose of this section the "White List");
 
 
The provisions of Decree 239 only apply to Notes issued by Pirelli to the extent that they qualify as bonds 
or debentures similar to bonds pursuant to Article 44 of Decree 917. For these purposes, pursuant to Article 
44(2)(c)(2) of Decree 917, debentures similar to bonds ("titoli similari alle obbligazioni")  are securities 
that incorporate an unconditional obligation of Pirelli to pay, at maturity (or at any earlier redemption), an

--- Page 189 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 188 - 
IT-New 
 
amount not lower than their nominal value and which do not grant the holder any direct or indirect right to 
of participation to (or control of) management of the Issuer or of the business in relation to which they are 
issued. 
Otherwise, the Notes that do not qualify as bonds or similar securities as per Article 44 of Decree 917 are 
characterized for Italian tax purposes as “atypical securities” and as such regulated by Decree No. 512 of 
September 30, 1983. 
Italian resident Noteholders 
- 
Noteholders Not Engaged in an Entrepreneurial Activity 
Under Decree 239, where an Italian resident beneficial owner of the Notes (a "Noteholder") is (i) an 
individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, (ii) a non-
commercial partnership (società semplice) pursuant to Article 5 of Decree 917 (other than a società in nome 
collettivo or società in accomandita semplice or similar partnership) or a professional association, (iii) a 
non-commercial private or public institution (other than Italian undertaking for collective investments, 
SICAVs and SICAFs, each as described below), (iv) a trust not carrying out mainly or exclusively 
commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities, or (v) an investor exempt from 
Italian corporate income taxation, then Interest derived from the Notes are subject to a substitute tax, 
referred to as "imposta sostitutiva", levied at the rate of 26 per cent. All the above categories are qualified 
as "net recipients"(unless the relevant Noteholder described under (i), (ii) and (iii) above holds the Notes 
in a discretionary investment portfolio managed by an authorized intermediary and has validly opted for 
the application of the "risparmio gestito regime" (the "Asset Management Regime") under Article 7 of 
Legislative Decree No. 461 of November 21, 1997, as amended ("Decree 461") (see — "Tax Treatment of 
Capital Gains" below) or it has included the Notes in a long-term savings account. 
- 
Noteholders Engaged in an Entrepreneurial Activity 
If the Noteholders described under (i) and (iii) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which 
the Notes are effectively connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. Interest will be 
included in the relevant Noteholder's income tax return and will be subject to ordinary income taxation and 
imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from Italian income tax due. 
 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder who is the beneficial owner of the Notes is a company or similar 
commercial entity or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are 
effectively connected and the Notes are timely deposited, together with the relevant Coupon, with an 
Intermediary (as defined under paragraph "Application of imposta sostitutiva" below), Interest from the 
Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva. They must, however, be included in the relevant 
Noteholder's annual income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation (and, 
in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also to the regional tax on productive 
activities (IRAP)). 
- 
Long-Term Savings Accounts 
 
Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and several limitations, 
Interest on the Notes (being financial instruments issued by an Italian resident corporation) may be exempt 
from income taxation if the Noteholder is an Italian resident individual not engaged in entrepreneurial 
activity and the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(100 - 114) of Law No. 232 of December 11, 2016, as 
subsequently amended and restated from time to time ("Finance Act 2017") and the requirements set forth 
in Article 1 (211-215) of Law No. 145 of December 30, 2018 (the “Finance Act 2019”), if the long-term 
saving account is set up with effect from January 1, 2019 and in Article 13-bis of Decree No. 124 of October 
26, 2019, as amended and supplemented from time to time (“Decree 124”) and Article 136 of Decree No. 
34 of May 19, 2020 (“Decree 34”) if the long-term saving account is set up with effect from January 1, 
2020.  
- 
Asset Management Regime 
Italian resident individuals holding Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial activity who have opted 
for the Asset Management Regime are subject to a 26 per cent. annual substitute tax (the "Asset

--- Page 190 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 189 - 
IT-New 
 
Management Tax") on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year 
(which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes). The Asset Management Tax is applied on 
behalf of the taxpayer by the managing authorized intermediary. 
- 
Real Estate Funds and Real Estate SICAFs 
Interest on the Notes accrued during the relevant holding period in the hands of Italian resident real estate 
investment funds ("Real Estate Funds") and real estate closed-ended investment companies (società di 
investimento a capitale fisso, or "real estate SICAFs"), provided that inter alia the Notes are timely 
deposited, together with the relevant Coupons, with an Intermediary (as defined under paragraph 
"Application of imposta sostitutiva" below), are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income 
tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund or the real estate SICAF. However, a withholding or substitute tax of 
26% will apply, in certain circumstances, to income realized by unitholders or shareholders of such Real 
Estate Funds or real estate SICAFs in the event of distributions, redemption or sale of the units or shares. 
Moreover, in certain circumstances, income realized by Real Estate Funds or real estate SICAFs is attributed 
pro rata to the Italian resident unitholders or shareholders irrespective of any actual distribution on a tax 
transparency basis. 
- 
Funds, SICAV, non-real estate SICAF 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a non-real estate open-ended or a closed-ended collective 
investment fund (a "Fund"), or an open-ended investment company (Societa di Investimento a Capitale 
Variabile, or "SICAV") or an a non-real estate SICAF (Societ`a di Investimento a Capitale Fisso non 
Immobiliare or "non-real estate SICAF") established in Italy and either (i) the Fund, the SICAV or the 
non-real estate SICAF or (ii) their manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority and the 
Notes are timely deposited, together with the relevant Coupon, with an Intermediary (as defined under 
paragraph "Application of imposta sostitutiva" below), Interest on the Notes accrued during the relevant 
holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the management results 
of the Fund, the SICAV or the non-real estate SICAF. The Fund, the SICAV or the non-real estate SICAF 
are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at their level, but a withholding tax at 
a rate of 26 percent will instead apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favor of unitholders 
or shareholders of the Fund, the SICAV or the non-real estate SICAF (the Collective Investment Fund 
Tax).  
- 
Pension Fund 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by article 17 
of the Italian Legislative Decree of December 5, 2005, No. 252, a "Pension Fund") and, inter alia, the 
Notes are timely deposited, together with the relevant Coupon, with an Intermediary (as defined under 
paragraph "Application of imposta sostitutiva" below), Interest relating to the Notes and accrued during 
the relevant holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the results 
of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, which will be subject to a 20 percent substitute 
tax (the "Pension Fund Tax"). Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period 
requirement) and several limitations, Interest to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 
Pension Fund Tax if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio 
a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (100 - 114) of Finance Act 2017, and 
the requirements set forth in Article 1 (211-215) of Finance Act 2019, if the long-term saving account is 
set up with effect from January 1, 2019 and in Article 13-bis of Decree 124 and Article 136 of Decree 34 
if the long-term saving account is set up with effect from January 1, 2020. 
Application of imposta sostitutiva  
Pursuant to Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is generally applied by banks, società di intermediazione 
mobiliare ("SIM"), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio ("SGR"), stockbrokers and other 
entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance ("Intermediaries", and each, an 
"Intermediary"). An Intermediary must (a) be resident in Italy or be a permanent establishment in Italy of 
a non-Italian resident financial intermediary and (b) intervene, in any way, in the collection of Interest or 
in the transfer of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes 
includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the 
ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited.

--- Page 191 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 190 - 
IT-New 
 
Where the Notes and the relevant Coupons are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva 
is applied and withheld by any Italian financial intermediary or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-
Italian resident financial intermediary paying Interest to a Noteholder, or absent that, by Pirelli and gross 
recipients that are Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of non-resident 
corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected are entitled to deduct the imposta sostitutiva 
suffered from income taxes due.  
Pursuant to Article 9 of Decree 239, certain non-Italian resident entities or companies acting through a 
system of centralized administration of securities and directly connected with the Department of Revenue 
of the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance (which includes Euroclear and Clearstream) are treated as 
equivalent to an Intermediary for the purposes of Decree 239 if certain specific conditions are met. 
Non-Italian Resident Noteholders 
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva on Interest on the Notes applies 
provided that the non-Italian tax resident Noteholder is either (i) a beneficial owner of the Interest and 
resident, for tax purposes, in State or territory included in the White List; or (ii) an international body or 
entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (iii) a 
Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (iv) an certain 
institutional investor, whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a State or territory included in 
the White List. 
In order to ensure gross payment (i.e. payment without the application of the 26% imposta sostitutiva), non-
Italian resident Noteholders must be the beneficial owners of the Interest (“institutional investors” are not 
required to satisfy the beneficial ownership requirement) and must promptly deposit, directly or indirectly, 
the Notes, together with the Coupons relating to such Notes, directly or indirectly with: 
1. 
an Italian or non-Italian resident bank or financial institution (the "First Level Bank"), acting as 
intermediary in the deposit of the Notes held directly or indirectly by the Noteholder with a Second 
Level Bank (as defined below); or  
2. 
an Italian resident bank or certain other specific financial institutions, or a permanent establishment 
in Italy of a non-resident bank or certain other specific financial institutions, acting as depositary 
or sub-depositary of the Notes appointed to maintain direct relationships, via telematic link, with 
the Department of Revenue of the Ministry of Economy and Finance (the "Second Level Bank"). 
Organizations and companies that are not resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralized 
administration of securities and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the Italian 
Ministry of Economy and Finance are treated as Second Level Banks, provided that they appoint 
an Italian fiscal representative (an Italian resident bank or certain other specific financial 
institutions, or the permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident bank or certain other specific 
financial institutions, or a central depositary of financial instruments pursuant to Article 80 of 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of February 24, 1998) for the purposes of the application of Decree 239. 
If a non-resident Noteholder deposits the Notes directly with a Second Level Bank, the latter shall 
be treated both as a First Level Bank and a Second Level Bank.  
The exemption from the imposta sostitutiva for non-resident Noteholders is conditional upon: 
(a) 
the deposit of the Notes, either directly or indirectly, with an institution which qualifies as a Second 
Level Bank; and  
(b) 
the submission to the First Level Bank or the Second Level Bank (as the case may be), concurrently 
with the deposit of the Notes, of a statement of the relevant Noteholder (autocertificazione), in 
which it declares, inter alia, that it is the beneficial owner of any interest on the Notes and it is 
eligible to benefit from the exemption from the imposta sostitutiva. 
Such statement must comply with the requirements set forth by the Italian Ministerial Decree of December 
12, 2001, is valid until withdrawn or revoked (unless some information provided therein has changed) and 
does not need to be submitted where a certificate, declaration or other similar document for the same or 
equivalent purposes was previously submitted to the same depository. The above statement is not required 
for non-Italian resident investors that are international bodies or entities set up in accordance with

--- Page 192 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 191 - 
IT-New 
 
international agreements entered into force in Italy referred to in point (ii) above or Central Banks or entities 
also authorized to manage the official reserves of a State referred to in point (iii) above. Additional 
requirements are provided for "institutional investors" referred to in point (iv) above (in this respect see 
Circular No. 23/E of March 1, 2002 and No. 20/E of March 27, 2003). 
Failure of a non-Italian resident Noteholder to comply promptly with the aforementioned procedures set 
forth in Decree 239 and in the relevant implementation rules will result in the application of imposta 
sostitutiva on Interest payments to a non-resident Noteholder. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. to Interest paid to Noteholders who do 
not qualify for the foregoing exemption or do not promptly and properly satisfy the requested conditions 
(including the procedures set forth under Decree 239 and in the relevant implementation rules). Non-Italian 
resident Noteholders who are subject to imposta sostitutiva might nevertheless be eligible for full or partial 
relief under an applicable tax treaty subject to timely filing of required documentation provided by 
Regulation of the Director of Italian Revenue Agency No. 2013/84404 of July 10, 2013. 
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) 
or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) pursuant to Article 44 of Decree 917 may 
be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent.  
In such a case, where the Noteholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Notes are connected; (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity; (c) a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are effectively connected; (d) an 
Italian commercial partnership; or (e) an Italian commercial private or public institution, such withholding 
tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases, including when the Noteholder is a non-Italian 
resident, the withholding tax is a final withholding tax. For non-Italian resident Noteholders, the 
withholding tax rate may be reduced by any applicable tax treaty, subject to the compliance of the relevant 
requirements. 
Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and several limitations, 
Interest on the Notes (being financial instruments issued by an Italian resident corporation) may be exempt 
from income taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other income relating to the 
Notes not falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari 
alle obbligazioni), shares or securities similar to shares pursuant to Article 44 of Decree 917, if the 
Noteholder is an Italian resident individual not engaged in entrepreneurial activity and the Notes are 
included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
set forth in Article 1 (100 - 114) of Finance Act 2017 and requirements set forth in Article 1 (211-215) of 
Finance Act 2019, if the long-term saving account is set up with effect from January 1, 2019 and in Article 
13-bis of Decree 124 and Article 136 of Decree 34 if the long-term saving account is set up with effect 
from January 1, 2020.  
Payments made by an Italian resident guarantor 
According to a certain interpretation, payments on the Notes made by an Italian resident guarantor under a 
guarantee should be treated, in certain circumstances, as payment by the Issuer and should be subject to the 
tax regime described above. However, there are no public guidelines issued by the Italian tax authorities 
dealing with the Italian tax regime of payments on notes made by an Italian resident guarantor. Accordingly, 
there can be no assurance that the Italian tax authorities will not assert an alternative treatment of such 
payments or that the Italian courts would not support such an alternative treatment. 
In particular, according to a different interpretation, if any future Italian resident guarantor makes any 
payments in respect of Interest on the Notes (or any other amounts due under the Notes other than the 
repayment of principal) it is possible that such payments may be subject to withholding tax at the applicable 
rate of 26% levied as a final tax or a provisional tax ("a titolo d'imposta o a titolo di acconto") depending 
on the "status" of the Noteholder, pursuant to Presidential Decree 29 September 1973, No. 600, as 
subsequently amended. In the case of payments to non-Italian resident Noteholders, the withholding tax 
should be final. For non-Italian resident Noteholders, the withholding tax rate may be reduced by any 
applicable tax treaty, subject to the compliance of the relevant requirements.

--- Page 193 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 192 - 
IT-New 
 
Tax Treatment of Capital Gains  
Italian resident Noteholders 
- 
Noteholders Engaged in an Entrepreneurial Activity 
Any capital gain realized upon the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable 
business income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also as part of 
the net value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar commercial 
entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are effectively 
connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are 
effectively connected. 
- 
Noteholders Not Engaged in an Entrepreneurial Activity 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an (i) an individual not engaged in entrepreneurial activity to which 
the Notes issued by the Issuer are connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a private or public 
institution a not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities, any capital gain realised by such 
Noteholder upon the sale or redemption of the Notes would be subject to an substitute tax, levied at the 
current rate of 26 per cent. (the "CGT"). Under certain conditions and limitations, Noteholders may set off 
losses with gains. 
In respect of the application of CGT, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes described below. 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for Italian 
resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, the CGT  
on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital 
loss of the same nature, realized by the Italian resident individual Noteholder holding the Notes during any 
given tax year. Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial 
activity must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital 
loss of the same nature, in their annual tax return and pay the CGT on such gains together with any balance 
income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital 
gains of the same nature realised in any of the four succeeding tax years.  
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individual Noteholders holding the Notes 
not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may elect to pay the CGT separately on capital gains 
realized on each sale or redemption of the Notes (the risparmio amministrato regime). Such separate 
taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (a) the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or 
certain authorised financial intermediaries (including permanent establishments in Italy of foreign 
intermediaries) and (b) an express election for the risparmio amministrato regime being timely made in 
writing by the relevant Noteholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva 
in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital 
gains realized upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss of the same nature. 
The depository is also required to pay the CGT to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the Noteholder, 
deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using funds 
provided by the Noteholder for this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, any possible 
capital loss resulting from a sale or redemption of the Notes may be deducted from capital gains 
subsequently realised, within the same securities management, in the same tax year or in the following 
tax years up to the fourth. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the Noteholder is not required to 
declare the capital gains in the annual tax return.  
Under another regime, e.g. the Asset Management Regime, any capital gains realised by Italian resident 
individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity who have entrusted the 
management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary will be included 
in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at 
year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Any 
depreciation of the managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of 
the managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. The Noteholder is not required to 
declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return.

--- Page 194 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 193 - 
IT-New 
 
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and several limitations, 
capital gains on the Notes may be exempt from any income taxation (including from the 26% CGT) if the 
Noteholder is an Italian resident individual not engaged in entrepreneurial activity and the Notes are 
included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets all the requirements 
set forth in Article 1(100 - 114) of Finance Act 2017 and requirements set forth in Article 1 (211-215) of 
Finance Act 2019, if the long-term saving account is set up with effect from January 1, 2019 and in Article 
13-bis of Decree 124 and Article 136 of Decree 34 if the long-term saving account is set up with effect 
from January 1, 2020. 
Any capital gains realized by a Noteholder which qualifies as a Real Estate Fund or a real estate SICAF are 
not taxable at the level of such entity. Please refer to section "Tax Treatment of Interest”, paragraph “Italian 
resident Noteholders” subpara “Real Estate Funds and Real Estate SICAFs” above. 
Any capital gains realized by a Noteholder which qualifies as a Fund, a SICAV and a non real estate SICAF 
is subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the above entities. Please 
refer to section "Tax Treatment of Interest”, paragraph “Italian resident Noteholders” subpara “Funds, 
SICAV, non-real estate SICAF” above. 
Any capital gains realized by a Noteholder which qualifies a Pension Fund will be included in the result of 
the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject the Pension Fund Tax. . Please refer 
to section "Tax Treatment of Interest”, paragraph “Italian resident Noteholders” subpara “Funds, Pension 
Fund” above. 
Non-Italian Resident Noteholders 
Capital gains realized by non-Italian resident Noteholders (without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected) from the sale or redemption of Notes traded on regulated 
markets in Italy or abroad are not subject to the CGT (regardless of whether the Notes are held in Italy), 
subject to the timely filing of required documentation (in particular, a self-declaration that the Noteholder 
is not resident in Italy for tax purposes). 
Capital gains realized by non-Italian resident Noteholders from the sale or redemption of Notes issued by 
an Italian or non-Italian resident issuer not traded on regulated markets may in certain circumstances be 
taxable in Italy if the Notes are held in Italy. However, non-Italian resident beneficial owners of Notes 
without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, are not subject to 
the CGT, provided that the beneficial owner is: 
(a) 
a resident, for tax purposes, of a state or territory included in the White List; or 
(b) 
an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have 
entered into force in Italy; or 
(c) 
an ''institutional investor,'' whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a State or territory 
included in the White List; or 
(d) 
a central bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders must satisfy conditions similar to those 
set forth above to benefit from the exemption from the imposta sostitutiva in accordance with Decree 239 
(see section "Tax Treatment of Interest”, paragraph “Non-Italian Resident Noteholders” above). 
If none of the above exemptions apply, capital gains realized by non-resident Noteholders from the sale or 
the redemption of Notes may be subject to the CGT at the current rate of 26%. However, Noteholders might 
benefit from an applicable tax treaty with Italy, which may provide that capital gains realized upon the sale 
or redemption of the Notes are to be taxed only in the State where the recipient is tax resident, subject to 
certain conditions to be satisfied. 
Under these circumstances, if non-Italian resident entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected hold Notes with an Italian authorized financial intermediary and 
are subject to the risparmio amministrato regime or elect for the Asset Management Regime, exemption 
from Italian taxation on capital gains will apply upon condition that the non-Italian resident Noteholders

--- Page 195 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 194 - 
IT-New 
 
file in time with the authorized financial intermediary appropriate documents which include, inter alia, a 
certificate of residence from the competent tax authorities of their Country of residence. 
The risparmio amministrato regime is the ordinary regime automatically applicable to non-Italian residents 
holding Notes deposited with an Intermediary, but non-Italian resident Noteholders retain the right to waive 
this regime. 
Other Italian Tax Provisions  
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, as 
subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including the Notes) as a result of death or 
donation (or other transfers for no consideration) are taxed as follows: 
(1) 
4% on the value of the inheritance or the gift for transfers in favour of the spouse or direct relatives 
exceeding, for each beneficiary, a threshold of €1.0 million; 
(2) 
6% on the value of the inheritance or the gift for transfers in favour of brothers/sisters exceeding, 
for each beneficiary, a threshold of €0.1 million;  
(3) 
6% on the value of the inheritance or the gift for transfers in favour of relatives (parenti) up to the 
fourth degree and to all relatives in law in direct line (affini in linea retta) and to other relatives in 
law (affini in linea collaterale) up to the third degree; and 
(4) 
8% on the value of the inheritance or the gift for transfers in favour of any other person or entity. 
If the heir/heiress and/or the donee is a person with a severe disability pursuant to Law No. 104 of February 
5, 1992, inheritance tax or gift tax is applied to the extent that the value of the inheritance or gift exceeds 
€1.5 million. 
With respect to Notes listed on a regulated market, the value for inheritance and gift tax purposes is the 
average stock exchange price of the last quarter preceding the date of the succession or of the gift (including 
any accrued interest). 
Italian inheritance tax and gift tax applies to non-Italian resident individuals for bonds issued by Italian 
resident companies. 
If the donee sells the Notes for consideration, having received the Notes as a gift, the donee is required to 
pay the relevant CGT on capital gains as if the gift has never taken place. 
The mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long term savings account (piano di 
risparmio a lungo termine) -that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (100 114) of Finance Act 
2017, and in Article 1 (210 215) the Finance Act 2019, as implemented by the Ministerial Decree 30 April 
2019 and for long-term savings account established from 1 January 2020, in Article 13-bis of Law Decree 
124, and Decree 34, as subsequently amended and restated,  is exempt from inheritance tax. 
Registration Tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of the Notes are subject to the registration tax as follows: 
(i) 
public deeds and notarised deeds (atti pubblici e scritture private authenticate) are subject to fixed 
registration tax at rate of €200;  
(ii) 
non notarized private deeds (scritture private non authenticate) are subject to a fixed registration 
tax of €200 only in case of use or voluntary registration or if the so-called "caso d'uso" or 
"enunciazione" occurs. 
If the contracts relating to the transfer of the Notes also include other clauses or provisions with economic 
content, additional Italian registration tax may be due, normally ranging from €200.00 to 3%. 
Stamp duty (financial instruments held through Italian financial intermediaries)

--- Page 196 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 195 - 
IT-New 
 
According to Tariff Article 13(2bis,2ter) of Presidential Decree No. 642 of October 26, 1972, a 0.2% stamp 
duty generally applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting communications which may be sent by 
a financial intermediary to a Noteholder in respect of any Notes which may be deposited with such Italian 
resident financial intermediary. Communications and reports are deemed to be sent at least once a year even 
if the Italian financial intermediary is under no obligation to either draft or send such communications and 
reports. The Notes are included in the notion of financial products for these purposes. The stamp duty 
applies on a yearly basis at a rate of 0.20 per cent., calculated on the market value or—in the absence of a 
market value—on the nominal value or the redemption amount of any financial product or financial 
instruments (including the Notes). The stamp duty cannot exceed Euro 14,000 for taxpayers different from 
individuals.  
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy 
on 24 May 2012, the 0.2% stamp duty does not apply to communications and reports that the Italian 
financial intermediaries send to investors who do not qualify as "clients" according to the regulations issued 
by the Bank of Italy. Communications and reports sent to this type of investors should be subject to the 
ordinary €2.00 stamp duty for each copy. Stamp duty applies both to Italian resident Noteholders and to 
non-Italian resident Noteholders, to the extent that the Notes are held with an Italian-based financial 
intermediary. 
Wealth Tax on financial instruments deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree of December 6, 2011, No. 201 ("Decree 201"), Italian resident 
individuals, non-commercial entities and certain partnerships (società semplice or similar partnerships) 
holding financial assets – including the Notes – outside the Italian territory without the involvement of an 
Italian financial intermediary are required to pay a wealth tax at the rate of 0.20% (the tax being determined 
in proportion to the period of ownership). Starting from 2020, for taxpayers other than individuals IVAFE 
cannot exceed Euro 14,000 per year. 
This wealth tax applies on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or – in the absence 
of a market value– on the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held outside the 
Italian territory. Taxpayers are generally permitted to deduct from the wealth tax a tax credit equal to any 
wealth taxes paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth 
tax due). 
Tax monitoring obligations 
According to the Legislative Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments into Law No. 
227 of 4 August 1990, as amended from time to time, individuals, non commercial institution and non 
commercial partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree 
917) resident in Italy for tax purposes, who during the fiscal year hold investments abroad or have financial 
foreign assets (including Notes held abroad and/or Notes issued by a non-Italian resident Issuer) must, in 
some circumstances, disclose the aforesaid investments the Italian Tax Authorities in their income tax return 
(or, in case the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same time as 
prescribed for the income tax return). 
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial 
instruments, are the actual owner of the instrument. 
Furthermore, it is not necessary to comply with the above reporting requirement with respect to: (i) the Notes 
deposited for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) the contracts entered into 
through their intervention, upon condition that the items of income derived from the Notes have been subject 
to tax by the same intermediaries; or (iii) if the foreign investments are only composed of deposits and/or 
bank accounts and their aggregate value does not exceed a €15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
The Proposed EU Financial Transactions Tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (each, other than Estonia, a participating Member State). However, Estonia has 
ceased to participate.

--- Page 197 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 196 - 
IT-New 
 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member 
State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
DAC 6 
The EU Council Directive 2018/822/EU of May 25, 2018 (“DAC 6”) implemented the mandatory 
automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation in relation to reportable cross-border 
arrangements. DAC 6 has been implemented in Italy. Under DAC 6, intermediaries which meet certain 
criteria and taxpayers are required to disclose to the relevant Tax Authorities certain cross-border 
arrangements, which contain one or more of a prescribed list of hallmarks, performed from June 25, 2018 
onwards.

--- Page 198 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 197 - 
IT-New 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of ABCI Capital Limited, Banca 
Akros S.p.A. – Gruppo Banco BPM, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Barclays Bank Ireland 
PLC, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Europe) S.A., ING Bank N.V., Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A., Mediobanca Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., Mizuho Securities GmbH, MUFG 
Securities (Europe) N.V., Natixis and UniCredit Bank AG or to any other dealer as may be appointed under 
the Programme (the "Dealers"). The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to 
be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated 13 May 2022 
(the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers. If, in the case of 
any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a single Dealer for 
that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be 
described in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and 
any other interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the 
appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. If in the case of any 
Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and more than one Dealer 
for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will 
be described in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as "Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to 
subscribe the Notes will be joint and several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and any other 
interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the 
appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as 
Stabilising Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the Notes, 
the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other agreed 
deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes. The Dealer Agreement provides that the obligations of the initial 
purchasers to subscribe for Notes are subject to certain conditions precedent, including (among other things) 
receipt of legal opinions from counsel. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category 1/2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the Final 
Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution 
compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and 
sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors

--- Page 199 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 198 - 
IT-New 
 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented, and agreed that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
(or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail 
investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU 
MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public 
in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State:  
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
EU Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes and the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes incudes the legend 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold 
or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would

--- Page 200 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 199 - 
IT-New 
 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include the legend "Prohibition of Sales 
to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the 
public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public 
in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United 
Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other UK regulatory restrictions  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA 
by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom.

--- Page 201 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 200 - 
IT-New 
 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la 
Borsa (CONSOB) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, 
sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any 
Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except in accordance with the exceptions provided under 
the Prospectus Regulation and any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations. 
Each of the Dealers represents and agrees and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Note or distribute any 
copies of this Base Prospectus and/or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy 
except: 
(i) to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Italian laws and regulations; or 
(ii)  in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the “Financial Services Act”), Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 
14 May 1999, as amended from time to time ("Regulation No. 11971"), and any other applicable 
Italian laws and regulations. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraphs (i) or (ii) above must: 
(a) be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative 
Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the “Banking Act”); and 
(b) comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, on the issue or the offer 
of securities in the Republic of Italy pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act and the relevant 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any other 
Italian authority. 
The Issuer and each Dealer (and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to) acknowledge and accept that in no event may the Notes be sold or transferred (at any time after 
the Issue Date) to persons other than “qualified investors”, as referred to under the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake, that it has not offered or sold, and will not 
offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes to the public in the Republic of France and it has not distributed 
or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, the Base 
Prospectus, the Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes and each Dealer has agreed 
that it will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes in France to qualified investors (investisseurs 
qualifiés) as defined in Article L.411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier and it has only 
distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France to such 
qualified investors this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the 
Notes.  
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree,

--- Page 202 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 201 - 
IT-New 
 
that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any 
person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to 
others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in 
Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of 
Japan. 
People's Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will offer or sell 
any of the Notes in the PRC (excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the Macau Special 
Administrative Region and Taiwan Region) as part of the initial distribution of the Notes. The Base 
Prospectus or any information contained or incorporated by reference therein does not constitute an offer 
to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC. The Base Prospectus, any information 
contained therein or the Notes have not been, and will not be, submitted to, approved by, verified by or 
registered with any relevant governmental authorities in the PRC and thus may not be supplied to the public 
in the PRC or used in connection with any offer for the subscription or sale of the Notes in the PRC. 
The Notes may only be invested by the PRC investors that are authorised to engage in the investment in the 
Notes of the type being offered or sold. Investors are responsible for informing themselves about and 
observing all legal and regulatory restrictions, obtaining all relevant governmental approvals, verifications, 
licences or registrations (if any) from all relevant PRC governmental authorities, including, but not limited 
to, the People's Bank of China, the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, the China Securities 
Regulatory Commission, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission, and other relevant 
regulatory bodies, and complying with all relevant PRC regulations, including, but not limited to, any 
relevant foreign exchange regulations and/or overseas investment regulations. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes other than (a) to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO") and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the 
"C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are 
likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the 
securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be 
disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in 
the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that (to the best of its knowledge and belief) it has 
complied and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from 
which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into 
whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to 
comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they 
purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense.

--- Page 203 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 202 - 
IT-New 
 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 204 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 203 - 
IT-New 
 
REMITTANCE OF PROCEEDS IN RENMINBI INTO OR OUT OF THE PRC 
Current Account Items 
Under PRC foreign exchange control regulations, current account items refer to any transaction for 
international receipts and payments involving goods, services, earnings and other frequent transfers. 
Prior to July 2009, all current account items were required to be settled in foreign currencies with limited 
exceptions. Following progressive reforms, Renminbi settlement of imports and exports of goods and of 
services and other current account items became permissible nationwide in 2012. 
Since July 2013, the procedures for cross-border Renminbi trade settlement under current account items 
have been simplified and trades through e-commerce can also be settled under in Renminbi under the 
current regulatory regime. A cash pooling arrangement for qualified multinational enterprise group 
companies was introduced in late 2014, under which a multinational enterprise group can process cross-
border Renminbi payments and receipts for current account items on a collective basis for eligible member 
companies in the group. In addition, the eligibility requirements for multinational enterprise groups have 
been lowered and the cap for net cash inflow has been increased in September 2015. 
The regulations referred to above are subject to interpretation and application by the relevant PRC 
authorities. Local authorities may adopt different practices in applying these regulations and impose 
conditions for settlement of current account items. 
Capital Account Items 
Under PRC foreign exchange control regulations, capital account items include cross-border transfers of 
capital, direct investments, securities investments, derivative products and loans. Capital account payments 
are generally subject to approval of, and/or registration or filing with, the relevant PRC authorities. 
Until recently, settlement of capital account items, for example, the capital contribution of foreign investors 
to foreign invested enterprises in the PRC, were generally required to be made in foreign currencies. Under 
progressive reforms, foreign enterprises are now permitted use Renminbi to settle all capital account items 
that can be settled in foreign currencies. Cross-border Renminbi payment infrastructure and trading 
facilities are being improved. Approval, registration and filing requirements specifically for capital account 
payments in Renminbi are being removed gradually. 
PRC entities are also permitted to borrow Renminbi-denominated loans from foreign lenders (which are 
referred to as "foreign debt") and lend Renminbi-denominated loans to foreign borrowers (which are 
referred to as "outbound loans"), as long as such PRC entities have the necessary quota, approval or 
registration. PRC entities may also denominate security or guarantee arrangements in Renminbi and make 
Renminbi payments thereunder to parties in the PRC as well as other jurisdictions (which is referred to as 
"cross-border security"). Under current rules promulgated by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange 
of the PRC ("SAFE") and PBoC, foreign debts borrowed, outbound loans extended, and the cross-border 
security provided by a PRC onshore entity (including a financial institution) in Renminbi shall, in principle, 
be regulated under the current PRC foreign debt, outbound loan and cross-border security regimes 
applicable to foreign currencies. After piloting in the free trade zones, PBoC and SAFE launched a nation-
wide system of macro-prudential management on cross-border financing in 2016, which provides for a 
unified regime for financings denominated in both foreign currencies and Renminbi. 
Since September 2015, qualified multinational enterprise groups can extend Renminbi-denominated loans 
to, or borrow Renminbi-denominated loans from, eligible offshore member entities within the same group 
by leveraging the cash pooling arrangements. The Renminbi funds will be placed in a special deposit 
account and may not be used to invest in stocks, financial derivatives, or non-self-use real estate assets, or 
purchase wealth management products or extend loans to enterprises outside the group. 
The securities markets, specifically the Renminbi Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor ("RQFII") 
regime and the China Interbank Bond Market ("CIBM"), have been further liberalised for foreign investors. 
PBoC has relaxed the quota control for RQFII, initiated a bond market mutual access scheme between 
mainland and Hong Kong to allow eligible investors to invest in CIBM and has also expanded the list of 
foreign investors eligible to directly invest in CIBM, removed quota restriction, and granted more flexibility 
for the settlement agents to provide the relevant institutions with more trading facilities (for example, in 
relation to derivatives for hedging foreign exchange risk).

--- Page 205 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 204 - 
IT-New 
 
Interbank foreign exchange market is also opening-up. In 2018, CFETS further relaxed qualifications, 
application materials and the procedures for foreign participating banks (which needs to have a relatively 
large scale of Renminbi purchase and sale business and international influence) to access the inter-bank 
foreign exchange market. 
Recent reforms introduced were aimed at controlling the remittance of Renminbi for payment of 
transactions categorised as capital account items. There is no assurance that the PRC Government will 
continue to gradually liberalise the control over Renminbi payments of capital account item transactions in 
the future. The relevant regulations are relatively new and will be subject to interpretation and application 
by the relevant PRC authorities. Further, if any new PRC regulations are promulgated in the future which 
have the effect of permitting or restricting (as the case may be) the remittance of Renminbi for payment of 
transactions categorised as capital account items, then such remittances will need to be made subject to the 
specific requirements or restrictions set out in such rules.

--- Page 206 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 205 - 
IT-New 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by resolutions of the 
Board of Directors of Pirelli, as the Issuer, dated 23 February 2022. The giving of the Guarantee by Pirelli 
Tyre, as a Guarantor, has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Pirelli Tyre 
dated 2 March 2022. 
Listing and Admission to Trading of Notes 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. Application has 
also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection from the registered office of the Issuer and from the 
specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being in Luxembourg: 
(a) 
the By-laws (statuto) (with an English translation thereof) of Pirelli; 
(b) 
the By-laws (statuto) (with an English translation thereof) of Pirelli Tyre; 
(c) 
the separate annual financial statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 2021 
of Pirelli Tyre, the consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 2020 and 
2021 of Pirelli. Pirelli currently prepares audited consolidated accounts on an annual basis, and 
Pirelli Tyre currently prepares audited unconsolidated accounts on an annual basis; 
(d) 
the Trust Deed (which includes the Guarantees), the Agency Agreement and the forms of the 
Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(e) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
(f) 
any future Base Prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final 
Terms and Pricing Supplements (in the case of Exempt Notes) (save that Pricing Supplements will 
only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base 
Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference; and 
(g) 
in the case of each issue of Notes admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market subscribed pursuant to a subscription agreement, the subscription agreement (or 
equivalent document). 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are 
the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche 
of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). If the Notes are to clear through an additional 
or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement (in case of Exempt Notes). 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
LEI 
The Legal Entity Identifier of Pirelli is 815600A0C9AFC1F2A709.

--- Page 207 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 206 - 
IT-New 
 
The Legal Entity Identifier of the Guarantor is 815600E07E8B5FF8F765. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes other than Exempt Notes, an indication of the yield in respect 
of such Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of 
the Notes on the basis of the Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as 
at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position or financial performance of (i) 
Pirelli and the Pirelli Group since 31 December 2021 and (ii) Pirelli Tyre since 31 December 2021, and 
there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of Pirelli, the Pirelli Group 
and Pirelli Tyre since 31 December 2021. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed on pages 152-154 of this Base Prospectus, neither Pirelli nor Pirelli Tyre, nor any other 
member of the Pirelli Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened in writing of which Pirelli and Pirelli 
Tyre are aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such 
period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the such companies or the Pirelli 
Group taken as a whole. 
Auditors 
The consolidated annual financial statements of Pirelli for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2019 have been audited by PwC, independent auditors. 
The separate annual financial statement for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, 31 December 2020 
and 31 December 2019 of Pirelli Tyre have been audited by PwC, independent auditors.  
PwC is authorized and regulated by the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance (“MEF”) and registered 
on the special register of auditing firms maintained by the MEF. The registered office of PwC is at Piazza 
Tre Torri n. 2, 20145, Milan, Italy.  
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issue of Notes. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer and the Guarantor 
Certain of the Dealers and/or their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in financing, 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, 
Pirelli, Pirelli Tyre and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course 
of their business activities, the Dealers and/or their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments 
and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Guarantor, or the Issuer's 
or the Guarantor’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers and/or their affiliates that have a lending relationship 
with the Issuer or the Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer or the Guarantor 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and/or their affiliates 
would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit 
default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under 
the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under 
the Programme. The Dealers and/or their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or

--- Page 208 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 207 - 
IT-New 
 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. For the purpose of this paragraph the term "affiliates" includes also parent companies. 
Certain of the Dealers are authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (the "PRA") and regulated by 
the PRA and the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom. None of the Dealers is acting for any 
actual or prospective holders of instruments, and are neither advising nor treating as a client any other 
person and will not be responsible to any actual or prospective holders of instruments and will not be 
responsible to anyone other than the Issuer for providing the protections afforded to its clients nor for 
providing the services in relation to the offering described in this Base Prospectus and / or the Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement or any transaction or arrangement referred to herein or therein. None of the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates has authorised the content of, or any part of, Base Prospectus and/or 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
Websites 
The website of the Issuer is www.pirelli.com. The information on www.pirelli.com does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. Other than the information incorporated by reference, the content of the Pirelli website has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the competent authority. 
Any information contained in any other website specified in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 209 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 208 - 
IT-New 
 
 
ISSUER 
Pirelli & C. S.p.A. 
Viale Piero e Alberto Pirelli, 25 
20126 Milan 
Italy 
GUARANTOR 
Pirelli Tyre S.p.A. 
Viale Piero e Alberto Pirelli, 25 
20126 Milan 
Italy 
TRUSTEE 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer and Guarantor as to Italian law 
Chiomenti 
Via Giuseppe Verdi 4 
20121 Milan  
Italy 
 
To the Dealers as to English and Italian law 
 
Clifford Chance Studio Legale Associato 
Via Broletto 16 
20121 Milano 
Italy 
 
To the Trustee as to English law 
 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
 
TAX ADVISORS 
 
as to Italian tax law 
 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer 
Via dei Giardini, 7 
20121 Milan 
Italy

--- Page 210 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 209 - 
IT-New 
 
 
 
AUDITORS 
To Pirelli and Pirelli Tyre 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. 
Piazza Tre Torri, 2 
20145 Milan 
Italy 
ARRANGERS 
BNP Paribas 
10 Harewood Avenue 
London NW1 6AA 
United Kingdom 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
DEALERS 
ABCI Capital Limited 
11/F, Agricultural Bank of China Tower 
50 Connaught Road Central 
Hong Kong 
 
Banca Akros S.p.A. – Gruppo Banco BPM  
Viale Eginardo, 29 
20149 Milan 
Italy 
BNP Paribas 
10 Harewood Avenue 
London NW1 6AA 
United Kingdom  
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France  
 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 D02RF29 
Ireland  
 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France  
 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
 
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China 
(Europe) S.A. 
32, Boulevard Royal, L-2449 
Luxembourg  
 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni, 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
Mediobanca Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan (MI) 
Italy

--- Page 211 ---
10097013732-v53 
- 210 - 
IT-New 
 
 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands  
 
NATIXIS 
30 avenue Pierre Mendès-France 
75013 Paris 
France  
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich  
Germany 
LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg