--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
2 June 2022 
POP MORTGAGE BANK PLC 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Finland) 
EUR 1,000,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of Covered Bonds 
Under this 1,000,000,000 euros programme for the issuance of covered bonds (the “Programme”), POP Mortgage Bank Plc 
(hereinafter “POP Mortgage Bank” or the “Issuer”) may from time to time issue covered bonds (the “Covered Bonds”) denominated 
mainly in euro. The Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks and Covered Bonds (Laki kiinnitysluottopankeista ja katetuista 
joukkolainoista, 151/2022) applies to the Covered Bonds save for certain exceptions set out in the general terms and conditions of the 
Covered Bonds (the “General Terms and Conditions”). The Covered Bonds are issued as serial bonds (in Finnish: sarjalaina) (each 
a “Series”) and the Covered Bonds will be subject to a minimum maturity of one year and a minimum denomination of EUR 100,000 
per Covered Bond. The Programme provides that Covered Bonds may be listed on the Helsinki Stock Exchange maintained by Nasdaq 
Helsinki Ltd (the “Helsinki Stock Exchange”). 
This base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) should be read and construed together with any supplement hereto and with any other 
documents incorporated by reference herein, and, in relation to any Series and with the final terms of the relevant tranche of Covered 
Bonds (each a “Tranche”) (“Final Terms”). See “Information Incorporated by Reference”. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant 
new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus, which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of the Covered Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any 
significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Besides filing this Base Prospectus with the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (the “FIN-FSA”), neither the Issuer nor the 
Arranger (as defined below), have taken any action, nor will they take any action, to render the public offer of the Covered Bonds or 
their possession, or the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other documents relating to the Covered Bonds admissible in any 
other jurisdiction than Finland requiring special measures to be taken for the purpose of a public offer. 
The Covered Bonds issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of the Covered Bonds is rated, its rating 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
are expected to be rated by S&P. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Covered Bonds have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), 
or with any securities regulatory authority of any state of the United States. Neither this Base Prospectus nor the Final Terms are to be 
distributed to the United States or in or to any other jurisdiction where it would be unlawful. The Covered Bonds may not be offered, 
sold, pledged or otherwise transferred, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
(as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (the “Regulation S”), except to a person who is not a U.S. Person (as defined in 
Regulation S) in an offshore transaction pursuant to Regulation S. 
Investment in the Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme involves certain risks. Prospective investors should carefully 
acquaint themselves with such risks before making a decision to invest in the Covered Bonds. The principal risk factors that may affect 
the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Covered Bonds are discussed under “Risk Factors” below. 
Arranger 
POP Mortgage Bank Plc

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, the terms “POP Mortgage Bank” and the “Issuer” refer to POP Mortgage Bank Plc and the term “POP Group” or 
“Group” refers to POP Bank Centre coop (“POP Bank Centre”), the member cooperative banks of the POP Bank Centre (the “POP Banks”) 
and organisations under their control. In this Base Prospectus, the term “Arranger” refers to Nordea Bank Abp in its capacity as the arranger 
of the Programme and the term Lead Manager(s) refers to any bank acting as lead manager in a Series. 
The Arranger is acting exclusively for POP Mortgage Bank as an arranger of the Programme and will not be responsible to anyone other than 
POP Mortgage Bank for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients nor giving investment or other advice in relation to the 
Programme or the Covered Bonds. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”), the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979 (as amended), the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 (as 
amended), the Finnish Securities Markets Act (Arvopaperimarkkinalaki 746/2012, as amended) (the “Finnish Securities Markets Act”) and 
the regulations and guidelines of the FIN-FSA and the European Securities and Markets Authority. This Base Prospectus comprises a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. The FIN-FSA, which is the competent authority for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation in Finland, has approved this Base Prospectus on 2 June 2022 (journal number FIVA/2022/73). The FIN-FSA has only 
approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation, but assumes no responsibility for the correctness of the information contained herein. Such approval shall not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or of the qualities of the Covered Bonds issued under this Base Prospectus.  
POP Mortgage Bank does not undertake to supplement this Base Prospectus on a periodic basis (for example, following the announcement of 
each quarterly interim report by POP Mortgage Bank). However, POP Mortgage Bank will supplement this Base Prospectus when required in 
accordance with the mandatory provisions of the Prospectus Regulation. Otherwise, neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale 
nor delivery made hereunder shall create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of POP Mortgage Bank since the date of 
this Base Prospectus or that the information herein is correct as of any time subsequent to the date of this Base Prospectus. The Arranger 
expressly does not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of POP Mortgage Bank during the life of the Programme or to advise 
any investor in the Covered Bonds of any information coming to its attention. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Covered Bonds (a) is intended to 
provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by POP Mortgage Bank, the Arranger or 
the Lead Manager(s) that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme, the Final 
Terms or any Covered Bonds should purchase any Covered Bonds. In making an investment decision, each investor must rely on their 
examination, analysis and enquiry of POP Mortgage Bank and the terms and conditions of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds, including 
the risks and merits involved. Neither POP Mortgage Bank, the Arranger, the Lead Manager(s) nor any of their respective affiliated parties nor 
representatives, is making any representation to any offeree or subscriber of the Covered Bonds regarding the legality of the investment by 
such person. Investors should make their independent assessment of the legal, tax, business, financial and other consequences of an investment 
in the Covered Bonds. Investors should also make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Issuer’s securities. 
Neither the Arranger nor the Lead Manager(s) have independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and neither the Arranger nor the Lead Manager(s) accept any responsibility or liability in 
relation to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided 
by POP Mortgage Bank in connection with the Programme, the Final Terms or the Covered Bonds. Notwithstanding the responsibilities and 
liabilities, if any, which may be imposed on the Arranger or the Lead Manager(s) by Finnish law or under the regulatory regime of any other 
jurisdiction where exclusion of liability under the relevant regulatory regime would be illegal, void or unenforceable, the Arranger or the Lead 
Manager(s) does not accept any responsibility whatsoever for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any statement made or purported to 
be made by it, or on its behalf, regarding POP Mortgage Bank, the Final Terms and the Covered Bonds. The Arranger and the Lead Manager(s) 
accordingly disclaim any and all liability whether arising in tort, contract, or otherwise (save as referred to above) which they might otherwise 
have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
No person is or has been authorised by POP Mortgage Bank to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme, the Final Terms or the Covered 
Bonds and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by POP Mortgage Bank, 
the Arranger or the Lead Manager(s). Nothing contained in this Base Prospectus is, or shall be relied upon, as a promise or representation by 
POP Mortgage Bank, the Arranger or the Lead Manager(s) as to the future. Investors are advised to inform themselves of any stock exchange 
release or press release published by POP Mortgage Bank. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared in English only. In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of 
POP Mortgage Bank and the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds, including the merits and risks involved. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus may in certain jurisdictions be restricted by law, and this Base Prospectus may not be used for the 
purpose of, or in connection with, any offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or 
to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. No actions have been taken to register or qualify the Covered Bonds, 
or otherwise to permit a public offering of the Covered Bonds, in any jurisdiction outside of Finland. POP Mortgage Bank, the Arranger and 
the Lead Manager(s) expects persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes to inform themselves of and observe all such 
restrictions. Neither POP Mortgage Bank, the Arranger nor the Lead Manager(s) accepts any legal responsibility for any violation by any 
person, whether or not a prospective purchaser of the Covered Bonds is aware of such restrictions. In particular, this Base Prospectus may not 
be sent to any person in the United States, Australia, Canada, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore, South Africa or any other jurisdiction in which it 
would not be permissible to deliver the Covered Bonds and the Covered Bonds may not be offered, sold, resold, transferred or delivered, 
directly or indirectly, in or into any of these countries. The Covered Bonds are governed by Finnish law and any disputes arising in relation to 
the Covered Bonds shall be settled exclusively by Finnish courts in accordance with Finnish law.

--- Page 3 ---
1 
 
CONTENTS 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ................................................................................................................... ii 
CONTENTS .................................................................................................................................................. 1 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................................................................ 2 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................... 7 
GENERAL INFORMATION...................................................................................................................... 25 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................ 27 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ......................................................................................................................... 42 
USE OF PROCEEDS .................................................................................................................................. 49 
FINNISH COVERED BOND ACT ............................................................................................................ 50 
FINNISH ACT ON MORTGAGE CREDIT BANK ACTIVITY .............................................................. 57 
THE AMALGAMATION ACT .................................................................................................................. 62 
REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT ............................................................................................................ 65 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER ASSET POOL ........................................................................... 68 
DERIVATIVE TRANSACTIONS RELATED TO THE COVERED BONDS ......................................... 69 
OTHER INFORMATION TO SUBSCRIBERS ......................................................................................... 70 
COVERED BONDS THAT ARE INITIALLY ISSUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE MCBA ......... 74 
TAXATION IN FINLAND ......................................................................................................................... 75 
DESCRIPTION OF POP MORTGAGE BANK ......................................................................................... 77 
INFORMATION ON POP GROUP AND THE AMALGAMATION ....................................................... 82 
AVAILABLE DOCUMENTS .................................................................................................................... 92 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................... 93 
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS.......................................................................................................... 94

--- Page 4 ---
2 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder 
of this Base Prospectus and in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds and the 
applicable Final Terms.  
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
This general description of the Programme must be read together with the other information included in this Base 
Prospectus.  
Issuer:  
POP Mortgage Bank Plc 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may 
affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its respective 
obligations under the Covered Bonds are discussed under 
“Risk Factors”. 
Arranger of the Programme: 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Lead Manager(s) of a Series and possible other subscription 
places: 
Defined in Final Terms of a Series. 
Issuer Agent and Paying Agent: 
Defined in Final Terms of Series. 
Maximum amount of the Programme: 
1,000,000,000 euros. 
Distribution: 
Covered Bonds may be distributed outside the United States 
to, or for the account or benefit of, persons other than U.S. 
Persons (as such terms are defined in Regulation S under 
the Securities Act 1933, as amended) by way of private 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
Final Terms: 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will be issued 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated Final 
Terms. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche will be the General Terms and 
Conditions combined with the relevant Final Terms. 
Form of the Covered bonds: 
Book-entry securities of Euroclear Finland’s Infinity book-
entry security system. 
Currencies: 
Euro or such other currency or currencies as may be 
separately resolved by the Issuer upon each issuance of the 
Covered Bonds under the Programme.  
Nominal value: 
The denomination of each book-entry unit is at least EUR 
100,000. Subject thereto, the Covered Bonds will be issued 
in such denominations as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Priority of the Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be governed in accordance with the 
MCBA (as defined later under section “Risk Factors – Risks 
factors associated with legal and regulatory environment – 
If the Issuer does not receive the required license to issue 
covered notes under the Covered Bond Act, it could have a

--- Page 5 ---
3 
significant adverse effect on the Group’s ability to obtain 
financing”) and will therefore benefit from the Cover Asset 
Pool. The Covered Bonds rank pari passu among 
themselves and with all other obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of mortgage-backed notes covered in accordance 
with the MCBA (including pursuant to sections 25 and 26 
of the MCBA) as well as all Derivative Transactions and 
Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans entered into the Register. In 
calculating the total value of the Cover Asset Pool, the 
following limitations apply: 
1) at most 70 per cent of the underlying value of the 
shares or the real estate securing each Housing 
Loan; and 
2) the book value of the Substitute Collateral.  
In respect of the priority of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds, under Section 25 of the MCBA, the priority is 
limited among other things to 70 per cent in respect of 
Housing Loans of the current value, as at the date of the 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, of the properties or 
the shares in the property owning companies which stand as 
collateral for such Housing Loans. To the extent that claims 
of the Noteholders in relation to the Covered Bonds are not 
fully met out of the assets of the Issuer that are covered in 
accordance with the MCBA, the residual claims of the 
holders of Covered Bonds will rank pari passu with the 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer.  
See also “Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity”. 
The Covered Bonds issued prior to 8 July 2022 will be 
governed in accordance with the Covered Bond Act (as 
defined later under section “Risk Factors – Risks associated 
with the Group’s operations – The Amalgamation may be 
unable to maintain its desired capital adequacy position”) 
after the Issuer has given at least one month prior notice to 
the FIN-FSA and made an announcement thereto including 
the date on which the Issuer commences application of the 
Covered Bond Act and any Covered Bonds issued as of 8 
July 2022 will be governed in accordance with the Covered 
Bond Act. Upon the application of the Covered Bond Act, 
the Issuer will benefit from the Cover Asset Pool. 
The Covered Bonds rank pari passu among themselves and 
with all other obligations of the Issuer in respect of 
mortgage-backed notes covered in accordance with the 
Covered Bond Act (including pursuant to chapters 4 and 9 
of the Covered Bond Act) as well as all Derivative 
Transactions entered into the Register. In calculating the

--- Page 6 ---
4 
total value of the Cover Asset Pool, the following 
limitations apply: 
1) 
at most 80 per cent of the underlying value 
of the shares or the real estate securing each 
Housing Loan; and 
2) 
the principal of the Substitute Collateral. 
 
In respect of the priority of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds, as at the date of the liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer, of the properties or the shares in the property owning 
companies which stand as collateral for such Housing 
Loans, these types of assets have a full collateral value 
despite their calculated collateral value being at 80 per cent. 
To the extent that claims of the Noteholders in relation to 
the Covered Bonds are not fully met out of the assets of the 
Issuer that are covered in accordance with the Covered 
Bond Act, the residual claims of the holders of Covered 
Bonds will rank pari passu with the unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer.  
See also “Finnish Covered Bond Act”. 
Soft bullet: 
Pursuant to Section 32 of the Covered Bond Act, the terms 
and conditions of a covered note may include a provision 
that enables the issuer to extend the maturity of a covered 
note subject to certain conditions, including the approval of 
the FIN-FSA. In addition, the conditions for extension of 
maturity include, among others, that the issuer is unable to 
obtain long-term financing from ordinary sources, the issuer 
is unable to meet the liquidity requirement set out in the 
Covered Bond Act if it makes payments towards the 
principal and interest of the maturing covered note and that 
the extension of maturity does not affect the sequence in 
which the issuer’s covered notes from the same Cover Asset 
Pool are maturing. If the FIN-FSA’s determines that the 
conditions for extension have been fulfilled and it gives its 
approval to the extension, its resolution shall indicate the 
applied extended maturity date of such covered notes which 
shall be a date on or before the final extended maturity date 
specified in the General Terms and Conditions. 
Listing: 
The Covered Bonds may be applied for listing on the 
Helsinki Stock Exchange. Also unlisted Covered Bonds 
may be issued. 
Term of the Covered Bonds: 
 
A minimum of one (1) year.  
Interest:  
 
Either a fixed rate or floating rate interest based on a 
reference rate is paid from time to time on the unamortized

--- Page 7 ---
5 
principal of the Covered Bonds. Interest is paid on due dates 
of payment of interest defined in the Final Terms. 
Covered Bonds may also be issued as zero coupon notes 
which will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest.  
Use of Benchmark: 
 
Amounts payable under the Notes are calculated by 
reference to EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR or CIBOR to the 
extent floating rate interest is applicable according to the 
Final Terms.  
 
EURIBOR is provided by the European Money Markets 
Institute (the “EMMI”). As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the EMMI has been authorised as a regulated 
benchmark administrator pursuant to Article 34 of 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011 
(the 
“Benchmarks 
Regulation”, the “BMR”) and appears on the public 
register of administrators established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (the “ESMA”) 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
 
CIBOR is provided by Danish Financial Benchmark 
Facility (“DFB”). At the date of this Base Prospectus, DFB 
appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 of the BMR. 
 
NIBOR is provided by Norske Finansielle Referanser AS 
(“NFR”). At the date of this Base Prospectus, NFR appears 
on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 of BMR. 
 
STIBOR is provided by Swedish Financial Benchmark 
Facility (“SFB”). At the date of this Base Prospectus, SFB 
does not appear on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 of the BMR. As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the BMR 
apply, such that SFB is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration. 
 
Redemption: 
The nominal amount of principal of the Covered Bond. 
Applicable law: 
 
 
Finnish law. 
Authorisation: 
 
The establishment of the Programme was duly authorised 
by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 
12 April 2022. 
Credit rating: 
 
A Series may be rated or unrated. If a Series to be issued 
under the Programme is to be rated, the rating will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not each 
credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant Series will 
be issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation

--- Page 8 ---
6 
(EU) (1060/2009, as amended) (“CRA Regulation”) will 
be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme are expected to be rated by 
S&P.  
There is no guarantee that the rating of the Covered Bonds 
assigned by S&P Global Ratings Services (“S&P”) will be 
maintained following the date of this Base Prospectus or 
that any other rating of any Series will be obtained or 
maintained. The Issuer may seek to obtain ratings from 
other credit rating agencies. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning credit rating 
agency.

--- Page 9 ---
7 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Covered Bonds is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Covered Bonds, prospective 
investors should carefully consider the risk factors associated with any investment in the Covered Bonds, the business of 
the Group, and the industry(ies) in which it operates together with all other information contained in this Base Prospectus, 
including, in particular the risk factors described below. Words and expressions defined in the “General Terms and 
Conditions of the Programme” below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
Set forth below are risk factors that the Issuer believes are the principal risks involved in an investment in the Covered 
Bonds. However, additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer, or 
that it currently deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively have a material adverse effect on the business, 
prospects, results of operations and/or financial position of the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the 
Covered Bonds may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider carefully 
whether an investment in the Covered Bonds is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and 
their personal circumstances. 
The risk factors presented herein have been divided into six (6) categories based on their nature. Within each category, 
the risk factor estimated to be the most material on the basis of an overall evaluation of the criteria set out in the 
Prospectus Regulation is presented first. However, the order in which the risk factors are presented after the first risk 
factor in each category is not intended to reflect either the relative probability or the potential impact of their 
materialisation. The order of the risk categories does not represent any evaluation of the materiality of the risk factors 
within that category, when compared to the risk factors in another category. 
Risk factors associated with the Group’s operations 
The Covered Bonds are liabilities of the Issuer and the Issuer is obliged to comply with the General Terms and Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds. The Issuer serves as the mortgage credit bank of the Group and it does not have independent 
business operations of its own which would pose material business risks. Therefore, the business, financial position and 
prospects of the Group affect the Issuer’s abilities to comply with the General Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds. Accordingly, where certain factors are described below with references to the Group such factors are also relevant 
to the Issuer as part of the Group. In case the Issuer is not able to comply with the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds due to any reason, such as worsened financial position of itself and/or the Group, the holders of the 
Covered Bonds may receive payments from the Cover Asset Pool in accordance with the relevant Covered Bonds 
Legislation. Please see section “Risks relating to the Covered Bonds” in relation to, among other things, risk factors which 
may compromise payments from the Cover Asset Pool to the holders of the Covered Bonds in case the Issuer is not able 
to comply with the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
The Group is exposed to credit risk 
Credit risk is the key risk among the business risks of the Issuer and the Group. Credit risk refers to losses of the Issuer 
when the Issuer’s counterparty, usually the debtor, is not able to fulfil its payment obligations and the value of collateral 
for the credit is not sufficient to cover the creditor’s receivables. The Issuer’s most significant source of credit risk are 
granted loans, but credit risk may also arise from other kinds of receivables, such as bonds, short-term debt securities and 
off-balance sheet commitments, such as unused credit facilities and overdraft limits and guarantees. In addition, the 
investment activities, such as bonds, short-term debt securities of the liquidity reserves generate a credit risk. 
The POP Banks’ combined loan portfolio increased by 9.7 per cent in 2021 compared to 2020 and amounted to EUR 
4,244 million. In the current market environment, rising inflation, cost pressure, disruption of subcontracting chains, 
decrease in demand as well as slow increase in production prices, for example, could result in losses, if the POP Banks’ 
customers are unable to meet their obligations. Unemployment and interest rate level are the most significant general 
economic factors, which could adversely affect retail customers’ ability to repay their loans. Furthermore, fluctuations in 
housing prices and general activity in the housing market could adversely affect both customers’ debt servicing ability as 
well as the realisation value of collateral. 
Any decrease of Finland’s gross domestic product and employment rate as well as the uncertainty relating to the exports 
and capital spending could increase defaults in all customer groups and therefore have a negative impact on the Group’s 
result. The POP Banks’ key customer groups are Finnish private individuals, small companies and agricultural 
entrepreneurs. As all of the key customer groups consist of Finnish customers, the POP Banks’ business, results of 
operations and financial condition could be adversely affected by this geographical risk concentration in Finland. The

--- Page 10 ---
8 
majority of the funds raised by the POP Banks have been granted as housing loans to their customers. The majority of the 
Group’s loans, i.e. 64.2 per cent, have been granted against residential housing serving as collateral for the underlying 
loan. Therefore, although corporate loans and agriculture customers provide diversification against the credit risk arising 
from housing loans, the Group’s credit risk is mainly dependent on the POP Banks’ housing loan portfolio. 
If the Group fails to manage its credit risks, it may not be able to generate sufficient interest income to offset any increased 
credit losses. Estimating potential write-downs of the loan portfolio is a complicated process in which the final outcome 
depends on several factors, including the overall economic conditions, credit rating migration of customers and 
counterparties, changes in customers’ ability to repay loans, the realisation value of collateral positions, regulatory 
requirements and other external factors. When realised, the credit risk is ultimately seen as impairment losses, which may 
have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial condition, results of operations and ability to make payments under the 
Covered Bonds. Any failure in the Group’s credit risk management could result in substantial losses and could adversely 
affect the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition and thereby the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations, such as the payment of principal, interest and interest on arrears, under the Covered Bonds. 
The Group risk management may not be adequate 
Core values, strategic goals and financial targets form the basis for risk and capital adequacy management in the Group. 
The purpose of the Group’s risk management is to identify and mitigate risk, for example, with instructions, education, 
relevant limits and monitoring, which could negatively affect the Group’s risk position and thus opportunities affecting 
for strategy implementation. The objective is to help achieve the targets set in the strategy by ensuring that risks are 
proportional to the Group’s risk-bearing capacity. There can be no certainty that the Group’s measures would be fully 
adequate to manage and control risks. 
Some of the qualitative tools and metrics used by the Group for risk management purposes are based upon the use of 
observed historical market behaviour as well as future predictions. These tools and metrics may fail to predict or predict 
incorrectly future risk exposures which could lead to losses for the Group.  
Factors described above or any other failure in risk management could cause substantial losses and adversely affect the 
Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition and thereby the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations, 
such as the payment of principal, interest and interest on arrears, under the Covered Bonds. 
The amalgamation’s strategy or its execution may fail 
Strategic risks refer to losses that may arise from the choice of an incorrect business strategy or business model in view 
of the developments in the amalgamation’s (the “Amalgamation”) operating environments. Strategy implementation 
may also be insufficient and strategic targets are not achieved, the Amalgamation or individual POP Banks may also be 
unable to successfully execute the Amalgamation’s strategy, and the Amalgamation’s strategy may not be competitive or 
may be insufficient to meet unexpected changes in the competitive environment or customer requirements in the future 
as competition increases and customer offerings develop in the markets internationally. Any failure in the execution of 
the Amalgamation’s strategy may have a negative impact on its overall financial performance and thereby the Issuer’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations, such as the payment of principal, interest and interest on arrears, under the Covered Bonds. 
The Amalgamation may be unable to maintain its desired capital adequacy position 
The Issuer’s mortgage banking license is dependent upon, among other things, the fulfilment of capital adequacy 
requirements in accordance with the applicable regulations (see “The Amalgamation Act”, “Regulatory Environment”, 
“Finnish Covered Bond Act” and “Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity”). The Amalgamation’s capital structure 
and capital adequacy ratio may have an effect on the availability and costs of funding operations. Moreover, the absence 
of a sufficiently strong capital base may constrain the Amalgamation’s growth and strategic options. Significant 
unforeseen losses may create a situation under which the Amalgamation is unable to maintain its desired capital structure. 
The Amalgamation’s capital adequacy is related to the availability of additional capital in the future. The capital position 
is affected by, for example, profit after tax, the distribution of dividends, immaterial rights, changes in fair value reserve 
as well as the difference between impairments and expected loan losses. Risk-weighted assets are affected by, for 
example, the amount of lending and risk ratings of the loans and other receivables and assets as well market and 
operational risks. Negative changes in the capital adequacy position, such as a decrease in equity or an increase in risk-
weighted exposures could have an adverse effect on the availability and cost of the Amalgamation’s funding and,

--- Page 11 ---
9 
consequently, have an adverse effect on the Amalgamation’s business, results of operations and financial condition and 
thereby the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations, such as the payment of principal, interest and interest on arrears, under 
the Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer’s joint liability within the Amalgamation involves risks 
The central institution (i.e. the POP Bank Centre) is liable for the debts of its member credit institutions, including each 
of the POP Banks, Bonum Bank Plc (“Bonum Bank”) and the Issuer (together, “Member Credit Institutions”). 
Furthermore, the Member Credit Institutions are jointly liable for each other’s debts (see “The Amalgamation Act”).  
In turn, a Member Credit Institution is liable to pay to the POP Bank Centre its own share of the amount which the POP 
Bank Centre has paid to another Member Credit Institution either as support, as described above, or as payment to a 
creditor of another Member Credit Institution for an unpaid due debt. The total amount of liability of each Member Credit 
Institution is unlimited in case of the POP Bank Centre’s liquidation or bankruptcy (as set out in Chapter 14, section 11 
of the Act on Cooperatives (Osuuskuntalaki, 421/2013, as amended) (the “Cooperatives Act”). Otherwise, the liability 
to pay of each Member Credit Institution: (a) is limited to a proportional share of the total liability (each Member Credit 
Institution’s liability for the amount which the POP Bank Centre has paid on behalf of one Member Credit Institution to 
its creditors is divided between the Member Credit Institutions in proportion to their last confirmed balance sheet totals); 
and (b) is only applicable if such Member Credit Institution has at least a minimum capital adequacy (in each case as set 
out, determined and subject to limitations in accordance with Chapter 5 of the Amalgamation Act). Accordingly, the 
ability of any holder of Covered Bonds to take action against an individual Member Credit Institution will be limited, and 
enforcement in respect of an individual claim may require enforcement actions to be brought against several different 
entities. This will represent an additional administrative burden and expense, and there can be no assurance that all or any 
of such enforcement actions will be successful. 
While the holders of the Covered Bonds have a priority to the cover pool, as a Member Credit Institution of the 
Amalgamation, the realisation of this risk factor could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition and thereby its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Covered Bonds. For more 
information on the Amalgamation and the joint liability, see “The Amalgamation Act―Joint liability of the 
Amalgamation”. 
Changes in the composition of the Amalgamation may involve risks 
The current composition of the Amalgamation may change, subject to certain restrictions. In accordance with Act on the 
Amalgamation of Deposit Banks (Laki talletuspankkien yhteenliittymästä, 599/2010, as amended) (the “Amalgamation 
Act”), a Member Credit Institution, such as the Issuer or one of the POP Banks, has the right to withdraw from its central 
institution membership. A Member Credit Institution may be expelled from the POP Bank Centre as specified in Chapter 
3, section 3 of the Cooperatives Act or in case a Member Credit Institution has failed to comply with the instructions, 
issued by the POP Bank Centre, in a manner that significantly endangers the management of liquidity or capital adequacy 
or the application of the standardised accounting policies or supervision of compliance with said policies, or in case a 
Member Credit Institution otherwise acts in material breach of the Amalgamation’s general operating principles adopted 
by the POP Bank Centre (see “The Amalgamation Act – Withdrawal and/or expulsion of POP Banks”). 
Among other things, the Amalgamation Act provides preconditions for the merger of a Member Credit Institution into a 
credit institution other than another Member Credit Institution, such as written notification to the central institution’s 
board of directors and a remaining capital level. In accordance with the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act, a 
merger must be supported by at least two thirds of the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting of the 
merging credit institution. Thus, this limits the Issuer’s ability to merge with a credit institution other than a Member 
Credit Institution.  
The provisions of the Amalgamation Act governing payment liability of a Member Credit Institution shall also apply to 
a former Member Credit Institution which has withdrawn from the POP Bank Centre, when a demand regarding payment 
liability is made on the credit institution, provided that less than five years have passed from the end of the calendar year 
of the Member Credit Institution’s withdrawal from the POP Bank Centre. Prospective holders of Covered Bonds should 
therefore note that, with respect to Covered Bonds which have a maturity of greater than five years, the Issuer's ability to 
service such obligations will be at risk from the economic impact of a POP Bank (particularly if such POP Bank is 
disproportionally larger in comparison to the remaining POP Banks) leaving or being expelled from the Amalgamation 
or no longer being a Member Credit Institution if such exit by such entity occurs greater than five years before the Maturity

--- Page 12 ---
10 
Date of such Covered Bonds. Furthermore, as a result, the ratings assigned to any such Covered Bond may be adversely 
affected as of the date that any such POP Bank withdraws or is expelled from the POP Bank Centre Coop and the 
Amalgamation. 
Irrespective of the payment liability described above, it cannot be excluded that possible withdrawals or expulsions from 
the POP Bank Centre’s membership could adversely affect the Group’s reputation and brand and, in turn, its business, 
results of operations and financial condition and thereby the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations, such as the payment 
of principal, interest and interest on arrears, under the Covered Bonds. 
Holders of the Covered Bonds are exposed to credit risk relating to the Amalgamation and the Issuer as a part of it 
Holders of the Covered Bonds take a credit risk on the performance of the Issuer, the Group and the Amalgamation to the 
extent that claims of the holders of Covered Bonds in respect of the Covered Bonds are not met out of the Cover Asset 
Pool. Receipt of payments under the Covered Bonds by a holder of Covered Bonds is dependent on the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its payment obligations, which is in turn dependent upon the development of the Group’s and Amalgamation’s 
business. Notwithstanding the joint liability under the Amalgamation Act between the Issuer and the POP Banks, there is 
no guarantee in place which directly ensures the repayment of Covered Bonds issued under this Programme. The payment 
obligations under the Covered Bonds are covered obligations of the Issuer and are not obligations of, and are not 
guaranteed by, the POP Bank Centre nor any POP Bank. For more information on the Amalgamation and the joint liability, 
see “The Amalgamation Act―Joint liability of the Amalgamation”. 
Risks associated with the Group’s operating environment 
Uncertain global geopolitical situation as well as economic and financial market conditions could adversely affect the 
Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and capital resources 
The global economic and financial market conditions have repeatedly undergone significant turmoil due to, among other 
factors, the ongoing sovereign debt issues in certain European countries, particularly certain eurozone Member States, the 
decision of the United Kingdom to withdraw from the European Union (commonly referred to as Brexit) and the 
continuous tensions between the United States and China regarding, for example, geopolitics and trade. In addition, the 
outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic (“Coronavirus”) caused, and continues to cause at some degree, substantial 
uncertainty in the financial markets. The continuing spread of the Coronavirus, potential emergence of new variants, and 
any potential restrictive measures undertaken by governments are likely to have a material adverse effect on global 
economic and financial market conditions. Furthermore, the ongoing military action in Ukraine and the increasing 
tensions between Russia, the members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) and the western countries may 
cause disruptions to the global economy, financial markets, and the Group’s business environment, particularly, if even 
stricter sanctions and/or trade restrictions are imposed by the western countries and/or Russia, or, if the conflict escalates 
or expands to other countries or regions. The uncertainty relating to the financial markets may create economic and 
financial disruptions and even a financial crisis. As the state debt levels remain high and continue to increase in some 
countries, including Finland, it is possible that the global economy will fall back into a recession, which could be deeper 
and last longer than the one experienced in 2008 and 2009. Uncertainty in the operational environment of the Issuer has 
increased, especially with regards to the predictability of funding available in the capital markets and the future 
development of impairment of unsecured consumer loans. However, it is still too early to reliably estimate the overall 
effects of the Coronavirus on the Issuer. Uncertainty has also increased concerning the financial results of the Group. 
Market volatility is high and estimated to lower the Group’s net investment income. The Group’s investment income may 
also be materially adversely affected by the direct or indirect consequences of the ongoing military action in Ukraine and 
the increasing tensions between Russia, the members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation and the western countries. 
Effects of the Coronavirus may also decrease the Group’s interest and commission income and increase the impairment 
of loans. As there is still uncertainty, for example, in relation to the effect of different vaccines against the currently 
spreading mutations of the Coronavirus, it is difficult to reliably estimate the overall effects of the Coronavirus on the 
economy and also to the financial results of the Group. 
The financial results of the Group are affected by many factors, the most important of which are the general economic 
conditions in Finland and globally, volatility of interest rates and equity prices, competition as well as the impact of these 
factors on the demand for banking services, such as housing loans. The development of public finances and inflation, 
income and employment levels as well as investment activities of SME companies and the savings of households may 
also have an impact on the Group’s business operations and financial condition. These factors may be adversely affected 
by the direct or indirect consequences of the ongoing military action in Ukraine and the increasing tensions between

--- Page 13 ---
11 
Russia, the members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation and the western countries and result in increased credit 
risk for the Group and decreased liquidity of the Group’s customers. In the beginning of 2022, inflation in the euro area 
was faster than ever before and also in Finland, the price increases accelerated. Inflation was fuelled by the rapid recovery 
of the economy and the release of pent-up consumption, combined with the shortage of components. 
Deterioration in market conditions could result in difficulties for the Group’s customers in meeting their payment 
obligations, which could lead to increased disruptions in repayments of loans, as well as write-downs and loan losses. 
Deterioration in the general economic situation could also reduce demand for loans, such as housing loans and other 
products, leading to reduced net interest income from the banking business. Furthermore, the development of housing 
markets and general economic conditions may vary significantly between different regions in Finland, as the impact of 
certain structural changes may differ in individual economic regions. The Group’s loan portfolio is concentrated in 
Ostrobothnia, Central Finland and Southwest Finland, and thereby the unfavourable development of housing markets and 
general economic conditions in such regions could have an adverse impact on the Group’s risk position. 
Moreover, income generation in the Group’s retail banking is significantly affected by changes in the interest rate level. 
Interest rate risk arises when interest rate fixing periods or interest rate bases for assets and those for liabilities are 
mismatched. Net interest income comprises a substantial part of the Group’s total income. Furthermore, the recent 
negative interest rate levels have not been beneficial to the Group, since negative interest levels have a negative impact 
on the Group’s net interest income. 
The market value of financial assets held by the members of the Group may also be affected. Furthermore, deterioration 
in the general economic situation could increase the Group’s refinancing costs and hamper the Group’s refinancing 
options. 
There can be no assurance that the Issuer’s liquidity and access to financing will not be affected by changes in the financial 
markets or that its capital resources will, at all times, be sufficient to satisfy the Group’s liquidity needs. 
The market for the POP Banks’ core business areas has a high level of competition 
The financial services market remains highly competitive in the local and regional markets where the POP Banks operate. 
For example, the margins of housing loans are decreasing due to competition. In addition, the operating environment of 
the financial services market faces significant changes. Competition comes mostly from established players and may take 
the form of new products or operating models such as digitalisation. The market is expected to remain highly competitive 
in the POP Banks’ core business areas, which could adversely affect the POP Banks’ business, results of operations and 
financial conditions. 
Systemic risks may have negative impacts on markets in which the Group operates 
Payment defaults, bank runs and other types of financial distress or difficulties in a foreign or domestic bank or other 
financial institution may lead to a series of liquidity problems and losses as well as payment and other difficulties in other 
companies operating in the financial sector, due to the interconnectedness of the domestic and global financial systems 
and capital markets. If one financial institution experiences difficulties it could have spill-over effects on other institutions 
through, for example, lending, trading, clearing and other linkages between financial institutions. These types of risks are 
called ‘systemic risks’ and they can have a significant negative impact on markets in which the Group operates on a daily 
basis which can, in turn, adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Risk factors associated with the Amalgamation’s operations 
The Group is exposed to system and information security risks and the risk of failures and/or delays in the renewal of 
its core banking system 
The Group’s daily operations involve a large number of transactions, which rely on the secure processing, storage and 
transfer of confidential and other information in the Group’s IT systems and information networks. Even though the 
Group utilises protective systems, the Group’s IT system, equipment and network may be susceptible to unauthorised 
use, computer viruses and other harmful factors. The Group has outsourced its bank system and accounting handling to 
external parties. In addition, the Group uses a platform service provided by a third party and some of the Group’s card 
and business services have been outsourced to third parties. Consequently, the Group relies to a considerable extent on 
its outsourcing parties with regards to maintaining IT systems and providing IT services and other agreed services. Any

--- Page 14 ---
12 
failure by the outsourcing parties to maintain and develop IT systems or deliver agreed services as the Group requires 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business. 
POP Bank Centre’s agreement on the renewal of the Group’s core banking system may require significant input from the 
employees of the Group and have an adverse effect on the Group’s profits. In addition, there can be no assurance that the 
contemplated renewal project will be completed within the expected timeline or budget and that the anticipated benefits 
of the updated system will be realised. Any failure or delay in the contemplated renewal project could have a material 
adverse impact on the Group’s business or results of operations. For more information on the renewal project see 
“Information on POP Group and the Amalgamation – The POP Bank Centre”. 
Furthermore, the Group’s operations depend on confidential and secure data processing. As part of its business operations, 
the Group stores personal and banking specific information provided by its customers which in Finland are subject to 
certain regulations concerning privacy protection and banking secrecy. The Group may incur substantial costs if 
information security risks materialise. Resolving system and information security problems may cause interruptions or 
delays in the Group’s customer service, which could have an adverse effect on the Group’s reputation and persuade 
customers to abandon the Group’s services or to present the Group with claims for compensation. Furthermore, if the 
Group fails to effectively implement new IT systems or to adapt to new technological developments, it may incur 
substantial additional expenses or be unable to compete successfully in the market. Any one of the aforementioned factors 
could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations or financial condition. 
Operational disturbances and events may affect the Amalgamation's business operations 
Operational risks refer to financial losses or other harmful consequences to business that may arise from internal 
inadequacies or errors in systems, processes, procedures and the actions of personnel, or by external factors affecting the 
business. All of the Amalgamation’s business processes, including credit and investment processes, involve operational 
risks. The operational risk of the Amalgamation also arises from outsourced operations and major business projects. 
Operational risk may also materialise in terms of loss or deterioration of reputation or trust.  
The Issuer is exposed to operational risks through its business operations and through setting up of the central credit 
institution services. Operational risk is inherent in the Issuer’s and the Group’s processes, systems, outsourcing, services 
and products. Operational risk losses and “near miss” -events are reported to the Issuer’s Board of Directors and to the 
POP Bank Centre’s independent compliance unit on a regular basis. Operational risk is one of the key risk categories in 
ICAAP and risk-based capital allocation. Operational risk losses are also reported to the FIN-FSA according to EU 
regulations. 
Strategic and operational risks, if realised, such as the omissions detected by the FIN-FSA and referred to above, could 
have a material adverse effect on the capital adequacy, business operations, financial standing, business results, reputation, 
prospects and solvency of the Group as well as on the value of the Covered Bonds. 
The Group is exposed to risks relating to brand, reputation and market rumours 
Among other factors, the Group relies on its well-known and respected brand and good reputation in Finland when 
competing for customers.1 During the current turbulent market environment, having a good reputation is of particular 
importance as financial institutions are particularly susceptible to the negative impacts of rumours and speculation 
regarding their solvency and their ability to access liquidity. The brand and reputation of the Group can be affected by 
other factors outside the control of the Group. There can be no certainty that rumours or speculation would not arise and 
that such rumours or speculation, whether founded or not, would not have such an impact in the future. Negative rumours 
or speculation relating to the Group could have a negative impact on the Group’s ability to acquire funding, as major part 
of the Group’s funding comes from retail deposits. 
Possible future decisions by the Group concerning its operations and the selection of services and products offered may 
have a negative effect on the Group brand. Furthermore, if global economic conditions continue to be uncertain and 
unstable and continue to particularly impact the financial services sector, the Group may suffer from rumours and 
speculation regarding, among other things, its solvency and liquidity situation. Negative developments in the Group’s 
 
1 Source: Banking and finance 2021, EPSI Rating Group

--- Page 15 ---
13 
reputation and brand as well as negative views of consumers concerning the Group's products and services or rumours 
concerning the Group may have an adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Customers and counterparties may file damages claims against the Member Credit Institutions or the Group 
The customers or counterparties, of the companies belonging to the Group, may make claims against the Member Credit 
Institutions or the Group that may result in legal proceedings. These risks include, among others, potential liability for 
the sale of unsuitable products to the Member Credit Institutions’ customers (misselling) or managing customer portfolios 
against customer instructions due to, for example, human error or negligence, as well as potential liability for the advice 
that the Member Credit Institutions provide to participants in securities transactions, or liability under securities or other 
laws in connection with securities offerings. 
Should the Member Credit Institutions or the Group be found to have breached their obligations, they may be obligated 
to pay damages. Such potential litigation could also have a negative impact on the Group’s reputation among its 
counterparties. Furthermore, the Group may face material adverse consequences if contractual obligations should prove 
to be unenforceable or be enforced in a manner adverse to the Group or should it become apparent that the Group’s 
intellectual property rights or systems were not adequately protected or in operable condition. 
The materialisation of any legal risks such as described above or any potential damages to be paid by the Group or the 
loss of its reputation may be substantial and could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations 
and financial condition. 
There may be interruptions in the Group’s business operations 
The Group’s business may be in danger of being interrupted due to sudden and unforeseeable events, such as disruptions 
to the distribution of power and data communications or water and fire damage. The Group may not be able to control 
such events within the scope of its present business continuity plans which may cause interruptions to business operations. 
Unforeseen events can also lead to additional operating costs, such as renovation and repairing costs, damages claims 
from customers affected by these events, higher insurance premiums and the need for redundant back-up systems. 
Additionally, insurance coverage for certain unforeseen risks may be unavailable, resulting in an increased risk for the 
Group. The Group’s inability to effectively manage these risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, results of operations or financial condition. 
The Group collects and processes personal data as part of its daily business and the leakage of such data or failure to 
process the data in accordance with applicable regulation could result in fines, loss of reputation and customers 
In the ordinary course of operations, the Group collects, stores and uses data that is protected by data protection laws. The 
protection of customer, employee and company data is critical to the Issuer and it is subject to increasing data security 
requirements. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the “GDPR”) entered into force 25 May 2018. 
The GDPR applies to all processing of personal data, meaning any operation performed upon identifiable information of 
an individual (data subject) within the EU. In addition, the GDPR applies to the offering of goods and services in the EU 
and to the monitoring of data subjects’ behaviour within the EU, regardless of the location of the company. Breaches of 
the GDPR could result in fines of up to 4 per cent of the annual turnover or 20 million euros (whichever is higher). 
It is possible that the personal data systems may be misused or the Group may fail to protect personal data in accordance 
with the privacy requirements provided under applicable laws, and certain customer data may be used inappropriately 
either intentionally or unintentionally, or leaked as a result of human error, technological failure or cyber-attack. 
The GDPR may limit the Group’s possibility to use customer data for example to develop its service offerings or for other 
purposes. Violation of data protection laws by the Group or one of its partners or suppliers, or any leakage of customer 
data may result in fines and reputational harm and could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations.

--- Page 16 ---
14 
Risks related to the Issuer’s and the Group’s financial position and financing 
The Issuer and the Group’s banking segment are exposed to interest rate risk and other market risks 
Interest rate risk is the most significant market risk in the Group’s business operations. Interest rate risk refers to the 
negative effect of changes in interest rates on the market value or net interest income of balance sheet items and off-
balance sheet items. Interest rate risk arises from differences in the interest terms of receivables and liabilities and 
differences in interest reset and maturity dates. Interest rate risk also arises from the investment activity in liquidity reserve 
and the financial account of the banking business. 
The fair value of financial instruments held by the Group in investment activities is sensitive to volatility of and 
correlations between various market variables, including interest rates and credit spreads. Materialised market risks 
relating to investment activities could require the Issuer and the Group to recognise negative fair value changes, write-
downs or realise impairment charges, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
As a result of the monetary policy of ECB, the EURIBOR-rates, which are central reference rates used for mortgages, are 
at historically low levels. If the situation continues, this might have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s and the Group’s 
liquid assets at the ECB or other liquidity reserves held by the Group. Historically, low interest rates and failure to manage 
this risk have also affected banking business sector in which the Group operates, adversely.  
The Amalgamation may be exposed to risk relating to the outflow of deposits and availability of funding, and the 
Amalgamation may not be able to maintain adequate liquidity 
Liquidity risk refers to the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its commitments. Liquidity risk can be divided into short-term liquidity 
risk and long-term structural financing risk. Short-term liquidity risk refers to a situation in which any member of the 
Group is not able to meet their payment obligations at the time they fall due. Structural financing risk, on the other hand, 
refers to a refinancing risk that arises from the difference in the maturities of balance sheet receivables and liabilities. 
Retail deposits comprise a major share of the POP Banks’ funding. Should the current financial situation lead to a 
significant outflow of deposits, the POP Banks’ funding structure would change substantially and the average cost of 
funding would increase. Furthermore, this could jeopardise the POP Banks’ liquidity, and the POP Banks might be unable 
to meet their current and future cash flow and collateral needs, both expected and unexpected, without affecting their 
daily operations or overall financial position. Therefore, this could have a negative impact on the POP Banks’ business, 
results of operations and financial conditions. 
As the Group’s mortgage credit bank, the Issuer is responsible for issuing covered bonds in relation to the Amalgamation 
in wholesale funding in money and capital markets. The Issuer is responsible for providing the Member Credit Institutions 
with liquidity and funding from money and capital markets together with Bonum Bank which has, at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, issued senior notes in such wholesale markets. Should the demand for housing and corporate loans suddenly 
increase, the Amalgamation may find that its deposits together with the senior notes and covered bonds (if any) are no 
longer a sufficient source of funding for the Amalgamation’s financing needs, and the Amalgamation would therefore 
need to seek other forms of funding or issue so-called retained covered bonds towards ECB as back up liquidity facility.  
The Group participates to the ECB’s TLTROs through Bonum Bank (see “Information on POP Group and the 
Amalgamation – Bonum Bank”). The participation to TLTROs may end or become more difficult, which may have an 
adverse impact on the Group’s financial position. In addition, the ECB’s monetary policy may change which may lead 
to, inter alia, a rise in interest rates and other tightening of monetary policy. This may have an adverse effect on the 
Amalgamation’s financial standing and liquidity. Any failure to acquire sufficient funding or an increase in funding costs 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition and thereby 
the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Long-term or structural funding risk on the balance sheet may threaten the continuity of lending as well as the 
financing position of the Group 
The long-term funding risk, also known as structural funding risk, on the balance sheet refers to uncertainty related to the 
financing of long-term lending or other long-term commitments, arising from the funding on market terms. If realised,

--- Page 17 ---
15 
the risk may threaten the continuity of the lending as well as the financing position of the Group and thereby the Issuer’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Materialised short-term liquidity risk would cause the Issuer or any Group member’s inability to meet their payment 
obligations 
Short-term liquidity risk refers to a quantitative and temporary imbalance of the Issuer’s or any Group member’s short-
term cash flow. If realised, the risk means that the Issuer or other member of the Group will not be able to meet its payment 
obligations at the time they are falling due. Liquidity risk, if realised, may jeopardise or prevent continuation of the 
Issuer’s business operations and thereby its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Risks associated with legal and regulatory environment 
Regulation and oversight of the Group’s business operations 
The Group operates within a highly regulated industry and its activities are subject to extensive supervisory and regulatory 
regimes including, in particular, regulation in Finland and in the European Union. The Group must meet the requirements 
set forth in the regulations regarding, inter alia, minimum capital and capital adequacy, reporting with respect to financial 
information and financial condition, marketing and selling practices, advertising, terms of business and permitted 
investments, liabilities, payment of dividends as well as regulations regarding the Amalgamation (for more information 
on the Amalgamation, see “Information on the Group and the Amalgamation”). In addition, certain decisions made by 
the Group may require approval or notification to the relevant authorities in advance. 
The Group faces the risk that regulators may find it has failed to comply with applicable regulations or has not undertaken 
corrective action as required. Regulatory proceedings could result in adverse publicity for, or negative perceptions 
regarding, the Group, as well as diverting management's attention away from the day-to-day management of the business. 
A significant regulatory action brought by any relevant authority, such as the FIN-FSA, against the Group, could have a 
material adverse effect on the business of the Group, its results of operations and/or financial condition. This may affect 
the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Pursuant to the Finnish Credit Institution Act (Laki luottolaitostoiminnasta, 610/2014, as amended) and the Council 
Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013, the Issuer and the Group are currently classified as less significant credit institutions and 
are supervised by the FIN-FSA. However, under the SSM, the ECB can decide to directly supervise any one of the less 
significant credit institutions to ensure that high supervisory standards are applied consistently (see “Regulatory 
Environment – Single Supervisory Mechanism”).  
Other areas where changes could have an impact include, inter alia: (i) changes in the monetary economy, the interest 
rate and the policies of central banks or regulatory authorities; (ii) general changes in government policy or regulatory 
policy which may have a material impact on investor decisions in specific markets in which the Group operates; (iii) 
changes in the maximum loan-to-value ratio for housing loans (loan cap); (iv) changes in the competitive environment 
and pricing; and (v) changes in the financial statements framework. 
Any of the risks detailed above, if realised, could have a material adverse effect on refinancing opportunities, capital 
adequacy, business operations, financial standing, cost structure, business results, prospects and payment capabilities of 
the Issuer as well as on the value of the Covered Bonds. 
Increased capital requirements and standards 
The Group must comply with numerous capital requirements and standards, see “Regulatory environment – Capital 
requirements and standards”. The capital requirements adopted in Finland may change, whether as a result of further 
changes to the requirements agreed by EU legislators, binding regulatory technical standards developed or to be developed 
by the European Banking Authority (the “EBA”) or changes to the way in which the FIN-FSA interprets and applies these 
requirements to Finnish banks. This may result in a need for further management actions to meet the changed 
requirements, such as: increasing capital, reducing leverage and risk weighted assets, modifying legal entity structure 
(including with regard to issuance and deployment of capital and funding for the Member Credit Institutions) and 
changing the Group’s business mix or exiting other business and/or undertaking other actions to strengthen the Group’s 
capital position. The changes brought about by the Directive (EU) 2013/36 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms

--- Page 18 ---
16 
(“CRD IV”) may have an impact on the financial position and profitability of the Issuer or the POP Banks and thereby 
the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Covered Bonds. Furthermore, as a result of the implementation of the 
Directive 2014/59/EU (the directive providing for the establishment of a European-wide framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms) into Finnish legislation, the FIN-FSA became empowered to apply 
various early intervention tools to credit institutions (such as the Issuer and the POP Banks) that fail to comply with the 
capital requirements set out in the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the “CRR”). The FIN-FSA may also cancel the 
Issuer’s or a POP Bank’s license as a credit institution if they fail to comply with the requirements concerning their 
financial positions, calculated according to the regulations for capital adequacy specified in the Credit Institutions Act 
and CRR. In addition, a failing financial institution or an amalgamation could be subject to a number of resolution tools 
that has been granted to the Finnish Financial Stability Authority (“Stability Authority”) (see “Regulatory Environment  
- Resolution Laws”). The FIN-FSA or the Stability Authority, as applicable, may also restrict the Issuer’s or the 
Amalgamation’s ability to make “discretionary payments” if capital requirements and/or the minimum requirement for 
own funds and eligible liabilities (“MREL”) have not been met, which could have an adverse impact on the Issuer’s or 
the Amalgamation’s ability to raise, and the cost of, any form of capital or funding. 
Pursuant to the Amalgamation Act, the FIN-FSA may grant a central institution a permission to decide that its Member 
Credit Institutions may be exempted from the applicability of the CRR as regards the capital requirements in respect of 
the amount of credit institution’s own funds. POP Bank Centre, the central institution of the Amalgamation, applies a 
permission by the FIN-FSA to decide that the requirements of CRR regarding own funds requirements for intragroup 
items and large exposures, LCR and future NSFR requirements do not apply to its Member Credit Institutions. 
Minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
Items eligible for inclusion in MREL include institution’s own funds (within the meaning of CRD IV), along with 
“Eligible Liabilities”, meaning liabilities which inter alia, are issued and fully paid up, have a maturity of at least one year 
(or do not give the investor a right to repayment within one year), and do not arise from derivatives. The MREL 
requirement may also have to be met partially through the issuance of contractual bail-in instruments, being instruments 
that are effectively subordinated to other eligible liabilities in a bail-in or insolvency of the relevant institution. On 28 
April 2021, the Stability Authority updated the MREL requirement of the Amalgamation. The new requirement is 19.39 
per cent of the total amount of risk or 5.91 per cent of the total amount of exposures used in the calculation of the minimum 
capital adequacy ratio. The new requirement took effect on 1 January 2022. The Amalgamation’s requirement will be 
covered by own funds and unsecured senior bonds. According to the Stability Authority’s revised memorandum on the 
application of MREL requirement published on 24 June 2021, the senior bonds issued by Bonum Bank under its 
programme are likely to qualify as Eligible Liabilities.  
If the Group were to experience difficulties in raising MREL eligible liabilities, it may have to reduce its lending or 
investments in other business operations. The applicable regulations in respect of the MREL requirement may be revised 
or the Stability Authority may revise its interpretations of the applicable regulations or its decision on the Group’s MREL 
requirement so that senior preferred notes do not count towards the MREL requirement of the Group.  
If the Issuer does not comply with the requirements applicable to an issuer of listed instruments, it may lead to, among 
other things, sanctions under Market Abuse Regulation or negative publicity  
The stock exchange listing of instruments brings certain regulation and oversight to the Issuer’s business operations, such 
as increased requirements concerning the obligation to provide regular and on-going information. 
The Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (“MAR”) establishes a common regulatory framework on insider 
dealing, the unlawful disclosure of inside information and market manipulation (market abuse) as well as measures to 
prevent market abuse to ensure the integrity of the financial market in the European Union and to enhance investor 
protection and confidence in those markets. MAR imposes a range of regulatory requirements on the Issuer and violations 
of MAR may result in significant adverse consequences, such as penalties or even criminal sanctions. MAR also contains 
rules on, among other things, procedures relating to the maintenance of insider lists and the disclosure of managers’ 
transactions.  
If the Issuer was deemed to have neglected the obligations incumbent upon issuers of listed notes, this may lead to 
sanctions under MAR and related regulation as well as to negative publicity, which in turn could have an adverse effect

--- Page 19 ---
17 
on the Issuer’s business operations, its performance or its financial position and have a significant adverse effect on the 
Issuer's reputation. 
Risks associated with abuse of the financial system, trade regulation and sanctions 
In global terms, the risk that banks may become the subject of or be exploited for the purposes of money laundering or 
the financing of terrorism has increased. The risk of future incidents involving money laundering or financing of terrorism 
is always in the background for financial institutions. In addition, financial institutions, such as the Group, are subject to 
various legal regimes and requirements that concern trade regulation and sanctions adherence, including those of Finland, 
the European Union, and the United Nations. In addition, the Group shall observe other sanctions regimes such as the 
sanctions of the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) of the United States, in order to, among others, maintain access 
to capital markets and international payment systems. Any breach of trade regulations or sanctions regimes, or rules that 
aim to prevent the illegal exploitation of the financial system, or even the suspicion of such infringements could have 
grave legal consequences for the Group and/or its reputation, or result in significant penalty payments, or jeopardise the 
Group’s access to capital markets or international payment systems which, in turn, could have a significant adverse effect 
on the Issuer's business operations, its performance or its financial position. 
If the Issuer does not receive the required license to issue covered notes under the Covered Bond Act, it could have a 
significant adverse effect on the Group’s ability to obtain financing  
The Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks and Covered Bonds (Laki kiinnitysluottopankeista ja katetuista 
joukkolainoista, 151/2022) (the “Covered Bond Act”) entered into force on 11 March 2022 and it will start to apply on 
8 July 2022. The issuing of covered notes under the Covered Bond Act requires that the issuer has a separate license for 
mortgage banking activity which is applied from the FIN-FSA and that in respect of any Covered Bonds issued prior to 
8 July 2022 the issuer has given at least one month prior notice to the FIN-FSA and has made an announcement thereof 
including the announcement of the date on which the issuer commences application of the Covered Bond Act to such 
covered bonds. Issuers authorised under the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity (Laki 
kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta, 688/2010, as amended) (the “MCBA”) must apply for the license under the Covered 
Bond Act by 31 March 2022. See “Finnish Covered Bond Act”. The Issuer applied for the license under the Covered 
Bond Act on 28 March 2022. It is not certain that the FIN-FSA grants the Issuer the referred license for mortgage banking 
activity. If the Issuer is not granted the referred license, this might prevent the Group from engaging in mortgage banking 
activity which, in turn, could have a significant adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to obtain financing on competitive 
terms or at all for the Group as its mortgage credit bank. 
Risks relating to the Covered Bonds  
The Cover Asset Pool may not fully cover all claims of the holders of Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds are issued as covered notes (in Finnish: katetut joukkolainat), and covered in accordance with the 
Covered Bond Act or, in certain cases, with the MCBA. See “Covered Bonds that are initially issued in accordance with 
the MCBA”, “In case any Covered Bonds are issued prior to 8 July 2022, the applicable law in relation to such Covered 
Bonds changes from the MCBA to the Covered Bond Act without consent or any other action of any investor” and “Finnish 
Covered Bond Act”. 
Under the Covered Bond Act, holders of Covered Bonds are given a statutory priority in the liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer in relation to the assets entered into the register of Covered Bonds that the Issuer is required to maintain in 
respect of the Covered Bonds (the “Register”) (see “Finnish Covered Bond Act”). Accordingly, notwithstanding that the 
Issuer has entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings, holders of Covered Bonds have the right to receive payment 
before all other claims against the Issuer out of the proceeds of the Cover Asset Pool covering the Covered Bonds. To the 
extent that claims of the holders of Covered Bonds in respect of the Covered Bonds are not met out of the Cover Asset 
Pool, the residual claims of the holders of Covered Bonds will rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. Holders of Covered Bonds will not have any preferential right to the Issuer’s assets other than 
those entered into the Cover Asset Pool as collateral in respect of the Covered Bonds. Under the Covered Bond Act, in 
the event of the Issuer’s liquidation or bankruptcy, the amount available to be paid to the holders of Covered Bonds out 
of the relevant Cover Asset Pool on a prioritised basis may be affected by the amounts payable at the relevant time to 
counterparties of any Derivative Transactions registered in the Cover Asset Pool which rank pari passu to the holders of 
the Covered Bonds. Any Derivative Transactions registered in the Cover Asset Pool are entered into by the Issuer and the

--- Page 20 ---
18 
providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans that are entered into by the bankruptcy administrator of the Issuer to secure 
liquidity or take out liquidity credit. 
The funds accruing from the assets entered in the Cover Asset Pool of the Covered Bonds after the commencement of 
liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings are entered into the Register and/or Cover Asset Pool as collateral until the holders 
of Covered Bonds, counterparties to Derivative Transactions and providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans are repaid in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds, Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity 
Loans, as applicable. Such provision of the Covered Bond Act shall also be applied to the funds accrued to the Issuer after 
the commencement of the liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings on the basis of derivative transactions entered into the 
Register in respect of the Covered Bonds or assets entered into the Register as collateral in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
The regime under the BRRD directive enables authorities to take a range of actions in relation to financial institutions 
considered to be at risk of failing, and if the Issuer becomes subject to recovery and resolution actions by the Stability 
Authority, the Covered Bonds may be subject to write-down on any application of the general bail-in tool (to the extent 
the value of the security does not cover the amount of the Covered Bonds), which may result in holders of Covered 
Bonds losing some or all of their investment 
The BRRD (including without limitation as amended by the Creditor Hierarchy Directive and by Directive (EU) 2019/879 
of 20 May 2019 of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms) sets out the necessary steps and powers 
for authorities to ensure that bank failures across the EU are managed in a way which mitigates the risk of financial 
instability and minimises the impact of an institution’s failure on the economy and financial system costs for taxpayers.  
The BRRD was implemented in Finland through, inter alia, the Act on Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment 
Firms (Laki luottolaitosten ja sijoituspalveluyritysten kriisinratkaisusta 1197/2014, as amended) (the “Resolution Act”) 
and the Act on Financial Stability Authority (Laki rahoitusvakausviranomaisesta 1198/2014, as amended), together the 
“Finnish Resolution Laws”. Both acts entered into force on 1 January 2015. The latter regulates the Stability Authority, 
being the national resolution authority having counterparts in all EU member states. The Resolution Act vests the Stability 
Authority with resolution powers and tools as provided in the BRRD.  
Pursuant to the Resolution Act, a failing financial institution could be subject to a number of resolution tools that has been 
granted to the Stability Authority. The Stability Authority has the right to mandatory write-down the nominal value of 
liabilities and convert liabilities into regulatory capital instruments (bail-in) (which could include the Covered Bonds (to 
the extent the value of the security does not cover the amount of the Covered Bonds)), sale of business, bridge institution 
and asset separation. To continue the operations of the institution, the Stability Authority has the power to decide upon 
covering losses of the institution by reducing the value of the institution's share capital or cancelling its shares. The Finnish 
national legislation that implements the Banking Reform Package includes a provision whereby the Stability Authority 
may implement resolution measures in respect of the central institution and all member banks of an Amalgamation, if the 
Amalgamation as a whole meets the resolution criteria. This provision has the effect that potential bail-in of MREL 
eligible instruments issued by one member institution may be utilised for covering losses of other member credit 
institutions or for the recapitalisation of other member credit institutions of the Amalgamation. 
In the resolution plan drawn up and adopted by the Stability Authority in respect of the Amalgamation, the bail-in tool is 
exercised in respect of the Amalgamation through Bonum Bank. Consequently, if the bail-in tool would be exercised in 
respect of the Amalgamation, the losses of Member Credit Institutions (including any POP Bank) and/or the 
recapitalisation of Member Credit Institutions (including any POP Bank) of the Amalgamation would be effected by 
write-down and conversion of liabilities of Bonum Bank. The exercise of any resolution power or any suggestion of any 
such exercise could have a material adverse effect on the value of the Covered Bonds and could lead to holders of the 
Covered Bonds losing some or all of the value of their investment in the Covered Bonds. In particular, the exercise of the 
bail-in tool in respect of the Issuer or other members of the Amalgamation and/or the Covered Bonds or any suggestion 
of any such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of the holders of the Covered Bonds, the price or value 
of their investment in the Covered Bonds and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Covered Bonds 
and could lead to the holders of the Covered Bonds losing some or all of the value of their investment in the Covered 
Bonds. The Finnish national legislation that implements the Banking Reform Package includes a provision whereby the 
Stability Authority may implement resolution measures in respect of the Covered Bonds (to the extent the value of the 
security does not cover the amount of the Covered Bonds) to cover losses of the Central Organisation or a Member Credit 
Institution or for the capitalisation of the Central Organisation or a Member Credit Institution, if the Amalgamation as a 
whole meets the resolution criteria. The actual effect on holders of the Covered Bonds depends, among other things, on

--- Page 21 ---
19 
the nature and severity of the crisis. For more information on the Finnish Resolution Laws, see “Regulatory Environment 
– Resolution Laws”. 
Risks relating to the ratings of the Covered Bonds  
The ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme by S&P express a relative ranking of 
creditworthiness.  
The expected ratings of the Covered Bonds will be set out in the relevant Final Terms for each Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
However, holders of Covered Bonds should be aware that any issuance of Covered Bonds will, subjected to the comments 
made below, be subject to written confirmation from S&P that such issuance will not adversely affect the then current 
ratings of the existing Covered Bonds. S&P may lower its rating or withdraw its rating if, in the sole judgment of S&P, 
the credit quality of the Covered Bonds has declined or is in question. If any rating assigned to the Covered Bonds is 
lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Covered Bonds may be reduced. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or 
withdrawal at any time. A rating may not reflect the potential impact of all of the risks related to the structure, market, 
additional factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds. Holders of Covered 
Bonds should note that at any time S&P may revise its relevant rating methodology or revise its current ratings criteria 
with result that, among other things, any rating assigned to the Covered Bonds may be lowered and/or in order to comply 
with any such revised criteria or rating methodology, amendments may be made to the transaction documents. 
Any changes to the methodology applied for rating covered bonds or the expectations of S&P with regards to the nature 
of counterparty contracts and ratings of Cover Asset Pool counterparties might lead to a downgrade of the Covered Bonds 
or re-affirmation of the Covered Bond rating and might require that certain amendments are made to the transaction 
documents to be able to satisfy the revised criteria. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer will not be obliged, following a change in rating methodology by S&P to amend 
any of the transaction documents to maintain the then ratings of the Covered Bonds. 
Fixed rate Covered Bonds are subject to interest rate risks 
In general, as market interest rates rise, covered bonds bearing interest at a fixed rate generally decline in value. 
Consequently, investment in fixed rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates 
may adversely affect the value of the fixed rate Covered Bonds since fixed rate Covered Bonds have a fixed rate of interest 
and prevailing interest rates in the future may be higher than that fixed rate of interest. 
Interest on floating rate Covered Bonds may fall below the margin 
A holder of floating rate Covered Bonds is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest 
income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of floating rate Covered Bonds in 
advance. In the event that the reference rate used to calculate the applicable interest rate turns negative, the interest rate 
on the Covered Bonds will therefore be below the margin as specified in the Final Terms and may be zero. Accordingly, 
the holders of floating rate Covered Bonds may not be entitled to interest payments for certain or all interest periods. 
Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as an indication of the future 
development of such floating rate during the term of any Covered Bond. 
Amendments to the conditions of the Covered Bonds bind all holders of Covered Bonds 
The conditions of the Covered Bonds contain provisions for calling meetings of holders of Covered Bonds to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all holders of Covered Bonds 
including such holders of Covered Bonds who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and the holders of Covered 
Bonds who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.

--- Page 22 ---
20 
The Group and the Issuer do not have working practices in relation to covered bonds at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, which could lead to, among other things, operational or other issues in relation to the Covered Bonds 
The Issuer has been incorporated for the purpose of acting as the mortgage credit bank of the Group in 2021 and the FIN-
FSA has granted a mortgage banking licence to the Issuer in May 2022. No member of the Group has issued covered 
bonds at the date of this Base Prospectus. The members of the Amalgamation have entered into agreements in relation to, 
among other things, issuance of the Covered Bonds, provision of Intermediary Loans and establishment of a Cover Asset 
Pool but the Group does not have working practices in relation to covered bonds at the date of this Base Prospectus. The 
absence of working practices could lead to problems in relation to any Covered Bonds from internal inadequacies or 
errors in systems, processes, procedures or the actions of personnel. Any such problems in the issuance of Covered Bonds 
could lead to a material adverse effect on the issuance of Covered Bonds, value of the Covered Bonds or cause negative 
publicity to the Group. 
Intermediary Loans and limited recourse to the originators 
The members of the Group who originated the Mortgage Loans, and who have provided such Mortgage Loans as security 
in relation to Intermediary Loans (the “Originators”) have undertaken in the agreements related to the provision of 
Intermediary Loans made between the Issuer and the Originators, inter alia, that the Originators are liable for 
administering the loans and related risks in accordance with the Amalgamation’s ratified guidance. None of the Issuer, 
the Arranger or the Lead Manager(s) has made or caused to be made (or will make or cause to be made) on its behalf any 
enquiry, search or investigation in relation to compliance by the relevant Originator or any other person with the lending 
criteria or origination procedures or the adequacy thereof or with any applicable laws or in relation to the execution, 
legality, validity, perfection, adequacy of enforceability of any Mortgage Loan or the related security. Thus, the Issuer 
must rely on warranties given by the Originators and therefore, the remedy available for the Issuer is to require the 
Originators to re-acquire the relevant Mortgage Loan and related security, provided that this shall not limit any other 
remedies available to the Issuer if the Originators fail to re-acquire the Mortgage Loan and related security.  
The Covered Bonds may be redeemed prior to maturity  
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable to a Series of Notes, the Issuer is entitled to redeem the Covered Bonds of a 
Series of Notes in whole, or if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part, at any Optional Redemption Date (see 
Condition 4.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the 
Final Terms as being applicable.  
There can be no assurances that, in the event of any such early redemption, the holders of Covered Bonds will be able to 
reinvest the proceeds at a rate that is equal to the return on the Covered Bonds. Early redemption features are also likely 
to limit the market value of the Covered Bonds. During any period when the Issuer can redeem the Covered Bonds, or 
during which there is an actual or perceived increased likelihood that the Issuer may elect to redeem the Covered Bonds, 
the market value of those Covered Bonds generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be 
redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period if the market believes that the Covered Bonds may 
become eligible for redemption in the near term. Subject to the restrictions included in the terms and conditions, the Issuer 
may redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Covered Bonds. At those 
times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as 
the interest rate on the Covered Bonds being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
It is uncertain how the provisions of the Covered Bond Act will be interpreted or applied by a Finnish court which 
increases, among other things, risk of costs and adverse publicity  
The Covered Bond Act entered into force on 11 March 2022 and it will start to apply on 8 July 2022. See “Finnish 
Covered Bond Act”. There have not been any cases in which the provisions of the Covered Bond Act have been analysed 
by the Finnish courts. It is uncertain how the provisions of the Covered Bond Act will be interpreted or applied by Finnish 
courts or whether changes or amendments will be made to it which affect the Covered Bonds. Furthermore, at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, there is no guidance by the regulatory authorities, such as the FIN-FSA, to the interpretation and 
application of the Covered Bond Act that would lend clear support over the interpretation of some of the provisions in 
the Covered Bond Act. Thus, the possible consequent costs from the future judgements of the Finnish courts may be 
higher than expected and may create adverse publicity and uncertainty among investors.

--- Page 23 ---
21 
In case any Covered Bonds are issued prior to 8 July 2022, the applicable law in relation to such Covered Bonds 
changes from the MCBA to the Covered Bond Act without consent or any other action of any investor  
The General Terms and Conditions provide that the Issuer may issue Covered Bonds which are covered in accordance 
with the provisions of the MCBA in case the Covered Bonds are issued prior to the application of the Covered Bond Act 
(the “Initial MCBA Covered Bonds”). In respect of such Initial MCBA Covered Bonds, the application of the Covered 
Bond Act commences earliest on 8 July 2022 and after the Issuer has given at least one month prior notice to the FIN-
FSA and made an announcement thereof including the date on which the Issuer commences application of the Covered 
Bond Act.  
Section 51 of the Covered Bond Act provides that covered bonds issued prior to the application of the Covered Bond Act 
may become governed by the Covered Bond Act following its application in case the terms and conditions of the 
instruments include provisions to that effect. The Issuer intends that any Initial MCBA Covered Bonds include provisions 
to that effect (see Condition 1 (Covered Bonds, status and their form)) and that the applicable law changes in accordance 
with Section 51 of the Covered Bond Act in respect of such Covered Bonds. However, Section 51 of the Covered Bond 
Act has not been interpreted by a Finnish court and the application of the provision remains uncertain. In case the Issuer’s 
interpretation of the Covered Bond Act and the law applicable to the Initial MCBA Covered Bonds after commencement 
of application of the Covered Bond Act would be overturned or challenged due to any reason, including a determination 
by a Finnish court or an interpretation of any supervising authority, the Issuer could, among other things, incur additional 
costs or negative publicity, or the Issuer could become subject to regulatory or other proceedings. 
The Initial MCBA Covered Bonds are covered in accordance with the MCBA prior to application of the Covered Bond 
Act, which could affect the rights of the holders of Covered Bonds adversely  
The terms and conditions of any Initial MCBA Covered Bonds provide that the MCBA applies to such Covered Bonds 
until application of the Covered Bond Act. Consequently, as long as the Issuer chooses to continue to apply the MCBA, 
the rights and obligations of the holders of Covered Bonds in respect of such Initial MCBA Covered Bonds are governed 
by the provisions of the MCBA. The provisions of the MCBA differ from the Covered Bond Act in certain aspects which 
could affect the rights of the holders of Covered Bonds adversely. See “Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity”. 
No events of default in Covered Bonds 
The terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds do not include any events of default relating to the Issuer and therefore 
the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds do not entitle holders to accelerate the Covered Bonds. As such, it is 
envisaged that holders of the Covered Bonds will only be paid the scheduled interest payments under the Covered Bonds 
as and when they fall due under the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds.  
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Covered Bonds linked to such 
“benchmarks” 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject 
of recent EU, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform, including the Benchmarks Regulation 
(see “Regulatory Environment – Benchmarks Regulation”). Changes to any of the above could have a material impact on 
any Covered Bonds linked to a rate or index deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms 
of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes 
could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level of the “benchmark”. More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the 
general increased regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from continuing 
to administer or contribute to such “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the 
“benchmarks” or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the ”benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential 
changes as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have 
a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Covered Bonds linked to a “benchmark”. Further, any of the 
above matters may affect the ability of the Issuer to meet is obligations under the Covered Bonds and may have a material 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 24 ---
22 
In the event of a failure of the Cover Asset Pool to meet the matching requirements, holders of Covered Bonds may 
receive payments according to a schedule that is different from that contemplated by the terms of the relevant Covered 
Bond  
The Issuer is required under the Covered Bond Act to comply with certain matching requirements as long as there is any 
Covered Bond outstanding. Under the Covered Bond Act, if the assets in the Cover Asset Pool do not fulfil the 
requirements provided for in the Covered Bond Act, the FIN-FSA may set a time limit within which the Issuer shall place 
more collateral in compliance with the Covered Bond Act and the conditions of the relevant Covered Bonds. If these 
requirements are not complied with, the Issuer’s license for mortgage bank activities may be withdrawn. If the Issuer is 
placed in liquidation or declared bankrupt, and the requirements for the total amount of collateral of the Covered Bonds 
are not fulfilled, a supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA may demand that the Issuer’s bankruptcy administrator declare 
the Covered Bonds due and payable and sell the assets in the Cover Asset Pool. This could result in the holders of Covered 
Bonds receiving payment according to a schedule that is different from that contemplated by the terms of the Covered 
Bonds (with accelerations as well as delays) or that the holders of Covered Bonds are not paid in full.  
Default of the assets in the Cover Asset Pool may jeopardise payment on the Covered Bonds 
Default of the assets in the Cover Asset Pool could jeopardise the Issuer’s ability to make payments on the Covered Bonds 
in full or on a timely manner (see “Defaults under the mortgage loans and defaults by borrowers may result in the Issuer’s 
license for mortgage bank activity to be withdrawn”). Over-collateralisation must have a value of at least two per cent. If 
the requirements set out in Article 129, Paragraph 3 a, Subparagraph 3 of the CRR are not met, over-collateralisation must 
have a value of at least five per cent. In case of defaults of the Issuer’s assets in the Cover Asset Pool, the Issuer must 
supplement the Cover Asset Pool to comply with the statutory requirements and if the current value of the total amount 
of the Cover Asset Pool does not continuously exceed the current value of the combined payment obligations resulting 
from the Covered Bonds by at least two per cent or five per cent, as applicable, the FIN-FSA may withdraw the Issuer’s 
license for mortgage bank activities and the assets in the Cover Asset Pool may not fully cover the payments on the 
Covered Bonds. To the extent that claims of the holders of Covered Bonds in respect of the Covered Bonds are not met 
out of the Cover Asset Pool, the residual claims of the holders of Covered Bonds will rank pari passu with the unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. The Issuer will substitute assets that are, for any reason, no longer eligible 
for collateral with eligible assets in accordance with the applicable Covered Bond Act. 
Transfer of Covered Bonds and the Cover Asset Pool in bankruptcy  
In bankruptcy, a bankruptcy administrator may, with the permission of the FIN-FSA, transfer the liability for a covered 
bond and the corresponding collateral to a mortgage credit bank, deposit bank or credit entity that has acquired a license 
to issue covered bonds or to a foreign mortgage credit bank which is subject to supervision corresponding to that of the 
Covered Bond Act unless the terms of the covered bond provide otherwise. See also “Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit 
Bank Activity—Management of Cover Pool Assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer”. The transfer of 
Covered Bonds and/or Cover Asset Pool in bankruptcy may have an adverse effect on the financial position of the holders 
of the Covered Bonds.   
No market for collateral after an insolvency of the Issuer 
There is no assurance as to whether there will be a trading market for the collateral in the Cover Asset Pool or an eligible 
transferee to take over the obligations relating to the Covered Bonds and the corresponding collateral after an insolvency 
of the Issuer, which may have an adverse effect on the financial position of the holders of the Covered Bonds.  
Liquidity post Issuer bankruptcy  
It is believed that neither an insolvent issuer nor its bankruptcy estate would have the ability to issue Covered Bonds. The 
bankruptcy administrator (upon the demand or the consent of a supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA) may, however, 
raise liquidity through the sale of mortgage loans and other assets in the Cover Asset Pool to fulfil the obligations relating 
to the relevant Covered Bonds. Further, the bankruptcy administrator (upon the demand or the consent of the supervisor 
appointed by the FIN-FSA) may take out liquidity loans and enter into other agreements for the purpose of securing the 
liquidity of the Cover Asset Pool (the “Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans”). Counterparties in Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans 
are entitled to payment from the funds included in the Cover Pool only after the receivables referred to in Section 20 of 
the Covered Bond Act. Counterparties in existing Derivative Transactions entered into the Cover Asset pool rank pari 
passu with holders of the relevant Covered Bonds. However, there is no assurance as to the actual ability of the bankruptcy

--- Page 25 ---
23 
estate to raise post-bankruptcy liquidity, which may result in a failure by the Issuer to make full and timely payments to 
holders of Covered Bonds and existing derivative counterparties registered in the Cover Asset Pool.  
Defaults under the mortgage loans and defaults by borrowers may result in the Issuer’s license for mortgage bank 
activity to be withdrawn 
The mortgage loans which secure the Covered Bonds will comprise loans secured on property. A borrower may default 
on its obligation under such mortgage loan. The Issuer will substitute assets that are, for any reason, no longer eligible for 
collateral with eligible assets in accordance with the Covered Bond Act. If the Cover Asset Pool does not have sufficient 
eligible assets, the Issuer would breach its statutory obligations and the FIN-FSA may set a time limit within which the 
Issuer shall place more collateral in compliance with the applicable Covered Bond Act and the conditions of the relevant 
Covered Bonds. If these requirements are not complied with, the Issuer’s license for mortgage bank activities may be 
withdrawn which means that it will be no longer available to practice mortgage bank activity.  
Defaults may occur for a variety of reasons. Defaults under mortgage loans are subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate 
risks. Various factors influence mortgage delinquency rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate 
payment of interest and principal, such as changes in the national or international economic climate, regional economic 
or housing conditions, changes in tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative 
investments, political developments and government policies. Other factors in borrowers’ individual, personal or financial 
circumstances may affect the ability of the borrowers to repay the mortgage loans. Especially, at the date of this 
Prospectus, the volatile market situation may influence the borrowers repayment capability. Loss of earnings, 
unemployment, illness, divorce, weakening of financial conditions or results of business operations and other similar 
factors may lead to an increase in delinquencies by and bankruptcies of borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse 
impact on the ability of borrowers to repay the mortgage loans. In addition, the ability of a borrower to sell a property 
given as security for a mortgage loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under that mortgage loan will 
depend upon a number of factors, including the availability of buyers for that property, the value of that property and 
property values in general at the time. In case the borrowers are not able to repay the mortgage loans, this may have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial position.  
The value of cover asset pool may decline due to a general downturn in the value of Property 
According to the Origination Criteria for the Housing Loans and Cover Asset Pool, all Housing Loans contained in the 
Cover Asset Pool will be secured on Property located or incorporated in Finland. (see “Characteristics of the Cover Asset 
Pool – Origination Criteria for the Housing Loans and the Cover Asset Pool”). The value of the Cover Asset Pool may 
decline sharply and rapidly in the event of a general downturn in the value of Property in Finland. Any such downturn 
may hence have an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to satisfy its obligations under the Covered Bonds and/or the price 
or value of the Covered Bonds. 
The value of security over Property may be affected by the decline in the value of Property and priority of such security 
The security for a Mortgage Loan included in the Cover Asset Pool consists of, amongst other things, the Issuer's interest 
in security over a Property. The value of such security and, accordingly, the level of recoveries on an enforcement of such 
security, may be affected by, among other things, a decline in the value of Property and priority of such security. No 
assurance can be given that the values of relevant Properties will not decline or have not declined since the Mortgage 
Loan was originated. Where the Issuer enforces security over a Property, realisation of that security is likely to involve 
obtaining of a court decision confirming the payment obligation of the borrower and approving the sale of that Property 
through public auction. The ability of the Issuer to dispose of a Property without the consent of the borrower will depend 
on (i) the above decision by a court and the public auction (in the case of a mortgageable property but not in the case of 
shares in a housing or real estate company), (ii) the relevant housing market or commercial property market conditions at 
the relevant time and (iii) the availability of buyers for the relevant Property. 
No due diligence has or will be undertaken in relation to the Cover Asset Pool 
No investigations, searches or other actions in respect of any assets contained or to be contained in the Cover Asset Pool 
has or will be performed by the Arranger nor any Lead Manager. Instead, they will rely on the obligations of the Issuer 
under applicable Finnish law. See “Characteristics of the Cover Asset Pool – No Due Diligence”. Thus, the possible risks 
related to the Cover Asset Pool cannot fully be estimated.

--- Page 26 ---
24 
Limited information is available to holders of Covered Bonds, especially in relation to the assets in the Cover Asset 
Pool  
Investors will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the mortgage loans, the location of the properties 
securing the mortgage loans or other assets included in the Cover Asset Pool and it is expected that the composition of 
the Cover Asset Pool will change from time to time through the repayment of the mortgage loans by borrowers or new 
mortgage loans and/or other eligible assets being added to the Cover Asset Pool. The assets contained in the Cover Asset 
Pool will change over time reflecting repayments and new credits granted and, therefore, there are no assurances that the 
regional diversification, risk profile or credit quality of the assets in the Cover Asset Pool will remain the same as on or 
after the issue date of any Covered Bonds. The Issuer will maintain a separate register for the Cover Asset Pool and inform 
the holders of Covered Bonds of the composition of the Cover Asset Pool on its website at 
https://www.poppankki.fi/en/investors/information-for-investors/investor-relations on a quarterly basis in connection 
with the issuance of its financial statements and half-year financial reports. The Issuer is subject to the disclosure 
obligations as set out in the MAR, the Finnish Securities Markets Act, in the regulations and guidelines of the FIN-FSA 
as well as in the rules of the Helsinki Stock Exchange, and this disclosure obligation may include matters relating to the 
requirements set for the Cover Asset Pool in accordance with the Covered Bond Act where such information is of precise 
nature and likely to have a significant effect on the prices of the Covered Bonds.  
Reliance on Swap Providers  
To provide a hedge against possible variances in the rates of interest receivable on the mortgage loans and other assets 
from time to time held by the Issuer (which may, for instance, include variable rates of interest, discounted rates of interest, 
fixed rates of interest or rates of interest which track a base rate) and the interest rate(s) under the Covered Bonds, the 
Issuer may from time to time enter into interest rate swap agreements (see “Derivative Transactions related to the Covered 
Bonds”).  
If any swap counterparty defaults on its obligations to make payments under the relevant interest rate swap agreement, 
the Issuer will be exposed to changes in the relevant rates of interest. Unless such interest rate swap agreements are 
replaced, the Issuer may not have sufficient funds to make payments under the Covered Bonds.  
Obligations may be extended 
Pursuant to Section 32 of the Covered Bond Act, the terms and conditions of a covered note may include a provision that 
enables the issuer to extend the maturity of a covered note subject to certain conditions, including the approval of the 
FIN-FSA. In addition, the conditions for extension of maturity include, among others, that the issuer is unable to obtain 
long-term financing from ordinary sources, the issuer is unable to meet the liquidity requirement set out in the Covered 
Bond Act if it makes payments towards the principal and interest of the maturing covered note and that the extension of 
maturity does not affect the sequence in which the issuer’s covered notes from the same Cover Asset Pool are maturing. 
If the FIN-FSA’s determines that the conditions for extension have been fulfilled and it gives its approval to the extension, 
its resolution shall indicate the applied extended maturity date of such covered notes which shall be a date on or before 
the final extended maturity date specified in the General Terms and Conditions. 
If “Extended Final Maturity” if specified as being applicable in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, the maturity date 
of the relevant Covered Bonds may be extended subject to certain conditions, including approval of the FIN-FSA, 
specified in Condition 4.2 of the Terms and Conditions. In the event of such extension, the Issuer may redeem all or any 
part of the nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the 
Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Final Maturity Date. The extension of the maturity of the outstanding 
principal amount of the Covered Bonds to a date falling after the Maturity Date will not result in any right of the holders 
of Covered Bonds to accelerate payments on such Covered Bonds and no payment will be payable to the holders of 
Covered Bonds in that event other than as set out in the General Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 27 ---
25 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
Responsibility statement 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best knowledge of the 
Issuer, the information contained in the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus 
makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
POP Mortgage Bank Plc 
Hevosenkenkä 3 
FI-02600 Espoo 
Finland 
 
The POP Bank Centre accepts responsibility for the information on the POP Bank Centre, the Amalgamation, and the 
Group. To the best knowledge of the POP Bank Centre, the information on the POP Bank Centre, the Amalgamation, 
and the Group contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no 
omission likely to affect its import.  
 
POP Bank Centre coop 
Hevosenkenkä 3 
FI-02600 Espoo 
Finland 
Auditors 
The consolidated financial statement of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 incorporated in this 
Base Prospectus by reference have been audited by Tiia Kataja, Authorised Public Accountant, KPMG Oy Ab. The 
business address of the auditor and KPMG Oy Ab is Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland. 
Issuer 
 
 
 
 
POP Mortgage Bank Plc 
 
 
Reg.no. 3236645-3  
 
 
Domicile: Espoo   
 
 
Address: Hevosenkenkä 3  
 
 
FI-02600 Espoo Finland 
 
 
tel. +358 (0)10 667 3000  
 
 
popa@poppankki.fi   
 
www.poppankki.fi 
 
 
Arranger  
 
 
 
 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
Satamaradankatu 5  
 
 
FI-00020 NORDEA 
 
 
Finland 
 
 
 
 
Auditor of the Issuer 
 
 
 
 
 
KPMG Oy Ab  
 
 
Authorised Public Accountants 
 
 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
 
 
FI-00100 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
 
The primary auditor Tiia-Kaisa Kataja, Certified 
Public Accountant

--- Page 28 ---
26 
Special cautionary notice regarding forward looking statements 
Certain statements in this Base Prospectus, including but not limited to certain statements set forth under the captions 
“Risk Factors”, “Description of POP Mortgage Bank” and “Information on the Group and the Amalgamation” are based 
on the beliefs of the Group’s management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to it, and 
such statements may constitute forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and 
unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause the actual results, performance or achievements 
of the Issuer, of the Amalgamation, or of the Group, or industry results, to differ materially from any future results, 
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks, uncertainties and 
other important factors include, among other things, the risks described in the section “Risk Factors”. The forward-looking 
statements are not guarantees of the future operational or financial performance of the Company. In addition to factors 
that may be described elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, the factors discussed under “Risk Factors” could cause the 
Issuer’s, the Amalgamation or the Group’s actual results of operations or their financial conditions to differ materially 
from those expressed in any forward-looking statement. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialise, or 
should any underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, the Issuer’s, the Amalgamation, or the Group’s actual results 
of operations, their financial conditions or the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Covered Bonds could differ 
materially from those described herein as anticipated, believed, estimated or expected. The Issuer does not intend and 
does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained herein unless required by applicable 
legislation. For additional information that could affect the results, performance or achievements of the Issuer, see “Risk 
Factors”. 
No incorporation of website information 
This 
Base 
Prospectus 
and 
any 
Final 
Terms 
will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
Group’s 
website 
at 
https://www.poppankki.fi/en/investors/information-for-investors/investor-relations. However, the contents of the 
Group’s website (excluding the Base Prospectus, any supplements thereto, the Final Terms and the documents 
incorporated by reference) or any other website do not form a part of this Base Prospectus, and prospective investors 
should not rely on such information in making their decision to invest in the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 29 ---
27 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following General Terms and Conditions of the Programme must be read in their entirety together with 
the relevant Final Terms for the relevant Covered Bonds.  
1. Covered Bonds, status and their form 
The notes are issued by POP Mortgage Bank Plc (the “Issuer”). The Covered Bonds are issued as serial bonds 
(in Finnish: sarjalaina) (each a “Series”). Each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) 
of Covered Bonds. The terms and conditions of a Tranche are formed by combining these general terms and 
conditions (the “General Terms and Conditions” and each clause a “Condition”) and a document specific to 
such Tranche called final terms (“Final Terms”). 
The Covered Bonds are issued as covered notes (in Finnish: katetut joukkolainat) (the “Covered Bonds”). 
Pursuant to the transitory provision (Section 51) of the new Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks and Covered 
Bonds (Laki kiinnitysluottopankeista ja katetuista joukkolainoista, 151/2022) (the “Covered Bond Act”), a 
Covered Bond issued before the entry into force of the Covered Bond Act shall continue to be governed by the 
the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity (Laki kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010, as 
amended) (the “MCBA”). However, under Section 52 of the Covered Bond Act an issuer may move to apply 
the Covered Bond Act to such Covered Bonds issued prior to 8 July 2022 if the terms and conditions of the 
covered bonds provide that the instruments are governed by the laws applicable from time to time to Covered 
Bonds; the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds allow a change in the applicable law; or the issuer and 
the holders of the Covered Bonds specifically agree that the Covered Bond Act applies to such covered bonds. 
In case an issuer commences to apply the Covered Bond Act to any covered bonds issued in accordance with 
the MCBA, it must give at least one month prior notice to the FIN-FSA and make an announcement thereto 
including the date on which the issuer commences application of the CBA to such covered bonds. Hence, (A) 
any Covered Bonds issued prior to 8 July 2022 are covered in accordance with the MCBA, until the date 
immediately preceding the date which the Issuer has in accordance with Section 51 of the Covered Bond Act 
announced to the market to be the date as of which the Issuer commences the application of the Covered Bond 
Act  (the “MCBA Application Period”), and (B) any Covered Bonds issued on or after 8 July 2022 are covered 
in accordance with the Covered Bond Act (the “Covered Bond Act Application Period”). The Covered Bonds 
are direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves 
and with all other obligations of the Issuer in respect of mortgage-backed notes covered as well as derivative 
transactions entered into by the Issuer to hedge against risks relating to the Covered Bonds or their underlying 
collateral and recorded in the register of the Covered Bonds (“Derivative Transactions”) and loans made by 
the bankruptcy administrator of the Issuer to secure liquidity or take out liquidity and recorded in the register 
of the Covered Bonds (“Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans”) (A) during the MCBA Application Period, in 
accordance with the MCBA (including pursuant to Sections 25 and 26 of the MCBA) as well as all Derivative 
Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans and (B) as of the start of the Covered Bond Act Application 
Period, in accordance with the Covered Bond Act (including pursuant to Sections 20 and 40 of the Covered 
Bond Act) as well as all Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans. Under the Covered Bond 
Act, creditors of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans are entitled to payment from the funds included in the Cover Pool 
only after the receivables referred to in Section 20 of the Covered Bond Act. 
Covered Bonds may be issued to be subscribed for by professional clients and eligible counterparties. No 
Covered Bonds may be issued to retail investors. The minimum subscription amount is at least EUR 100,000 
and the denomination of a book-entry unit is at least EUR 100,000.  
The Covered Bonds will be issued in the Infinity book-entry securities system of Euroclear Finland Oy 
incorporated in Finland with Reg. No. 1061446-0, address Urho Kekkosen katu 5 C, FI-00100 Helsinki, 
Finland, (“Euroclear Finland”) (or any system replacing or substituting the Infinity book-entry securities 
system in accordance with the Finnish laws, regulations and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued 
by Euroclear Finland for the time being (the “Euroclear Finland Rules”)), in accordance with the Act on the 
Book-Entry System and Clearing and Settlement (Laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta 
348/2017, as amended) and other Finnish legislation governing book-entry system and book-entry accounts as 
well as the Euroclear Finland Rules. The registrar in respect of the Covered Bonds will be Euroclear Finland. 
The issuer agent (in Finnish: liikkeeseenlaskijan asiamies) for a Series referred to in the Euroclear Finland 
Rules as well as the paying agent of the Covered Bonds (the “Issuer Agent” and/or where applicable, the

--- Page 30 ---
28 
“Paying Agent”) are defined in the Final Terms. The Issuer may appoint one or more Lead Manager(s) (the 
“Lead Manager(s)”) for a Tranche as specified in the Final Terms. The Issuer may appoint a calculation agent 
(“Calculation Agent”) for a Tranche or the Issuer may act as the calculation agent, in each case as specified 
in the Final Terms. 
Covered Bonds subscribed and paid for shall be entered to the respective book-entry accounts of the 
subscriber(s) on a date set out in the Final Terms in accordance with the Finnish legislation governing the book-
entry system and book-entry accounts as well as the Euroclear Finland Rules. Each Covered Bond is freely 
transferable after it has been registered into the respective book-entry account. 
In the General Terms and Conditions, the “Cover Asset Pool” a cover pool of qualifying assets securing the 
Covered Bonds as regulated (A) during the MCBA Application Period, in the MCBA and (B) as of the start of 
the Covered Bond Act Application Period, in the Covered Bond. 
In these General Terms and Conditions, “Group” means the group consisting of the POP Bank Centre 
(business identity code 1090961-3) and its subsidiaries within the meaning of Chapter 1, Section 6 of the 
Finnish Accounting Act (Kirjanpitolaki 1336/1997, as amended) and any reference to “Holders” or holders in 
relation to any Covered Bonds shall mean the holders of the Covered Bonds. 
2. Nominal value 
The denomination of each book-entry unit is at least EUR 100,000. Subject thereto, the Covered Bonds will be 
issued in such denominations as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
3. Maximum amount of the Programme and note principal as well as currency 
The total equivalent value of unamortized Covered Bonds issued at one time may be a maximum of one billion 
(1,000,000,000) euros. The Issuer may decide on raising or lowering the maximum amount. 
The principal and the currency (euro or other relevant currency) of a Series and the specific Tranche are defined 
in the Final Terms. The Issuer may decide on raising or lowering the issued aggregate principal of each Series 
and Tranche during the subscription period. Notice of any decision to raise or lower the issued aggregate 
principal of each Tranche during the subscription period is available at the subscription places and on the 
website at https://www.poppankki.fi/en/investors/information-for-investors/investor-relations as soon as 
practicable after any such decision is made. 
Each Series is numbered annually in numerical order. Each Tranche under each Series is numbered in 
numerical order.  
4. The term of the Covered Bonds, redemption and extension of maturity 
4.1 
The term of the Covered Bonds and redemption 
The term of the Covered Bonds is at least one year. The principal of the Covered Bonds is to be repaid on the 
Maturity Date as defined in the Final Terms or on the Extended Final Maturity Date if an Extended Final 
Maturity Date has been specified in the applicable Final Terms and the maturity of the Covered Bonds has 
been extended in accordance with Condition 4.2 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Final Maturity Date). 
The principal of the Covered Bonds is to be repaid in instalments if so defined in the Final Terms. The business 
day convention defined in Final Terms is applicable to the Maturity Date and the Extended Final Maturity 
Date. The redemption amount is the nominal amount of the principal. 
4.2 
Extension of Maturity up to Extended Final Maturity Date  
The last day of the MCBA Application Period that is the date after which the MCBA shall cease to apply  
An Extended Final Maturity Date may apply to a Series, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If “Extended Final Maturity” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Issuer notifies the 
Issuer Agent at the latest on the fifth (5th) Business Day before the Maturity Date that it will fail to redeem the 
relevant Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date or within two Business Days thereafter, the maturity of 
the Covered Bonds and the date on which the Covered Bonds will be due and repayable for the purposes of

--- Page 31 ---
29 
these General Terms and Conditions will be automatically extended up to but no later than the Extended Final 
Maturity Date, subject as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms and provided that the maturity of 
any Covered Bond may not be extended beyond the date falling 12 months after the Maturity Date. In that 
event, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on an 
Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Final 
Maturity Date. 
The Issuer shall give notice to the holders of the Covered Bonds (in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices)) 
of (a) any decision to so extend the maturity of the Covered Bonds, in whole or in part, as soon as practicable 
after any such decision is made and (b) its intention to redeem all or any of the nominal amount outstanding of 
the Covered Bonds in full at least three Business Days prior to (i) the Maturity Date, where practicable for the 
Issuer to do so and otherwise as soon as practicable after the relevant decision to redeem the Covered Bonds 
(if any) is made or, as applicable (ii) the relevant Interest Payment Date or, as applicable (iii) the Extended 
Final Maturity Date. 
Any failure by the Issuer to so notify such persons shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any such 
extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds or, as applicable, redemption by the Issuer on the Maturity 
Date or, as applicable, the relevant Interest Payment Date or, as applicable, the Extended Final Maturity Date 
or give rise to any such person having any rights in respect of any such redemption but such failure may result 
in a delay in payment being received by a Holder through Euroclear Finland (including on the Maturity Date 
where at least three Business Days’ notice of such redemption is not given to the Holders (in accordance with 
Condition (Notices)) and Holders shall not be entitled to further interest or any other payment in respect of 
such delay.  
In the case of Covered Bonds which are zero coupon notes up to (and including) the Maturity Date and for 
which an Extended Final Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, for the purposes of this 
Condition 4.2, the nominal amount outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on 
the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance with these 
General Terms and Conditions. 
Any extension of the maturity of the Covered Bond under this Condition 4.2 shall be irrevocable. Where this 
Condition 4.2 applies, any failure to redeem the Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date or any extension of the 
maturity of the Covered Bonds under this Condition 4.2 shall not constitute an event of default for any purpose 
or give any Holder any right to receive any payment of interest, principal or otherwise on the relevant Covered 
Bonds other than as expressly set out in these General Terms and Conditions. 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds under this Condition 4.2, interest rates, 
interest periods and interest payment dates on the Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to 
(but excluding) the Extended Final Maturity Date shall be determined in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms. 
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on an Interest 
Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, the redemption proceeds shall be applied rateably 
across the Covered Bonds and the nominal amount outstanding on the Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the 
level of that redemption.  
If the maturity of the Covered Bonds is extended up to the Extended Final Maturity Date in accordance with 
this Condition 4.2, subject as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, for so long as any of the 
Covered Bonds remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not issue any further Covered Bonds, unless the proceeds 
of issue of such further Covered Bonds are applied by the Issuer on issue in redeeming in whole or in part the 
relevant Covered Bonds the maturity of which has been extended in accordance with this Condition 4.2. 
This Condition 4.2 shall only apply to Covered Bonds for which “Extended Final Maturity” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer does not redeem those Covered Bonds in full on the 
Maturity Date (or within two Business Days thereafter). 
As of the start of the Covered Bond Act Application Period in accordance with the Covered Bond Act 
An Extended Final Maturity Date may apply to a Series, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 32 ---
30 
If “Extended Final Maturity” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms it enables the Issuer to 
apply for the approval of the FIN-FSA at the latest on the fifth (5th) Business Day before the Maturity Date that 
the Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds and the date on which the Covered Bonds will be due and repayable 
for the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions should be extended by the FIN-FSA up to but no later 
than the Extended Final Maturity Date due to the reason that (i) the Issuer is unable to obtain long-term 
financing from ordinary sources, (ii) the Issuer is unable to meet the liquidity requirement set out in the Covered 
Bond Act if it makes payments towards the principal and interest of the maturing Covered Bonds and that the 
extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds does not affect the sequence in which the Issuer’s Covered Bonds 
from the same Cover Asset Pool are maturing. 
If the FIN-FSA determines that the conditions for extension of the Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds have 
been fulfilled and it gives its approval to the extension, its resolution shall indicate the extended Maturity Date 
of the Covered Bonds and the date on which the Covered Bonds will then be due and repayable for the purposes 
of these General Terms and Conditions, provided that the maturity of any Covered Bond may not be extended 
beyond the date falling twelve (12) months after the Maturity Date. In that event, the Issuer may redeem all or 
any part of the nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any 
month after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Final Maturity Date. 
The Issuer shall give notice to the holders of the Covered Bonds (in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices)) 
of (a) any resolution of the FIN-FSA to so extend the maturity of the Covered Bonds as soon as practicable 
after any such resolution is made and (b) its intention to redeem all or any of the nominal amount outstanding 
of the Covered Bonds in full at least three Business Days prior to (i) the Maturity Date, where practicable for 
the Issuer to do so and otherwise as soon as practicable after the relevant decision to redeem the Covered Bonds 
(if any) is made or, as applicable (ii) the relevant Interest Payment Date or, as applicable (iii) the Extended 
Final Maturity Date. 
Any failure by the Issuer to so notify such persons shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any such 
extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds or, as applicable, redemption by the Issuer on the Maturity 
Date or, as applicable, the relevant Interest Payment Date or, as applicable, the Extended Final Maturity Date 
or give rise to any such person having any rights in respect of any such redemption but such failure may result 
in a delay in payment being received by a Holder through Euroclear Finland (including on the Maturity Date 
where at least three Business Days’ notice of such redemption is not given to the Holders (in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices))) and Holders shall not be entitled to further interest or any other payment in respect of 
such delay.  
In the case of Covered Bonds which are zero coupon notes up to (and including) the Maturity Date and for 
which an Extended Final Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, for the purposes of this 
Condition 4.2, the nominal amount outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on 
the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance with these 
General Terms and Conditions. 
Any extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds under this Condition 4.2 shall be irrevocable. Where this 
Condition 4.2 applies, any failure to redeem the Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date or any extension of the 
maturity of the Covered Bonds under this Condition 4.2 shall not constitute an event of default for any purpose 
or give any Holder any right to receive any payment of interest, principal or otherwise on the relevant Covered 
Bonds other than as expressly set out in these General Terms and Conditions. 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds under this Condition 4.2, interest rates, 
interest periods and interest payment dates on the Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to 
(but excluding) the Extended Final Maturity Date shall be determined in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms. 
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on an Interest 
Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, the redemption proceeds shall be applied rateably 
across the Covered Bonds and the nominal amount outstanding on the Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the 
level of that redemption.  
If the maturity of the Covered Bonds is extended up to the Extended Final Maturity Date in accordance with 
this Condition 4.2, subject as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, for so long as any of the

--- Page 33 ---
31 
Covered Bonds remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not issue any further Covered Bonds, unless the proceeds 
of issue of such further Covered Bonds are applied by the Issuer on issue in redeeming in whole or in part the 
relevant Covered Bonds the maturity of which has been extended in accordance with this Condition 4.2. 
This Condition 4.2 shall only apply to Covered Bonds for which “Extended Final Maturity” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer does not redeem those Covered Bonds in full on the 
Maturity Date and if the FIN-FSA determines that the conditions for extension of the Maturity Date of the 
Covered Bonds have been fulfilled and it gives its approval to the extension. 
4.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less 
than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to the Holders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Covered Bonds then outstanding on any 
Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any 
such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more 
than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In case 
of a partial redemption of the Covered Bonds, the nominal amount outstanding of each Covered Bond shall be 
reduced pro rata.  
5. Subscription of Covered Bonds 
(A) 
Subscription manner and subscription price and the payment of subscriptions 
Each Series is offered for subscription during the subscription period at the subscription places defined in the 
Final Terms of each Tranche. The Issuer may decide on shortening or lengthening the subscription period. 
The subscription amount is the nominal value of the subscription multiplied by the issue price of the moment 
of subscription. When subscription takes place after the issue date, the accrued interest in accordance with the 
Final Terms for the subscribed amount for the period between the issue date and the payment date of the 
subscription must also be paid (except in case of zero coupon notes).  
When Covered Bonds are subscribed for on any other day than on an interest payment day but after the first 
interest payment day, the subscriber must pay the accrued interest for the period between the beginning of the 
current interest period and the subscription payment day.  
The Issuer does not charge the costs related to the issue or offering of the Covered Bonds from the Holders. 
The Lead Manager(s) and eventual other subscription places may charge such costs, which are based on the 
agreement between the Holder and the Lead Manager(s) or the eventual other subscription place. The eventual 
fees related to subscription are further determined in the Final Terms. 
Approved subscriptions are confirmed after the termination of the subscription period. Subscriptions are to be 
paid in a manner informed in the Final Terms. Subscriptions shall be paid for as instructed in connection with 
the subscription or at the time of the subscription, in each case as stipulated in the relevant Final Terms of a 
Tranche.  
(B) 
Measures in oversubscription and under-subscription situations  
The Issuer has the right to determine separately on the measures in a situation of oversubscription and under-
subscription of a Series. In the event of oversubscription, such measures may include, for example, reducing 
subscriptions in part or in whole. In case the minimum amount of subscriptions is not fulfilled 
(undersubscription), the issue of the Series may be cancelled. It may be stipulated in the Final Terms of a 
Tranche that the issue of a certain Series requires a defined minimum amount of subscriptions or fulfilment of 
another condition. 
The Issuer has the right to raise the amount of offered Covered Bonds of a Series during the subscription period 
or to discontinue the subscription of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 34 ---
32 
Notice of cancellation of the issue or suspension of the subscription due to oversubscription is available at the 
subscription places and on the website at https://www.poppankki.fi/en/pop-pankki-ryhma/bonum-bank-
plc/investor-relations. 
If the issue is cancelled or the subscriptions are decreased due to oversubscription, the Issuer shall refund the 
price paid to the account notified by the subscriber within five (5) Business days from the date of the decision 
concerning the cancellation or decrease. 
(C) 
Issue price 
The issue price of the Covered Bonds is fixed or floating and is determined in the Final Terms. In case the issue 
price is floating, the Issuer will determine the issue price on a daily basis throughout the subscription period. 
In case of a floating issue price, the maximum issue price will be determined in the Final Terms. 
(D) 
Subscriber’s cancellation right and discontinuance of acceptance of subscriptions in certain cases 
If the Issuer, during the subscription period of Covered Bonds, or before the Covered Bonds have been admitted 
for public trading, supplements the Base Prospectus due to an error, deficiency or material new information in 
it or publishes a completely updated Base Prospectus during the above-mentioned period, a subscriber, who 
has made a subscription in an offer of securities to the public before the publication of a supplement or before 
the publication of the updated base prospectus, has the right, according to Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended) (the “Prospectus Regulation”), to cancel his subscription within at least three (3) 
Business Days from the publication of the supplement or the update. However, the cancellation right only 
exists if the error, deficiency or material new information arose or was noted before the delivery of the Covered 
Bonds to the subscribers in accordance with Condition 6 (Delivery of Covered Bonds). The supplemented Base 
Prospectus or a completely updated prospectus and information on the time limit for cancellation and the 
procedure relating to it are available at subscription places and on the Issuer’s website 
https://www.poppankki.fi/en/pop-pankki-ryhma/bonum-bank-plc/investor-relations. 
The Issuer has the right to discontinue the acceptance of subscriptions immediately when a need to supplement 
the Base Prospectus has become evident. The discontinuance will be announced in the subscription places. 
6. Delivery of Covered Bonds 
Book-entries are registered in the book-entry account informed by the subscriber in a manner announced in 
connection with the subscription and during the time period defined in the Final Terms in accordance with 
legislation regarding the book-entry system and book-entry accounts and the Euroclear Finland Rules. 
7. Security 
The Covered Bonds are covered by the assets that comprise a qualifying cover asset pool maintained by the 
Issuer and entered into the register of Covered Bonds (A) during the MCBA Application Period, in accordance 
with the MCBA and (B) as of the start of the Covered Bond Act Application Period, in accordance with the 
Covered Bond Act.  
8. Interest 
Either a fixed rate or floating rate interest based on a reference rate is paid from time to time on the unamortized 
principal of the Covered Bonds. Interest is paid on due dates of payment of interest defined in the Final Terms. 
Covered Bonds may also be issued as zero coupon notes which will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest.  
8.1 
Fixed rate interest 
Annual interest, specified in the Final Terms, is paid on a note to which this provision is applicable according 
to the Final Terms.

--- Page 35 ---
33 
8.2 
Floating reference rate interest 
Floating interest, which consists of a floating reference rate interest and a margin, is paid on a note to which 
this provision is applicable according to the Final Terms. 
The floating reference rate interest may be EURIBOR or other relevant reference rate, such as STIBOR, 
NIBOR or CIBOR (“OTHER”) if the issuance has been made in other currency than EUR. 
The floating reference interest rate (being either EURIBOR, NIBOR, CIBOR or STIBOR, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) (the “Reference Rate”) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the relevant 
screen page of a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) (the “Relevant Screen Page”), or such 
replacement page on a service which displays the information, as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of 
EURIBOR, Oslo time in the case of NIBOR, Copenhagen time in the case of CIBOR or Stockholm time in the 
case of STIBOR) two applicable Business Days (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) prior to the 
beginning of the interest period. If the interest period does not correspond to any time period provided on the 
designated distributor’s page, the interest is calculated by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two 
reference interest rates closest to the above-mentioned interest period, between which the interest period settles. 
8.3 
Reset Covered Bond Provisions 
This Condition 8.3 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Reset Covered Bond provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. Such Covered Bonds shall bear interest on their outstanding 
principal amount:  
A. from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) until 
(but excluding) the First Reset Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) at the rate per annum 
equal to the Initial Rate of Interest as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
B. from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the “First Reset Period”) or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of 
Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms); and  
C. if applicable, from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but excluding) the first Subsequent Reset 
Date (if any), and each successive period from (and including) any Subsequent Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date (if any) (as specified in the Final Terms, each 
a “Subsequent Reset Period”) or, in the case of the final Subsequent Reset Period, the Maturity Date 
at the rate per annum equal to the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), 
(each “Rate of Interest”) payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and on the Maturity Date. The Rate of Interest shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined. 
For the purposes of this Condition 8.3: 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means either (A) an annual fixed interest rate or (B) the sum of the First Margin 
and the Floating Reference Rate for the First Reset Period, as specified in the Final Terms; 
“Reset Covered Bond” means a Covered Bond on which interest is calculated at reset rates payable in arrear 
on a fixed date or dates in each year and/or at intervals of one, two, three, six or 12 months or at such other 
date or intervals as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Lead Manager(s) (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms); 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; and 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, either (A) an annual 
fixed interest rate or (B) the sum of the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) and the Floating 
Reference Rate for the relevant Subsequent Reset Period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 36 ---
34 
8.4 
Benchmark replacement 
Notwithstanding Condition 8.2 (Floating reference rate interest) above, if the Issuer (in consultation, to the 
extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred, then the 
following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to determine a Successor 
Rate or, alternatively, if the Independent Adviser determines that there is no Successor Rate, an 
Alternative Reference Rate no later than three (3) Business Days prior to the relevant interest 
determination date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the “IA Determination Cut-off 
Date”) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bond for all future 
interest periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 8.4); 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by it 
fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the IA Determination 
Cut-off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (i) above, then the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent 
practicable, with the Calculation Agent and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if the Issuer determines that there is no Successor Rate, 
an Alternative Reference Rate for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Covered Bonds for all future interest periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
8.4; provided, however, that if this sub-paragraph (ii) applies and the Issuer is unable to determine a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the interest determination date (as referred 
to in the relevant final terms) relating to the next succeeding Interest Period in accordance with this 
sub-paragraph (ii), the Rate of Interest applicable to such Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Covered Bonds in respect of a preceding Interest Period 
(though substituting, where a different margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding interest period, the margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, 
in place of the margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period); 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance with the preceding 
provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate for all 
future interest periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 8.4); 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or (if the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine whether an 
Adjustment Spread should be applied) the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread should be applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (B) the quantum of, or 
a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to determine, prior to the interest 
determination date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period, the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(v) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) determines a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Reference Rate or, in each case, any Adjustment Spread in accordance with the above 
provisions, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as the case may 
be), may also, following consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent, specify 
changes to the Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination 
Date, Interest Payment Date, Relevant Screen Page, Relevant Time, Relevant Financial Centre, 
Reference Banks and/or the definition of Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread applicable to the 
Covered Bonds (and, in each case, related provisions and definitions), and the method for determining 
the fallback rate in relation to the Covered Bonds, in order to follow market practice in relation to 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), which changes shall apply to the 
Covered Bonds for all future interest periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 8.4). An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 8.4 shall (in the 
absence of bad faith, gross negligence and wilful misconduct) have no liability whatsoever to the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent or Holders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to

--- Page 37 ---
35 
the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 8.4. No 
Holder consent shall be required in connection with effecting the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), any Adjustment Spread or such other changes, including for the 
execution of any documents, amendments or other steps by the Issuer;  
(vi) 
a Calculation Agent appointed for a Tranche shall (in the absence of bad faith, gross negligence and 
wilful misconduct) have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Independent Adviser or Holders for 
any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any 
determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 8.4; and 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference 
Rate or Adjustment Spread give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (v) 
above to the Calculation Agent and the Holders.  
For the purposes of this Condition 8.4: 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines should be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable), as a result of the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate with the relevant Successor 
Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which:  
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is recommended in relation to the replacement of theReference Rate 
with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an 
Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest in respect of bonds denominated in the Specified 
Currency, where such rate has been replaced by such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent Adviser in its 
discretion (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) in its discretion (as applicable) determines is most comparable to the relevant 
Reference Rate; 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if 
available) that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines has replaced the relevant 
Reference Rate in customary market usage for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest in respect 
of bonds denominated in the Specified Currency or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser in its discretion (in consultation 
with the Issuer) or the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) in its discretion 
(as applicable) determines is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate; 
“Benchmark Event” means: the relevant Reference Rate  
(i) 
has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be 
calculated or administered; or  
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that it will cease publishing 
such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator 
has been appointed that will continue publication of such Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that such 
Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or

--- Page 38 ---
36 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that means 
that such Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences; or  
(v) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due 
to be made to any Holder using the relevant Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable); 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the international capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense;  
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in respect 
of the Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of these terms and conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency to which 
such reference rate relates, or any other central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request 
of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency to 
which such reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities, (d) the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. or any part thereof, or (e) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
“Successor Rate” means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if available) that the 
Independent Adviser or (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines is a successor to or replacement of the relevant Reference Rate (for the avoidance of 
doubt, whether or not such Reference Rate has ceased to be available) which is recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
8.5 
Minimum and/or the maximum amount of interest 
A minimum or a maximum amount or both for the interest mentioned in Condition 8.2 (Floating reference rate 
interest), may be determined in the Final Terms. 
9. Interest period 
Interest period means each period of time, for which the interest is calculated. The first interest period begins 
on the issue date or on any other date as specified in the applicable Final Terms and ends on the following 
interest payment date specified in the Final Terms. Each following interest period begins on the previous 
interest payment date and ends on the following interest payment date. Interest accrues for each interest period 
including the first day of the interest period and excluding the last day of the interest period. 
10. The Day Count Fraction 
The Day Count Fraction applied to the Covered Bonds is defined in the Final Terms and it may be: 
(a) 
“Actual/Actual (ICMA)”, where the actual days of the interest period are divided by the 
number which is received by multiplying the actual days of the interest period with the 
amount of interest periods included in a year (possible irregular interest periods form an 
exception); 
(b) 
“Actual/Actual (ISDA)”, where the actual days of the interest period are divided on other 
years than leap years by 365 and on leap years by 366. If the interest period is only 
partially extended to a leap year, the interest period is divided into two parts, to which the

--- Page 39 ---
37 
previously explained principles will be applied and the total amount of interests are 
combined; 
(c) 
“Actual/365”, where the actual days of an interest period are divided by 365;  
(d) 
“Actual/360”, when the actual days of an interest period are divided by 360; 
(e) 
“30E/360” or “Eurobond rule”, where the interest year is combined of 12 30 day months 
(however so, that when the last day of the last interest period is the last day of February, 
February is not changed to a 30 day month), which are divided by 360; or 
(f) 
“30/360”, where the interest year has 360 days and the interest month has 30 days. 
11. Business Day Convention 
The Business Day convention is defined in the Final Terms, according to which the interest payment date will 
be postponed if it is not a Business Day, by choosing one of the following: 
(g) 
“Following”, where the interest payment date is the nearest following Business Day; 
(h) 
“Modified Following”, where the interest payment date is the nearest following Business 
Day, except if the following Business Day is in the next calendar month, then the interest 
payment date is the previous Business Day; or 
(i) 
“Preceding”, where the interest payment date is the previous Business Day. 
The change of the payment date of the interest of a fixed interest note does not affect the amount of interest to 
be paid on the share of the note. 
The change of the payment date a floating rate interest influences the length of the interest period and, by 
implication, the amount of the interest to be paid on the share of the note.  
“Business Day” means a day when 
(j) 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business in Finland and the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express (TARGET 2) System is open, and 
(k) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant currency. 
12. Payment of interest 
Interest is paid on the days which are defined in the in the Final Terms. The payment is to be paid according to 
legislation regarding the book-entry system and book-entry accounts and according to the rules and decisions 
of Euroclear Finland to the Holder, who is entitled to receive the payment according to the book-entry account 
information. 
13. Bondholders’ Meeting and Procedure in Writing 
The Issuer may convene a meeting of Holders (hereinafter “Bondholders’ Meeting”) or request a procedure 
in writing among the Holders (a “Procedure in Writing”) to decide on amendments of these General Terms 
and Conditions or other matters as specified below. Euroclear Finland must be notified of the Bondholders’ 
Meeting or a Procedure in Writing by the Issuer in accordance with the Euroclear Finland Rules. 
Notice of a Bondholders’ Meeting and the initiation of a Procedure in Writing shall be provided to the Holders 
in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Bondholders’ Meeting 
or the last day for replies in the Procedure in Writing, and shall include information on the date, place and 
agenda of the Bondholders’ Meeting or the last day and address for replies in the Procedure in Writing (or if 
the voting is to be made electronically, instructions for such voting) as well as instructions as to any action

--- Page 40 ---
38 
required on the part of a Holder to attend the Bondholders’ Meeting or to participate in the Procedure in 
Writing. 
Only those who, according to the register kept by Euroclear Finland in respect of the Covered Bonds, were 
registered as Holders on the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to the Bondholders’ Meeting or the last day for 
replies in the Procedure in Writing on the list of Holders to be provided by Euroclear Finland in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices), or proxies authorised by such Holders, shall, if holding any of the principal 
amount of the relevant Series at the time of the Bondholders’ Meeting or the last day for replies in the Procedure 
in Writing, be entitled to vote at the Bondholders’ Meeting or in the Procedure in Writing and shall be recorded 
in the list of the Holders present in the Bondholders’ Meeting or participating in the Procedure in Writing.  
The Bondholders’ Meeting must be held in Helsinki and the chairman of the meeting shall be appointed by the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer. 
A Bondholders’ Meeting or a Procedure in Writing shall constitute quorum only if two or more persons present 
hold or represent at least fifty (50) per cent or one (1) Holder holding one hundred (100) per cent of the principal 
amount of the Series for the time being outstanding attends the Bondholders’ Meeting or provides replies in 
the Procedure in Writing. 
If, within thirty (30) minutes after the time specified for the start of a Bondholders’ Meeting, a quorum is not 
present, any consideration of the matters to be dealt with at the meeting may, at the request of the Issuer, be 
adjourned for consideration at a meeting to be convened on a date no earlier than fourteen (14) calendar days 
and no later than twenty-eight (28) calendar days after the original meeting, at a place to be determined by the 
Issuer. Correspondingly, if by the last day to reply the Procedure in Writing constitutes no quorum, the time 
for replies may be extended as determined by the Issuer.  
The quorum for an adjourned Bondholders’ Meeting or the extended Procedure in Writing will be at least 
twenty-five (25) per cent of the principal amount of the Series for the time being outstanding. 
Notice of an adjourned Bondholders’ Meeting or in the Procedure in Writing, information regarding the 
extended time for replies, shall be given in the same manner as notice of the original Bondholders’ Meeting or 
the Procedure in Writing. The notice shall also state the requirements for the constitution of a quorum. 
Voting rights of Holders shall be determined according to the principal amount of the Covered Bonds held.  
The Issuer and any companies belonging to Group shall not hold voting rights at any Bondholders’ Meeting or 
Procedure in Writing. Resolutions shall be carried by a majority of fifty (50) per cent of the votes cast. In the 
event of a tied vote, the chairman of the Bondholders’ Meeting shall have the casting vote. A representative of 
the Issuer and a person authorised to act for the Issuer may attend and speak at a Bondholders’ Meeting. 
A Bondholders’ Meeting or a Procedure in Writing is entitled to make the following decisions that are binding 
on all Holders: 
(a) 
to change the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds, including to approve any 
proposal by the Issuer for any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise of any 
of the Final Terms or any arrangement in respect of the obligations of the Issuer under or 
in respect of the Covered Bonds; and 
(b) 
to waive any breach or authorise any proposed breach by the Issuer of its obligations 
under or in respect of the Covered Bonds; 
provided, however, that consent of at least seventy-five (75) per cent of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Series for the time being outstanding is required to: 
(c) 
decrease the principal amount of or interest on Series;  
(d) 
extend the term of Covered Bonds; 
(e) 
amend the requirements for the constitution of a quorum at a Bondholders’ Meeting or 
Procedure in Writing; or

--- Page 41 ---
39 
(f) 
amend the majority requirements of the Bondholders’ Meeting or Procedure in Writing. 
The consents may be given at a Bondholders’ Meeting, in the Procedure in Writing or by other verifiable means 
in writing. 
The Bondholders’ Meeting and the Procedure in Writing may authorise a named person to take necessary action 
to enforce the decisions of the Bondholders’ Meeting or of the Procedure in Writing. 
Resolutions passed at a Bondholders’ Meeting or in the Procedure in Writing shall be binding on all Holders 
of the relevant Series irrespective of whether they have been present at the Bondholders’ Meeting or 
participated in the Procedure in Writing. A Holder is considered to have become aware of a resolution of a 
Bondholders’ Meeting and a Procedure in Writing when a decision has been recorded on the issue account of 
the Covered Bonds. In addition, Holders are obligated to inform subsequent transferees of Covered Bonds of 
resolutions made at a Bondholders’ Meeting and a Procedure in Writing. A Bondholders’ Meeting’s or 
Procedure in Writing’s resolutions must also be informed to Euroclear Finland in accordance with Euroclear 
Finland Rules. For the sake of clarity, any resolution at a Bondholders’ Meeting or in a Procedure in Writing, 
which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits 
of the Issuer, shall be subject to the consent of the Issuer.  
If required, the Issuer may amend and/or restate these General Terms and Conditions, and execute any 
documents required, without further Holder’s consent in order to reflect that the Covered Bonds are covered 
(A) during the MCBA Application Period, in accordance with the MCBA and (B) as of the start of the Covered 
Bond Act Application Period, in accordance with the Covered Bond Act into which the applicable law in 
relation to the Covered Bonds then changes from the MCBA for the purpose of aligning the these General 
Terms and Conditions with the Covered Bond Act. For the avoidance of doubt, no separate decision by the 
Holders on a Holders’ Meeting or Procedure in Writing shall be required in order to effect the aforementioned 
amendments and/or restatements. 
14. Repurchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiary may at any time purchase Covered Bonds at any price in the open market or 
otherwise. Such Covered Bonds may be held, reissued, resold or cancelled.  
15. Force majeure 
Neither the Issuer, the subscription place, the Issuer Agent, the Paying Agent nor the account operator is 
responsible for any damage arising out of:  
(a) 
an act of an authority, war or threat of war, revolt, civil disturbance, or any act of terror 
or any pandemic or global disease; 
(b) 
disturbance in postal or telephone traffic, electronic communication, or supply of 
electricity that is beyond the control of and that has an essential impact on the operations 
of the Issuer, other subscription place, the Issuer/Paying Agent or the account operator; 
(c) 
interruption or delay of action or measure of the Issuer, other subscription place, the 
Issuer/Paying Agent or the account operator that is caused by fire of equivalent accident; 
(d) 
strike or other industrial action which has an essential impact to the operations of the 
Issuer, other subscription place, the Issuer/Paying Agent or the account operator, even 
when it only concerns a part of the personnel of the above-mentioned entities and 
irrespective of whether the above-mentioned entities are involved in it or not;  
(e) 
an act of God (such as, but not limited to, fires, explosions, earthquakes, drought, tidal 
waves and floods); or 
(f) 
other equivalent force majeure or any similar reason that causes unreasonable difficulty 
for the operations of the Issuer, other subscription place, the Issuer/Paying Agent or the 
account operator.

--- Page 42 ---
40 
16. Statute of limitations 
If a payment due and payable has not been demanded to be paid within three (3) years of its due date, the right 
to receive payment has lapsed. 
17. Further issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of and notice to the Holders, create and issue further 
notes having the same terms and conditions as the Covered Bonds in all respects (or in respects except for the 
first payment of interest on them, the issue price and/or the minimum subscription amount thereof) so as to 
form a single series with the Covered Bonds of such series provided that the date on which the Covered Bonds 
become fungible is set out in the Final Terms of such further notes. 
18. Notices 
Holders shall be advised of matters relating to the Covered Bonds by a stock-exchange release, a notice 
published on the official website of the Issuer or a notice published in Helsingin Sanomat or any other major 
Finnish national daily newspaper selected by the Issuer. The Issuer may deliver notices on the Covered Bonds 
in writing directly to the Holders at the address appearing on the list of the Holders provided by Euroclear 
Finland in accordance with the below paragraph (or e.g. through Euroclear Finland’s book-entry system or 
account operators of the book-entry system). Any such notice shall be deemed to have been received by the 
Holders when published in the manner specified in this Condition Error! Reference source not found. Any d
isclosures required by the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (“MAR”) shall be made by means of 
a stock exchange release. 
The address for notices to the Issuer is as follows: 
POP Mortgage Bank Plc 
Hevosenkenkä 3 
FI-02600 Espoo 
Finland   
19. Other provisions 
The Issuer is entitled to, without the consent of a Bondholders’ Meeting or Procedure in Writing under 
Condition 13 (Bondholders’ Meeting and Procedure in Writing) of these General Terms and Conditions, make 
appropriate changes to the Final Terms if such changes do not weaken the position of the Holders. The Issuer 
must notify the Holders of the amendments to the Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
Such changes may be for example: 
(b) 
changes resulting from the development of the book-entry system; or 
(b) 
correcting minor typing errors. 
20. Right to receive knowledge 
Notwithstanding any secrecy obligation, the Issuer shall, subject to the Euroclear Finland Rules and applicable 
laws, be entitled to obtain information of the Holders from Euroclear Finland and Euroclear Finland shall be 
entitled to provide such information to the Issuer. Furthermore, the Issuer shall, subject to the Euroclear Finland 
Rules and applicable laws, be entitled to acquire from Euroclear Finland a list of the Holders and the Issuer 
may pass on such information to the Issuer Agent. Further, the Issuer may provide the FIN-FSA or the Stability 
Authority with the information of the Holders, if required by applicable laws. 
21. Applicable law and jurisdiction 
The Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection herewith, are governed 
by, and will be construed in accordance with, Finnish law.

--- Page 43 ---
41 
Any disputes relating to the Covered Bonds shall be settled in the first instance at the District Court of Helsinki 
(in Finnish: Helsingin käräjäoikeus).

--- Page 44 ---
42 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
POP Mortgage Bank Plc 
EUR [●] Covered Bonds Due [●] 
under the EUR [●] Programme for the Issuance of Covered Bonds 
Terms and Conditions 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: The Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in point 
e) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS: The Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate [and (iii) the negative target market 
for the Covered Bonds is clients that seek full capital protection or full repayment of the amount invested, are fully risk 
averse/have no risk tolerance or need a fully guaranteed income or fully predictable return profile]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
Lead Manager(s) target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the Lead Manager(s) target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); or 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds 
(a “distributor”)/distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 45 ---
43 
These Final Terms have been drawn in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and they are to be 
read together with the Base Prospectus regarding programme for the Issuance of Covered Bonds by POP Mortgage Bank 
Plc (the “Issuer”) dated [●] [and the supplement[s] to it dated [●] and [●]] (the “Base Prospectus”) (the “Programme”). 
Unless otherwise stated in these Final Terms, the General Terms and Conditions of the Programme shall apply. 
The complete information regarding the Issuer and the Covered Bonds may be found in the Base Prospectus, including 
documents incorporated into it by reference, and in these Final Terms. 
The Base Prospectus [, the supplement[s] dated [●] and [●]] and the Final Terms are available at the web page of POP 
Mortgage Bank Plc at https://www.poppankki.fi/en/investors/information-for-investors/investor-relations and at request 
from POP Mortgage Bank Plc or at the subscription places mentioned in the Final Terms. 
[EVEN THOUGH THE AMOUNT TO BE REPAID IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF 
THE COVERED BONDS IS THE NOMINAL VALUE OF THE COVERED BONDS, THE INVESTOR MAY LOSE 
PART OF THE SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, IF THE COVERED BONDS ARE SUBSCRIBED ABOVE NOMINAL 
VALUE AND THE AMOUNT OF THE SUBSCRIPTION FEE, IF APPLICABLE.] 
Name and number of the Series: 
[●] 
Tranche number: 
[●] / [Not applicable] 
[Date on which the Covered Bonds become fungible: 
[Not applicable]/[The Covered Bonds shall be 
consolidated, form a single series and be interchangeable 
for trading purposes with the Tranche [ ] on [insert date]] 
 
Lead Manager(s): 
[Name and Address] 
Subscription place(s) of this Series: 
[Name and Address / Not applicable] 
Issuer Agent and Paying Agent: 
[Name and Address] 
Calculation Agent: 
[Name and Address] / [The Issuer acts as the calculation 
agent] 
Interests 
of 
the 
Arranger/Lead 
Manager(s)/other 
subscription place/other parties taking part in the issue: 
[The customary sector connected commercial interest / 
possible other interest]  
Principal and currency of the Covered Bonds: 
[EUR] [●] / [other currency] [●]. [Final Principal is to be 
confirmed by the Issuer] 
Number of book-entry units: 
[●] 
Form of the Covered Bonds: 
Book-entry securities of Euroclear Finland’s Infinity 
book-entry security system 
Denomination of book-entry unit: 
[●] 
The minimum amount of Covered Bonds to be offered for 
subscription: 
 
[●]/ [Not applicable]  
Subscription fee: 
[The Lead Manager(s) [and potential other subscription 
places] do not charge the costs related to issuing the 
Covered Bonds from the Holders / [●] charges [●] from 
the Holders as a cost related to offering the Covered 
Bonds] 
Payment of subscription: 
[Subscriptions shall be paid for as instructed in connection 
with the subscription] / [The subscription shall be paid at 
the time of the subscription]

--- Page 46 ---
44 
Issue date:  
[●] 
Issue price: 
[The issue price is fixed: [●]] / [The issue price is floating 
and will not exceed [●]] 
Amount and manner of redemption: 
The nominal amount of principal of the Covered Bond 
[The Covered Bonds will be repaid in one instalment.] 
[The Covered Bonds will be repaid in several instalments 
[define the amounts of the instalments].] 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
i) 
[Optional Redemption Date(s):] 
[●] 
ii) [Optional Redemption Amount:] 
[●]  
iii) [If redeemable in part: 
 
a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
b) Maximum Redemption Amount:] 
[●] 
iv) [Notice periods:] 
[Minimum period: [●] days 
 
Maximum period: [●] days] 
Maturity Date:  
[●] 
Extended Final Maturity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[Extended Final Maturity Date:] 
[Insert Extended Final Maturity Date] 
[Until the last day of the MCBA Application Period that 
is the date after which the MCBA shall cease to apply 
In accordance with Condition 4, if the Issuer notifies the 
Issuer Agent that it will fail to redeem the Covered Bonds 
in full on the Maturity Date [or within two Business Days 
thereafter,] the maturity of the nominal amount 
outstanding of the Covered Bonds will be extended 
automatically to the Extended Final Maturity Date. In that 
event, the interest rate payable on, and the Interest Periods 
and Interest Payment Dates, in respect of the Covered 
Bonds, will change from those that applied up to the 
Maturity Date and the Issuer may redeem all or part of the 
nominal amount outstanding of those Covered Bonds on 
an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the 
Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Final 
Maturity Date, all in accordance with Condition 4.] 
[As of the start of the Covered Bond Act Application 
Periodin accordance with the Covered Bond Act 
In accordance with Condition 4, if the Issuer notifies the 
Issuer Agent that it will fail to redeem the Covered Bonds 
in full on the Maturity Date [or within two Business Days 
thereafter,] the maturity of the nominal amount

--- Page 47 ---
45 
outstanding of the Covered Bonds will be extended 
automatically to the Extended Final Maturity Date. In that 
event, the interest rate payable on, and the Interest Periods 
and Interest Payment Dates, in respect of the Covered 
Bonds, will change from those that applied up to the 
Maturity Date and the Issuer may redeem all or part of the 
nominal amount outstanding of those Covered Bonds on 
an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the 
Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Final 
Maturity Date, all in accordance with Condition 4.] 
In accordance with Condition 4, if the Issuer applies for 
the approval of the FIN-FSA at the latest on the fifth (5th) 
Business Day before the Maturity Date that the Maturity 
Date of the Covered Bonds and the date on which the 
Covered Bonds will be due and repayable should be 
extended by the FIN-FSA up to but no later than the 
Extended Final Maturity Date due to the reason that (i) the 
Issuer is unable to obtain long-term financing from 
ordinary sources, (ii) the Issuer is unable to meet the 
liquidity requirement set out in the Covered Bond Act if it 
makes payments towards the principal and interest of the 
maturing Covered Bonds and that the extension of 
maturity of the Covered Bonds does not affect the 
sequence in which the Issuer’s Covered Bonds from the 
same Cover Asset Pool are maturing, and if the FIN-FSA 
determines that the conditions for extension of the 
Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds have been fulfilled 
and it gives its approval to the extension, the resolution of 
the FIN-FSA shall indicate the extended Maturity Date of 
the Covered Bonds and the date on which the Covered 
Bonds will then be due and repayable. In that event, the 
Issuer may redeem all or any part of the nominal amount 
outstanding of the Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment 
Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to 
and including the Extended Final Maturity Date, all in 
accordance with Condition 4.] 
Interest: 
[Define here, if the Covered Bonds are so-called zero-
coupon Covered Bonds, or which general note terms, 
either Condition 8.1 (Fixed interest rate) or Condition 8.2 
(Floating reference rate interest), is applied and include 
required details as follows:] 
[Condition 8.1 (Fixed interest rate):] 
[Interest rate] [●] 
[The date when the first interest period starts, if not the 
same as the issue date] 
[Interest payment date(s): [●] each year commencing on 
[●] until the Maturity] 
[Condition 8.2 (Floating reference rate interest):] 
[EURIBOR] [OTHER: STIBOR/CIBOR/NIBOR] of [●] 
months

--- Page 48 ---
46 
[Margin] [●] 
[The date when the first interest period starts, if not the 
same as the issue date] 
[Interest payment date(s): [●] each year commencing on 
[●] until the Maturity] 
Reset Covered Bond provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
i) 
[Initial Rate of Interest:] 
[[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date]] 
ii) 
[First Margin:] 
[[±][●] per cent. per annum] 
iii) 
[Subsequent Margin:] 
[[±][●] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable] 
iv) 
[Interest Commencement Date:] 
[●] 
v) 
[Interest Payment Date(s):] 
[[●] [and [●]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [[in each case,] subject to adjustment in 
accordance with item xi]] 
vi) 
[First Reset Date:] 
[●] [subject to adjustment in accordance with item x] 
vii) 
[Second Reset Date:] 
[Not Applicable /] [●] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with item x] 
viii) 
[First Reset Rate of Interest:] 
[either (A) an annual fixed interest rate or (B) the sum of 
the First Margin and the Floating Reference Rate for the 
First Reset Period ] 
ix) 
[Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest:]  
[Not Applicable /] [either (A) an annual fixed interest rate 
or (B) the sum of the First Margin or Subsequent Margin 
(as applicable) and the Floating Reference Rate for the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Period] 
x) 
[Subsequent Reset Period:] 
[Not Applicable /] [●] 
xi) 
[Subsequent Reset Date(s):] 
[Not Applicable /] [●] [and [●]]  
xii) 
[Floating Reference Rate:] 
[●] 
xiii) 
[Relevant Screen Page:] 
[●] 
xiv) 
[Day Count Fraction:] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA / ISDA); Actual/365; Actual/360, 
Eurobond rule or 30/360] / [Not applicable] 
Day Count Fraction 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA / ISDA); Actual/365; Actual/360, 
Eurobond rule or 30/360] / [Not applicable] 
Minimum/maximum amount of interest: 
[Applicable / Not applicable. If applicable, define 
minimum/maximum amount] 
Business Day convention: 
[Following 
/ 
Modified 
Following 
/ 
Preceding], 
[adjusted]/[unadjusted]

--- Page 49 ---
47 
Business Day: 
Helsinki and [TARGET 2 / insert financial centre of the 
currency] 
Delivery of book-entry securities: 
The time when the book-entry securities are recorded in 
the book-entry security accounts specified by the 
subscribers is estimated to be [●] 
Relevant benchmark: 
[[CIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[STIBOR] is provided 
by [administrator legal name]][repeat as necessary]. As at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as necessary] in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmark 
Regulation] ]/[Not Applicable] 
LEI code of the Issuer: 
743700I7HTCNLUBZTZ74 
ISIN code of the Series of the Covered Bonds: 
[●] 
Extended Final Maturity Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable (from and including) the Maturity Date to 
(but excluding) the Extended Final Maturity Date / Not 
Applicable] 
a) Fixed Rate Provisions: 
 
i) 
[Rate of interest:] 
ii) 
[Interest Payment Dates:] 
iii) 
[Day Count Fraction:] 
 
iv) 
[Minimum/maximum amount of interest:] 
 
v) 
[Business Day Convention:] 
 
 
b) Floating Rate Provisions: 
 
i) 
[Rate of interest:] 
 
 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs) 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs) 
[●] day of each month, commencing on [●]  
[[Actual/Actual (ICMA / ISDA); Actual/365; Actual/360, 
Eurobond rule or 30/360] / [Not applicable]] 
[Applicable / Not applicable. If applicable, define 
minimum/maximum amount] 
 
[Following / Modified Following / Preceding], [adjusted] 
/ [unadjusted] 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs) 
[EURIBOR] [OTHER: STIBOR/CIBOR/NIBOR] [of [●] 
months] 
[Margin [●]] 
[Regarding OTHER: for each interest period the OTHER 
interest will be defined two (2) [●] Business Days before 
the start of the interest period in question.] 
[    ]

--- Page 50 ---
48 
ii) 
[Interest Payment Dates:] 
iii) 
[Day Count Fraction:] 
iv) 
[Minimum/maximum amount of interest:] 
v) 
[Business Day Convention:] 
[    ] 
[[Actual/Actual (ICMA / ISDA); Actual/365; Actual/360, 
Eurobond rule or 30/360] ] 
[Applicable / Not applicable. If applicable, define 
minimum/maximum amount] 
[Following / Modified Following / Preceding], [adjusted] 
/ [unadjusted] 
 
Other Information 
This information of the Tranche is presented in connection with the issue of each Tranche. 
Decisions and authority based on which Covered Bonds 
are issued: 
[Based on the authorisation dates [●] of the Issuer’s Board 
of Directors / Based on the resolution of the Issuer’s Board 
of Directors dated on [●]] 
Subscription period: 
[●] 
Condition for executing the issue: 
[●] / [Not applicable] 
Yield: 
[The effective interest yield to the investor on the issue 
date, when the issue price is 100 per cent, is [●] per cent / 
[zero coupon]] / [Not applicable] 
An estimate of the principal accruing to the Issuer under 
the Covered Bonds: 
[●] per cent of the principal of the Covered Bonds, at 
maximum.  
Estimated total expenses [in relation to admission to 
trading]: 
[●] 
Credit rating of the Covered Bonds: 
[●] / [Not applicable] / [The Covered Bonds are expected 
to be rated by S&P] 
Listing: 
[Shall] / [Shall not] be applied for listing on the Helsinki 
Stock Exchange] 
Estimated time of listing: 
[●]/ [Not applicable] 
Use of proceeds: 
[The net proceeds from the issue of the Covered Bonds 
will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes, which include making a profit.]  
 
 
In Helsinki, on [date] 
 
POP MORTGAGE BANK PLC

--- Page 51 ---
49 
 USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Covered Bonds will be applied by the Issuer towards funding its lending activities in 
accordance with the Covered Bonds Legislation, and the Issuer’s general business principles as outlined in “Description 
of POP Mortgage Bank” including, without limitation, the funding of Intermediary Loans to other members of the Group 
as well as the refinancing of previous issues of Covered Bonds under the Programme.

--- Page 52 ---
50 
FINNISH COVERED BOND ACT 
The following is a brief summary of certain features, on the date of this Base Prospectus, of the Finnish Act on Mortgage 
Credit Banks and Covered Bonds (in Finnish: Laki kiinnitysluottopankeista ja katetuista joukkolainoista 151/2022) (the 
“Covered Bond Act”) that repeals the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity (in Finnish: Laki 
kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010). The summary does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of 
all aspects of the Finnish legislative and regulatory framework for covered notes. Please also refer to the “Risk Factors” 
and “Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity”. The terms defined in this section apply in the context of this section 
only. 
 
Background 
In November 2019, the European Parliament and the Council adopted the Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 (the “Covered Bond Directive”) and the Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019. The Covered Bond Directive and the 
aforementioned regulation came into effect on 7 January 2020.  
 
In Finland, the Covered Bond Directive has been implemented into national legislation by enacting the Covered Bond 
Act. The Covered Bond Act entered into force on 11 March 2022 and the provisions will start to apply on 8 July 2022. 
The Covered Bond Act repeals the MCBA.  
 
Similarly to the MCBA, the Covered Bond Act enables the issue of covered notes (in Finnish: katetut joukkolainat) which 
are debt instruments secured by a cover pool of qualifying assets (the “Cover Asset Pool”). The Covered Bond Act 
regulates which assets can be used as collateral for the covered notes and the quality of such assets. They are issued by 
credit institutions (such as the Issuer) which are authorised to engage in mortgage banking activity (in Finnish: 
kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminta) (each an issuer). 
 
Supervision 
The FIN-FSA is responsible for supervising each issuer’s compliance with the Covered Bond Act and may issue 
regulations for risk management and internal control in respect of mortgage credit business operations. If an issuer does 
not comply with the provisions of the Covered Bond Act or the conditions of the license granted by the FIN-FSA, the 
FIN-FSA shall lay down a period in which the issuer must fulfil any requirements set by the FIN-FSA. If such 
requirements are not fulfilled within the set period, the FIN-FSA may cancel the issuer’s authorisation to engage in 
mortgage credit business. 
 
Authorisation under the Covered Bond Act  
The issuing of covered notes under the Covered Bond Act requires that the issuer has a separate license for mortgage 
banking activity which is applied from the FIN-FSA. Issuers authorised under the MCBA must apply for the license under 
the Covered Bond Act by 31 March 2022. Mortgage credit business is a line of banking business which involves the 
issuing of covered notes on the basis of loans secured by residential property, shares in Finnish housing companies 
(apartments), commercial real estate or shares in real estate companies as well as the acquisition of claims against public-
sector bodies. A credit institution must fulfil certain requirements prescribed in the Covered Bond Act in order to be able 
to obtain authorisation from the FIN-FSA to engage in mortgage credit business. The FIN-FSA shall grant the 
authorization, if, based on the evidence obtained from the credit institution, it can be assured of, among other things, that 
the business plan presented by the issuer is sufficiently comprehensive, that the credit institution has in place suitable 
procedures and instruments for managing the risk entailed in holding the assets in the Cover Asset Pool(s), that mortgage 
banking activity is being conducted in accordance with the Covered Bond Act and the regulations given by virtue of it, 
and that the activity of the credit institution is stable and that its economic position and operational capability are sufficient 
to secure the repayment of covered notes. Moreover, the FIN-FSA shall be assured that the register of covered notes of 
the issuer fulfils the statutory requirements, and the issuer must have principles and policies for valuation of collateral 
and the expertise and professional skill required by mortgage banking activity. Additionally, the FIN-FSA may grant the 
authorization only if it is not aware of anything, pursuant to which the liquidity, solvency, or the economic position 
otherwise or the risk management of the issuer or the debtor of an intermediary loan would be jeopardised. In addition to 
credit institutions authorised separately to engage in mortgage credit business, also mortgage credit banks whose activities 
are exclusively restricted to carrying out mortgage credit business are entitled to issue covered notes after receiving the 
authorization referred to in Section 8 of the Covered Bond Act.

--- Page 53 ---
51 
Register of covered notes 
The Covered Bond Act requires the issuer to maintain a register (the “Register”) for the covered notes and the collateral 
which forms the assets in the Cover Asset Pool for the Covered Bonds. Any intermediary loan shall also be entered in the 
Register. The actual entry of the covered notes and relevant derivative contracts in the Register is necessary to confer the 
preferential right in the Cover Asset Pool. Further, only assets entered into the Register form part of the Cover Asset Pool. 
Changes in the information entered into the Register shall be recorded into the Register without delay.   
The Register must list, amongst other things, the covered notes issued by the issuer and the assets in the Cover Asset Pool 
and Derivative Transactions relating thereto along with any Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans entered into on behalf of the 
issuer. Furthermore, as the issuer is, pursuant to Section 29 of the Covered Bond Act, entitled to use different Cover Asset 
Pools for different covered notes, the Register must also specify which Cover Asset Pools constitute collateral for which 
covered notes. In other words, the collateral shall be entered in the Register as collateral for specified covered notes.  Only 
the issuer or the credit institution being the debtor of an intermediary loan is entitled to provide security to a covered note. 
Moreover, after the commencement of a bankruptcy or a liquidation of the issuer or the debtor of an intermediary loan, 
the funds accrued on the collateral shall be separated from other assets of the credit institution having given the collateral 
in question, and they shall be entered into the Register.  
The FIN-FSA monitors the management of the Register, including the due and proper recording of assets. The information 
in the Register must be submitted to the FIN-FSA regularly. 
Eligible cover pool assets 
The covered notes shall be covered at all times by a specific pool of qualifying assets. Eligible assets which are permitted 
as collateral for covered notes consist of Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans and Substitute Collateral, each as defined 
in the Covered Bond Act as follows: 
Mortgage Loans are Housing Loans or Commercial Real Estate Loans. 
Housing Loans are, provided that the requirements set out in Article 129 of the CRR are met, loans secured by (i) 
mortgageable property for primarily residential purposes referred to in Chapter 16, Section 1 or Chapter 19, Section 1 of 
the Finnish Land Code (Maakaari 540/1995, as amended); or (ii) shares in a housing company referred to in Chapter 1, 
Section 2 of the Finnish Act on Housing Companies (Asunto-osakeyhtiölaki 1599/2009, as amended) or shares 
comparable thereto, participations and rights of occupancy; or (iii) collateral comparable to the aforementioned collateral, 
situated in another State belonging to the European Economic Area. 
Commercial Real Estate Loans are, provided that the requirements set out in Article 129 of the CRR are met, loans 
secured by (i) mortgageable real estate for commercial or office purposes referred to in Chapter 16, Section 1 or Chapter 
19, Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code (Maakaari 540/1995, as amended); or (ii) shares of a housing company or a real 
estate company referred to in Chapter 28, Section 2 of the Finnish Act on Housing Companies (Asunto-osakeyhtiölaki 
1599/2009, as amended) entitling the holder to occupancy of the commercial or office premises; or (iii) collateral 
comparable to the aforementioned collateral, situated in another State belonging to the European Economic Area. For the 
avoidance of doubt, POP Mortgage Bank does not grant Commercial Real Estate Loans that would be part of the Cover 
Asset Pool. 
Public-Sector Loans are loans (i) which have been granted to a state, municipality, central bank or other public-sector 
entity provided that such fulfils the requirements prescribed in Article 129, Paragraph 1, Subparagraph (a) or (b) of CRR 
or (ii) fully collateralised by a guarantee as for its own debt by a public-sector entity referred to in point (i).  
At most 10 per cent of the total nominal amount of collateral in a Cover Asset Pool may consist of Commercial Real 
Estate Loans (unless otherwise agreed in the terms and conditions of the notes) and at most 20 per cent of the total nominal 
amount of collateral in a Cover Asset Pool may consist of Substitute Collateral. The FIN-FSA may grant an exemption 
from the requirement in respect of Substitute Collateral. 
Substitute Collateral may only be used for fulfilling the liquidity requirement and as collateral for covered notes on a 
temporary basis and in the circumstances set out in the Covered Bond Act (see “Substitute Collateral” below).  
Derivative Transactions concluded for hedging against risks related to covered notes must be registered in the Register 
and therefore constitute part of the assets in the Cover Asset Pool.

--- Page 54 ---
52 
Quality of the cover pool assets 
Mortgage lending limit and valuation 
It is not possible to directly record collateral for an individual covered note. Pursuant to the Covered Bond Act, collateral 
shall be included in a Cover Asset Pool and each covered note can simultaneously only belong to one Cover Asset Pool. 
However, an issuer is entitled to cover several covered notes with one Cover Asset Pool.  
A Mortgage Loan entered into the Cover Asset Pool as collateral for a covered note may not exceed the current value of 
the shares, housing property or commercial real estate standing as collateral at the time of recording the asset into the 
Cover Asset Pool. The current value shall be calculated using good property evaluation practice applicable to credit 
institutions in accordance with provisions on the management of capital adequacy and credit risk of credit institutions 
issued by the FIN-FSA. Therefore, the issuer is not obliged to remove a Mortgage Loan from the Cover Asset Pool of a 
specific covered note due to the collateral’s future performance under the Covered Bond Act. Pursuant to the preparatory 
works of the Covered Bond Act, if the issuer technically executes the evaluation of the whole Cover Asset Pool on a 
regular basis, the decisive point of time is considered to be the moment when the collateral was first technically recorded 
in the Cover Asset Pool. Pursuant to section 16 of the Covered Bond Act, the Issuer must also make sure that the risks of 
damages related to the mortgage loans included in the Cover Asset Pool are properly insured. 
Requirements for matching cover 
The Covered Bond Act seeks to protect holders of Covered Bonds by requiring that the outstanding principal amount and 
net present value of the covered notes must be covered at all times by matching assets in the Cover Asset Pool. This is 
achieved by Section 24 of the Covered Bond Act which provides that (a) the total value of Cover Asset Pool must always 
exceed the liabilities under the covered notes and (b) the net present value of Cover Asset Pool must always be at least 2 
per cent above the net present value of the liabilities under the covered notes. Moreover, if the requirements prescribed 
in Article 129, Paragraph 3 a, Subparagraph 3 of CRR are not fulfilled, the net present value of Cover Asset Pool must 
be at least 5 per cent above the net present value of the liabilities. The net present value shall also cover the estimated 
costs in relation winding-down of the covered notes. In calculating the total value of the Cover Asset Pool, the following 
limitations apply: 
1) at most 80 per cent of the underlying value of the shares or the real estate securing each Housing Loan; 
2) at the most 60 per cent of the value of the shares or the real estate securing each Commercial Real Estate Loan; 
and 
3) the book value of the Public-Sector Loans and the Substitute Collateral, 
may be taken into account. 
According to the preparatory works of the Covered Bond Act (Government Proposal 203/2021), the net present value 
means, in respect of (a) covered notes and (b) Mortgage Loans, Public Sector Loans and Substitute Loans, the total value 
of the future discounted cashflows applying the market rate of interest, prevailing from time to time (present value based 
calculation method).  
Requirements relating to liquidity 
Under Section 31 of the Covered Bond Act, the issuer shall ensure that the Cover Asset Pool continuously includes such 
amount of assets fulfilling the requirements prescribed in Section 18, subsections 1 and 2  that covers the maximum net 
outflow connected to covered notes during the upcoming 180-day period (liquidity requirement). In calculating the net 
outflow connected to the covered notes, the issuer may take into account the extension of the maturity of any covered 
notes in accordance with Section 32 of the Covered Bond Act up to the final maturity date. Before the commencement of 
liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings against the issuer or a debtor of an intermediary loan, a mortgage credit bank may, 
in respect of collateral granted by a debtor of an intermediary loan, treat the interest payments on the intermediary loans 
as being the interest accrued from such collateral.  
Determination of requirements under Sections 23 and 31 of the Covered Bond Act 
To determine the value of the Cover Asset Pool in order to provide the matching cover required by Sections 23 and 31 of 
the Covered Bond Act, the issuer shall only take into account:

--- Page 55 ---
53 
(1) 
an amount not exceeding 80 per cent of the current value of the shares or housing property placed as collateral 
for any Housing Loan; 
(2) 
an amount not exceeding 60 per cent of the current value of real estate for commercial or office purposes placed 
as collateral for any Commercial Real Estate Loan; and 
(3) 
the book value of any Public-Sector Loans and Substitute Collateral. 
 
Derivative Transactions concluded in order to hedge the covered notes and any assets provided as collateral for the 
Derivative Transaction shall be taken into account for the purposes of Sections 23 and 31 of the Covered Bond Act. 
Substitute Collateral 
Up to 20 per cent of the aggregate amount of all assets constituting the statutory security for the covered notes conferred 
by the Covered Bond Act may temporarily consist of Substitute Collateral. However, in case Substitute Collateral is used 
to fulfil the liquidity requirement, the limit of 20 per cent of Substitute Collateral does not apply pursuant to Section 22 
of the Covered Bond Act. Substitute Collateral may include: (a) assets qualifying as level 1, level 2A or level 2B assets 
pursuant to the applicable delegated regulation adopted pursuant to Article 460 of CRR; and (b) short-term exposures to 
credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or 2, or short-term deposits to credit institutions that qualify for 
credit quality step 1, 2 or 3, in accordance with point (c) of Article 129(1) of CRR. However, Substitute Collateral may 
not include assets that are issued by the credit institution issuing the covered bonds itself, its parent undertaking, other 
than a public sector entity that is not a credit institution, its subsidiary or another subsidiary of its parent undertaking or 
by a securitisation special purpose entity with which the credit institution has close links. The use of Substitute Collateral 
is regarded as temporary provided that (i) Mortgage Loans or Public-Sector Loans have not yet been granted or registered 
as collateral for the covered notes; or (ii) the total amount of collateral does not fulfil the requirements set out in Chapter 
4 of the Covered Bond Act. The instruments included in Substitute Collateral shall fulfil the requirements prescribed in 
Article 129 of CRR both individually and as a whole, among other limitations set on the aggregated amount of credit 
institution and public sector counterparty risks. 
Extension of maturity (soft bullet) 
Pursuant to Section 32 of the Covered Bond Act, the terms and conditions of a covered note may include a provision that 
enables the issuer to extend the maturity of a covered note subject to certain conditions, including the approval of the 
FIN-FSA. In addition, the conditions for extension of maturity include, among others, that the issuer is unable to obtain 
long-term financing from ordinary sources, the issuer is unable to meet the liquidity requirement set out in the Covered 
Bond Act if it makes payments towards the principal and interest of the maturing covered note and that the extension of 
maturity does not affect the sequence in which the issuer’s covered notes from the same Cover Asset Pool are maturing. 
If the FIN-FSA’s determines that the conditions for extension have been fulfilled and it gives its approval to the extension, 
its resolution shall indicate the applied extended maturity date of such covered notes which shall be a date on or before 
the final extended maturity date specified in the General Terms and Conditions..  
Transitory provisions 
Pursuant to Section 51 of the Covered Bond Act, any covered notes issued in accordance with the MCBA will be governed 
by the provisions effect on the issue date of such covered notes save for certain exceptions set out in Sections 9 and 36 of 
the Covered Bond Act. However, an issuer may choose to apply the provisions of the Covered Bond Act also in respect 
of such covered notes if: 
1) the terms and conditions of the covered notes provide that the instruments are governed by the laws applicable 
from time to time to covered notes; 
2) the terms and conditions of the covered notes allow a change in the applicable law; or 
3) the issuer and the holders of the covered notes specifically agree that the Covered Bond Act applies to such 
covered notes. 
In case an issuer commences to apply the Covered Bond Act to any covered notes issued in accordance with the MCBA, 
it must give one month prior notice to the FIN-FSA and make an announcement thereto including the date on which the 
issuer commences application of the Covered Bond Act to such covered notes to the effect that MCBA cease to apply to 
such covered notes.

--- Page 56 ---
54 
Intermediary loans 
The Covered Bond Act allows deposit banks and credit institutions to participate indirectly in the issue of covered notes 
by means of intermediary loans granted by a mortgage credit bank to such institutions provided that they belong to the 
same consolidation group or amalgamation of deposit banks. The intermediary loan shall be entered in the Register but 
shall not form part of the Cover Asset Pool of the covered notes. In addition, the debtor of the intermediary loan shall 
provide collateral in the form of Mortgage Loans and Public-Sector Loans to be registered in the Register as security for 
the covered notes of the mortgage credit bank. The value of such loans in the Cover Asset Pool shall always exceed the 
principal amount of the intermediary loan. Upon the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer, the estate of the issuer will 
be entitled to collect any proceeds from such loans and enter such proceeds in the Register as security for the covered 
notes. Moreover, the issuer’s estate may demand a transfer of title of the loans to the estate or a named third party.  
The Covered Bond Act prescribes that if a Cover Asset Pool includes credit receivables included in the balance sheet of 
the debtor of an intermediary loan, the mortgage credit bank is responsible for the fact that the Cover Asset Pool 
continuously fulfils the requirements set out in the Covered Bond Act and which are aligned with the terms of the covered 
note. In addition, methods shall be defined in the terms of an intermediary loan to ensure that the Cover Asset Pool 
continuously fulfils the requirements set out in the Covered Bond Act. The issuer shall also ensure in a manner prescribed 
in Section 17 of the Covered Bond Act that the mortgage loans on the balance sheet of the credit institution being the 
debtor of an intermediary loan fulfil the requirements set out in the Covered Bond Act and which are aligned with the 
terms of the covered note. 
Derivatives 
The issuer may enter into Derivative Transactions to hedge against the risks relating to covered notes or their underlying 
collateral. Details of any such derivatives must be entered in the Register. 
Set-off 
A creditor of the issuer may not set-off its claim against a Mortgage Loan or a Public-Sector Loan entered in the Register 
if it is within the scope of the priority of payment of the holders of covered notes as provided for in Section 35 of the 
Covered Bond Act nor against an intermediary loan.  
Prohibition on transfers, pledges, execution and precautionary measures 
The issuer or the debtor under an intermediary loan may not, without the permission of the FIN-FSA, assign or pledge 
Mortgage Loans or Public-Sector Loans which are included in the Cover Asset Pool. A mortgage credit bank may not 
assign or pledge any intermediary loan without the permission of the FIN-FSA. An assignment or pledge violating such 
prohibition shall be void. 
A Mortgage Loan, a Public-Sector Loan or any Substitute Collateral entered in the Register as collateral for a covered 
note or an intermediary loan may not be taken in execution for a debt of an issuer, a deposit bank or a credit institution 
nor may precautionary measures be directed at it. 
Preferential right in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy 
Under Finnish law, “selvitystila” (or liquidation in English) means either a voluntary winding up of a company or a 
winding up pursuant to specific provisions of Finnish law and “konkurssi” (or bankruptcy in English) means the 
mandatory winding up of a company in the event of its insolvency. 
Under Sections 20 and 39 of the Covered Bond Act, notwithstanding the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer, a covered 
note shall be paid until its maturity in accordance with the terms and conditions of the covered note from the funds 
accruing on the Cover Asset Pool of the covered note before other claims. The same applies to Derivatives Transactions. 
The funds accruing from collateral for covered notes after the commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings 
against the issuer shall be entered in the Register as collateral for such covered notes. In bankruptcy proceedings the 
bankruptcy administrator must ensure due maintenance of the Register. Under Section 43 of the Covered Bond Act, the 
bankruptcy administrator in bankruptcy or the liquidator in liquidation have the right, upon demand or approval of the 
supervisor (defined below), to seek for permission to extend the maturity of the Covered Bond if the terms and conditions 
provide the possibility for extension of maturity in accordance with Section 32 explained above. 
Collateral entered in the Register in accordance with the Covered Bond Act may not be recovered pursuant to the Finnish 
Act on Recovery of Assets to a Bankruptcy Estate (Laki takaisinsaannista konkurssipesään 758/1991, as amended).

--- Page 57 ---
55 
Pursuant to Section 20 of the Covered Bond Act, Mortgage Loans are included in the Cover Asset Pool for a covered note 
for their total value. 
What is set out above in respect of Section 20 of the Covered Bond Act applies mutatis mutandis to the counterparties of 
the Derivative Transactions entered in the Cover Asset Pool and to the providers of any loan securing liquidity for the 
issuer in liquidation or bankruptcy (each such loan being a Bankruptcy Liquidity Loan). Parties to Derivative Transactions 
have an equal right with the holders of the covered notes to payment from the funds, entered in the Register as collateral 
for the covered notes, and from the payments relating to them, and accordingly, such Derivative Transactions rank pari 
passu with the covered notes with respect to such assets in the Cover Asset Pool. Counterparties in Bankruptcy Liquidity 
Loans are entitled to payment from the funds included in the Cover Pool only after the receivables referred to in Section 
20 of the Covered Bond Act. 
The bankruptcy administrator may, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA 
(see Management of Cover Pool Assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer), transfer collateral entered in 
the Cover Asset Pool of the relevant covered notes to the issuer’s general bankruptcy estate, if the value and the net 
present value of the Cover Asset Pool, as provided for in Section 45 of the Covered Bond Act, considerably exceed the 
total amount of the covered notes and it is apparent that the collateral to be transferred shall not be necessary to fulfil the 
obligations in respect of the covered notes, Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans. 
Management of Cover Pool Assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer 
When the issuer has entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings, the FIN-FSA shall, without delay, appoint a 
supervisor in accordance with Section 29 of the Finnish Act on the Financial Supervisory Authority (Laki 
finanssivalvonnasta 878/2008, as amended) to protect the interests of creditors of covered notes and creditor entities 
comparable to such and to enforce their right to be heard (a “supervisor”). The supervisor shall, in particular, supervise 
the management of the collateral for the covered notes and their conversion into cash as well as the contractual payments 
to be made to the holders of the covered notes. The person to be appointed as a supervisor shall have sufficient knowledge 
of financing and legal issues with regard to the nature and scope of the duties. The remuneration of the supervisor shall 
be decided by the FIN-FSA, and the issuer is responsible for the payment of the remuneration. The payment of the 
remuneration is secured by the Cover Asset Pool(s). Should the FIN-FSA pay the remuneration on behalf of the issuer, 
the right to claim payment of the remuneration would be transferred to the FIN-FSA and the corresponding priority in 
respect of the Cover Asset Pool would be preserved. The FIN-FSA shall always take steps to appoint a supervisor, when 
the issuer has entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings.  
In bankruptcy proceedings the courts will by operation of law appoint a bankruptcy administrator to administer the 
bankruptcy estate. The Cover Asset Pool will be run by the bankruptcy administrator, but the supervisor will supervise 
the bankruptcy administrator, acting in the interest of the noteholders. Under Section 44 of the Covered Bond Act, a 
bankruptcy administrator shall, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor, conclude Derivative Transactions 
necessary for hedging against risks relating to covered notes and the relevant collateral as well as, where necessary, sell 
a sufficient amount of collateral for the covered note in order to fulfil the obligations relating to the covered note. In 
addition, a bankruptcy administrator shall, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor, have a right to conclude 
contractual arrangements to secure liquidity or take out Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans. 
Funds which accrue on the collateral of covered notes after the commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer 
and the bank accounts related to the collateral and its income shall be entered in the Register under the relevant Cover 
Asset Pool. Correspondingly, a Bankruptcy Liquidity Loan taken under Section 44 of the Covered Bond Act and each 
bank account into which any such funds are deposited shall be entered in the Register. Funds which accrue on the collateral 
of covered bonds, from derivative transactions or from intermediary loans after the commencement of liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Mortgage Bank shall be deposited on an account with the Bank of Finland or with such a deposit bank 
that is not part of the same consolidated group or Amalgamation as the Mortgage Bank. The bank accounts related to the 
collateral and its income shall be entered in the Register under the relevant Cover Pool. Correspondingly, a bankruptcy 
liquidity loan taken under Section 44 of the Covered Bond Act and each bank account into which any such funds are 
deposited shall be entered in the Register. 
If the matching cover requirements of the collateral of a covered note cannot be fulfilled due to the issuer or the debtor of 
an intermediary loan being in bankruptcy or liquidation, the bankruptcy administrator and the liquidator in liquidation 
shall, on the demand or approval of the supervisor, accelerate the covered notes and the intermediary loans connected 
thereto as well as sell the funds being collateral for each covered note for their payment. The bankruptcy administrator or 
the liquidator in liquidation is entitled, upon demand or approval by the supervisor, to apply from the FIN-FSA for a

--- Page 58 ---
56 
permission to extend the maturity of a covered note, if the covered note includes a condition referred to in Section 32 of 
the Covered Bond Act, pursuant to which the issuer can, on the permission granted by the FIN-FSA, extend the maturity 
of the covered note upon fulfilment of the conditions included in Section 32 of the Covered Bond Act. 
A bankruptcy administrator has the right to terminate or transfer a Derivative Transaction to a third party on the demand 
or with the consent of the supervisor, provided that the collateral is transferred or converted into cash, or a right to transfer 
collateral to the counterparty in the Derivative Transaction when the interests of the holder of the covered notes demands 
such and it is reasonable from the perspective of risk management. 
If the requirements for the Cover Asset Pool of the covered notes, as provided for in Sections 23 and 31 of the Covered 
Bond Act, cannot be fulfilled, the bankruptcy administrator must, upon the request or approval of the supervisor, 
accelerate the covered notes and sell the Cover Asset Pool assets in order to pay the covered notes.

--- Page 59 ---
57 
FINNISH ACT ON MORTGAGE CREDIT BANK ACTIVITY 
The following is a brief summary of certain features, on the date of this Base Prospectus, of the Finnish Act on Mortgage 
Credit Bank Activity (in Finnish: Laki kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010) (“MCBA”) which is repealed by the 
Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks and Covered Bonds (in Finnish: Laki kiinnitysluottopankeista ja katetuista 
joukkolainoista 151/2022) on 8 July 2022. The summary does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all 
aspects of the Finnish legislative and regulatory framework for covered notes. Please also refer to “Risk Factors” and 
“Finnish Covered Bond Act”. The terms defined in this section apply in the context of this section only. 
 
General 
The MCBA entered into force on 1 August 2010. It enables the issue of covered notes (in Finnish: katetut joukkolainat) 
which are debt instruments secured by a cover pool of qualifying assets (the “Cover Asset Pool”). The MCBA regulates 
which assets can be used as collateral for the covered notes and the quality of such assets. They are issued by credit 
institutions (such as the Issuer) which are authorised to engage in mortgage banking activity (in Finnish: 
kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminta) (each an issuer). 
 
Supervision 
The FIN-FSA is responsible for supervising each issuer’s compliance with the MCBA and may issue regulations for risk 
management and internal control in respect of mortgage credit business operations. If an issuer does not comply with the 
provisions of the MCBA or the conditions of the license granted by the FIN-FSA, the FIN-FSA shall lay down a period 
in which the issuer must fulfil any requirements set by the FIN-FSA. If such requirements are not fulfilled within the set 
period, the FIN-FSA may cancel the issuer’s authorisation to engage in mortgage credit business. 
 
Authorisation under the MCBA 
Mortgage credit business is a line of banking business which involves the issuing of covered notes on the basis of loans 
secured by residential property, shares in Finnish housing companies (apartments), commercial real estate or shares in 
real estate companies as well as the acquisition of claims against public-sector bodies. A credit institution must fulfil 
certain requirements prescribed in the MCBA in order to obtain authorisation from the FIN-FSA to engage in mortgage 
credit business. The credit institution must, among other things, have in place suitable procedures and instruments for 
managing the risk entailed in holding the assets in the Cover Asset Pool and in issuing covered notes and also prove that 
it intends to engage in mortgage credit business on a regular and sustained basis. The issuer must have put the appropriate 
organisational structure and resources into place. In addition to credit institutions authorised separately to engage in 
mortgage credit business, also mortgage credit banks whose activities are exclusively restricted to carrying out mortgage 
credit business are entitled to issue covered notes. 
Register of covered notes 
The MCBA requires the issuer to maintain a register (the “Register”) for the covered notes and the collateral which forms 
the assets in the Cover Asset Pool for the Covered Bonds. Any intermediary loan shall also be entered in the Register. 
The actual entry of the covered notes and relevant derivative contracts in the Register is necessary to confer the 
preferential right in the Cover Asset Pool. Further, only assets entered into the Register form part of the Cover Asset Pool. 
The Register must list, amongst other things, the covered notes issued by the issuer and the assets in the Cover Asset Pool 
and Derivative Transactions relating thereto along with any Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans entered into on behalf of the 
issuer. All assets entered in the Register shall rank equally as collateral for the covered notes, unless the collateral has 
been entered in the Register as collateral for specified covered notes. If a Mortgage Loan, a Public-Sector or any Substitute 
Collateral (all as defined below) is placed on the Register as collateral for a particular covered note, the Register must 
specify the covered note which this collateral covers. Section 22 of the MCBA requires that the information shall be 
entered in the Register no later than on the first business day following the issue of the covered note and information on 
the granting or acquisition of a Mortgage Loan or Public-Sector Loan or a Substitute Collateral (see Substitute Collateral 
below) which is placed as collateral for the covered notes shall be entered in the Register no later than one day after 
granting or acquiring such collateral. Any changes in such information shall be entered in the Register without delay. A 
Mortgage Loan or a Public-Sector Loan shall be removed from the Register when it has been fully repaid by the relevant 
borrower. A loan shall also be removed from the Register if it can no longer be deemed to be an eligible asset. A Mortgage 
Loan, a Public-Sector Loan or any Substitute Collateral may also be removed from the Register, if, after its removal, the 
remaining Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans and Substitute Collateral entered in the Register are sufficient to meet

--- Page 60 ---
58 
the requirements prescribed in the MCBA. Accordingly, the Cover Asset Pool is dynamic in the sense that an issuer may 
supplement or substitute assets in the Cover Asset Pool. 
The FIN-FSA monitors the management of the Register, including the due and proper recording of assets. The information 
in the Register must be submitted to the FIN-FSA regularly. 
Eligible cover pool assets 
The covered notes shall be covered at all times by a specific pool of qualifying assets. Eligible assets which are permitted 
as collateral for covered notes consist of Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans and Substitute Collateral, each as defined 
in the MCBA as follows: 
Mortgage Loans are Housing Loans or Commercial Real Estate Loans. 
Housing Loans are loans secured by (i) mortgageable property for primarily residential purposes referred to in Chapter 
16, Section 1 or Chapter 19, Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code (Maakaari 540/1995, as amended); or (ii) shares in a 
housing company referred to in Chapter 1, Section 2 of the Finnish Act on Housing Companies (Asunto-osakeyhtiölaki 
1599/2009, as amended) or shares comparable thereto, participations and rights of occupancy; or (iii) collateral 
comparable to the aforementioned collateral, situated in another State belonging to the European Economic Area. 
Commercial Real Estate Loans are loans secured by (i) mortgageable real estate for commercial or office purposes 
referred to in Chapter 16, Section 1 or Chapter 19, Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code (Maakaari 540/1995, as amended); 
or (ii) shares of a housing company or a real estate company entitling the holder to occupancy of the commercial or office 
premises; or (iii) collateral comparable to the aforementioned collateral, situated in another State belonging to the 
European Economic Area. For the avoidance of doubt, POP Mortgage Bank does not grant Commercial Real Estate Loans 
that would be part of the Cover Asset Pool. 
Public-Sector Loans are loans which have been granted to the Republic of Finland, a Finnish municipality or other 
public-sector entity which may, when calculating prudential requirements set out in Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Regulation (EU) 648/2012, be considered equivalent to the Finnish State or Finnish municipality or a credit 
which is fully collateralised by a guarantee granted by a public-sector entity or a claim on such entity. 
At least 90 per cent of the total amount of collateral shall be Housing Loans or Public-Sector Loans or Substitute Collateral 
unless otherwise provided for in the terms and conditions of a covered note. 
Substitute Collateral may only be used as collateral for covered notes on a temporary basis and in the circumstances set 
out in the MCBA (see “Substitute Collateral” below). 
Derivative Transactions concluded for hedging against risks related to covered notes must be registered in the Register 
and therefore constitute part of the assets in the Cover Asset Pool. 
Quality of the cover pool assets 
Mortgage lending limit and valuation 
A Mortgage Loan entered in the Register as collateral for a covered note may not exceed the current value of the shares, 
housing property or commercial real estate standing as collateral. The current value shall be calculated using good 
property evaluation practice applicable to credit institutions in accordance with provisions on the management of capital 
adequacy and credit risk of credit institutions issued by the FIN-FSA. The issuer shall regularly monitor the value of the 
shares, housing property or commercial real estate entered as collateral for the covered notes and revise the value of the 
collateral in accordance with provisions on the management of capital adequacy of credit institutions issued by the FIN-
FSA. 
Requirements for matching cover 
The MCBA seeks to protect covered noteholders by requiring that the outstanding principal amount and net present value 
of the covered notes must be covered at all times by matching assets in the Cover Asset Pool. This is achieved by Section 
16 of the MCBA which provides that (a) the total value of Cover Asset Pool must always exceed the aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of the covered notes and (b) the net present value of Cover Asset Pool must always be at least 2 per cent

--- Page 61 ---
59 
above the net present value of the liabilities under the covered notes. In calculating the total value of the Cover Asset 
Pool, the following limitations apply: 
1) at most 70 per cent of the underlying value of the shares or the real estate securing each Housing Loan; 
2) at the most 60 per cent of the value of the shares or the real estate securing each Commercial Real Estate Loan; 
and 
3) the book value of the Public-Sector Loans and the Substitute Collateral. 
According to the preparatory works of the MCBA (HE 42/2010), the net present value means, in respect of (a) covered 
notes and (b) Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans and Substitute Collateral, the total value of the future discounted 
cashflows applying the market rate of interest, prevailing from time to time.  
Requirements relating to liquidity 
Under Section 17 of the MCBA, the issuer shall ensure that the average maturity date of the covered notes does not exceed 
the average maturity date of the loans entered in the Register. Further, the issuer shall ensure that the total amount of 
interest accrued from the Cover Asset Pool, during any 12-month period, is sufficient to cover the total amount payable 
to the holders of covered notes as interest and to the counterparties of Derivative Transactions as payments under such 
Derivative Transactions. Before the commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings against the issuer or a 
debtor of an intermediary loan, a mortgage credit bank may, in respect of collateral granted by a debtor of an intermediary 
loan, treat the interest payments on the intermediary loans as being the interest accrued from such collateral. 
Determination of requirements under Sections 16 and 17 of the MCBA 
To determine the value of the Cover Asset Pool in order to provide the matching cover required by Sections 16 and 17 of 
the MCBA, the issuer shall only take into account: 
(1) 
an amount not exceeding 70 per cent of the current value of the shares or housing property placed as collateral 
for any Housing Loan; 
 
(2) 
an amount not exceeding 60 per cent of the current value of real estate for commercial or office purposes placed 
as collateral for any Commercial Real Estate Loan; and 
 
(3) 
the book value of any Public-Sector Loans and Substitute Collateral. 
Loans that have been entered in the Register and which must be booked as non-performing loans at the time of review of 
such loans in accordance with the regulations issued by the FIN-FSA, shall no longer be included as Cover Asset Pool in 
calculating the matching cover. 
Derivative Transactions concluded in order to hedge the covered notes and any assets provided as collateral for the 
Derivative Transaction shall be taken into account for the purposes of Sections 16 and 17 of the MCBA. 
Substitute Collateral 
Up to 20 per cent of the aggregate amount of all assets constituting the statutory security for the covered notes conferred 
by the MCBA may temporarily consist of Substitute Collateral, provided that receivables from credit institutions shall 
not exceed 15 per cent (or such larger amount as may be approved by the FIN-FSA on the application of the issuer for a 
specific reason and for a specified period of time), of the total amount of collateral. Substitute Collateral may include: (i) 
bonds and other debt obligations issued by a central government, a municipality or another public-sector entity or a credit 
institution (other than one belonging to the same consolidated group as the Issuer); (ii) guarantees granted by a public-
sector entity or a credit institution referred to in (i) above; (iii) credit insurance given by an insurance company other than 
one belonging to the same “group”, as defined in the Finnish Act on Supervision of Finance and Insurance Groups (in 
Finnish: Laki rahoitus- ja vakuutusryhmittymien valvonnasta 699/2004, as amended), as the issuer; or (iv) assets of the 
issuer deposited in the Bank of Finland or a deposit bank; if the issuer is a deposit bank the deposit may not be in a deposit 
bank belonging to the same consolidated group as the issuer. Substitute Collateral may temporarily be used in situations 
where (i) Mortgage Loans or Public-Sector Loans have not yet been granted or registered as collateral for the covered 
notes; or (ii) the total amount of collateral does not fulfil the provisions provided for in Sections 16 and 17 of the MCBA.

--- Page 62 ---
60 
Intermediary loans 
The MCBA allows deposit banks and credit -institutions to participate indirectly in the issue of covered notes by means 
of intermediary loans granted by a mortgage credit bank to such institutions. The intermediary loan shall be entered in 
the Register but shall not form part of the Cover Asset Pool of the covered notes. In addition the borrower of the 
intermediary loan shall provide collateral in the form of Mortgage Loans and Public-Sector Loans to be registered in the 
Register as security for the covered notes of the mortgage credit bank. The total priority value of such loans in the Cover 
Asset Pool shall always exceed the principal amount of the intermediary loan. Upon the liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
issuer, the estate of the issuer will be entitled to collect any proceeds from such loans and enter such proceeds in the 
Register as security for the covered notes. Moreover, the issuer’s estate may demand a transfer of title of the loans to the 
estate or a named third party. 
Derivatives 
The issuer may enter into Derivative Transactions to hedge against the risks relating to covered notes or their underlying 
collateral. Details of any such derivatives must be entered in the Register. 
Set-off 
A creditor of the issuer may not set-off its claim against a Mortgage Loan or a Public-Sector Loan entered in the Register 
if it is within the scope of the priority of payment of the holders of covered notes as provided for in Section 25 of the 
MCBA nor against an intermediary loan. 
Prohibition on transfers, pledges, execution and precautionary measures 
The issuer or the debtor under an intermediary loan may not, without the permission of the FIN-FSA, assign or pledge 
Mortgage Loans or Public-Sector Loans which are included in the Cover Asset Pool. A mortgage credit bank may not 
assign or pledge any intermediary loan without the permission of the FIN-FSA. An assignment or pledge violating such 
prohibition shall be void. 
A Mortgage Loan, a Public-Sector Loan or any Substitute Collateral entered in the Register as collateral for a covered 
note or an intermediary loan may not be taken in execution for a debt of an issuer, a deposit bank or a credit institution 
nor may precautionary measures be directed at it. 
Preferential right in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy 
Under Finnish law, “selvitystila” (or liquidation in English) means either a voluntary winding up of a company or a 
winding up pursuant to specific provisions of Finnish law and “konkurssi” (or bankruptcy in English) means the 
mandatory winding up of a company in the event of its insolvency. 
Under Section 25 of the MCBA, notwithstanding the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer, a covered note shall be paid 
until its maturity in accordance with the terms and conditions of the covered note from the funds accruing on the Cover 
Asset Pool of the covered note before other claims. The funds accruing from collateral for covered notes after the 
commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings against the issuer shall be entered in the Register as collateral 
for such covered notes. In bankruptcy proceedings the bankruptcy administrator must ensure due maintenance of the 
Register. 
Collateral entered in the Register in accordance with the MCBA may not be recovered pursuant to Section 14 of the 
Finnish Act on Recovery of Assets to a Bankruptcy Estate (Laki takaisinsaannista konkurssipesään 758/1991, as 
amended). 
In respect of each Mortgage Loan included in the Cover Asset Pool for a covered note, the priority of payment right in 
accordance with Section 25 is limited to a maximum amount which corresponds to 70 per cent in respect of Housing 
Loans and to 60 per cent in respect of Commercial Real Estate Loans of the current value of respective collateral for the 
loan as entered in the Register at the time of commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings against the issuer. 
The bankruptcy administrator shall assign the share of payments out of any Mortgage Loan exceeding the preferential 
right to the general bankruptcy estate. According to the preparatory works of the MCBA, payments deriving from loans 
to be booked as non-performing and proceeds from disposal of loans or enforcement of collateral shall nonetheless, firstly 
be used for payment of covered notes up to their preferential portion.

--- Page 63 ---
61 
What is set out above in respect of Section 25 of the MCBA applies mutatis mutandis to the counterparties of the 
Derivative Transactions entered in the Register and to the providers of any loan securing liquidity for the issuer in 
liquidation or bankruptcy (each such loan being a “Bankruptcy Liquidity Loan”). These parties have an equal right with 
the holders of the covered notes to payment from the funds, entered in the Register as collateral for the covered notes, 
and from the payments relating to them, and accordingly, such Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans 
rank pari passu with the covered notes with respect to such assets in the Cover Asset Pool. 
The bankruptcy administrator may, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA 
(see Management of Cover Pool Assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer), transfer collateral entered in 
the Register of covered notes to the issuer’s general bankruptcy estate, if the value and the net present value of the Cover 
Asset Pool, as provided for in Section 16 of the MCBA, considerably exceed the total amount of the covered notes and it 
is apparent that the collateral to be transferred shall not be necessary to fulfil the obligations in respect of the Covered 
Bonds, Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans. 
Management of Cover Pool Assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer 
When the issuer has entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings, the FIN-FSA shall, without delay, appoint a 
supervisor in accordance with Section 29 of the Finnish Act on the Financial Supervisory Authority (Laki 
finanssivalvonnasta 878/2008, as amended) to protect the interests of creditors of covered notes and creditor entities 
comparable to such and to enforce their right to be heard (a supervisor). The supervisor shall, in particular, supervise the 
management of the collateral for the covered notes and their conversion into cash as well as the contractual payments to 
be made to the holders of the covered notes. The person to be appointed as a supervisor shall have sufficient knowledge 
of financing and legal issues with regard to the nature and scope of the duties. 
In bankruptcy proceedings the courts will by operation of law appoint a bankruptcy administrator to administer the 
bankruptcy estate. The Cover Asset Pool will be run by the bankruptcy administrator, but the supervisor will supervise 
the bankruptcy administrator, acting in the interest of the noteholders. Under Section 26 of the MCBA, a bankruptcy 
administrator shall, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor, conclude Derivative Transactions necessary 
for hedging against risks relating to covered notes and the relevant collateral as well as, where necessary, sell a sufficient 
amount of collateral for the covered note in order to fulfil the obligations relating to the covered note. In addition, a 
bankruptcy administrator shall, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor, have a right to conclude contractual 
arrangements to secure liquidity or take out Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans. 
Funds which accrue on the collateral of covered notes after the commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer 
and the bank accounts related to the collateral and its income shall be entered in the Register. Correspondingly, a 
Bankruptcy Liquidity Loan taken under Section 26 of the MCBA and each bank account into which any such funds are 
deposited shall be entered in the Register. 
The bankruptcy administrator may, with the permission of the FIN-FSA, transfer the liability for a covered note and the 
corresponding collateral to another mortgage credit bank, deposit bank or credit institution that has acquired a licence to 
issue covered notes or to a foreign mortgage credit bank which is subject to supervision corresponding to that of the 
MCBA unless the terms of the covered note provide otherwise. 
A bankruptcy administrator has the right to terminate or transfer a Derivative Transaction to a third party on the demand 
or with the consent of the supervisor, provided that the collateral is transferred or converted into cash, or a right to transfer 
collateral to the counterparty in the Derivative Transaction when the interests of the holder of the covered notes demands 
such and it is reasonable from the perspective of risk management. 
If the requirements for the Cover Asset Pool of the covered notes, as provided for in Sections 16 and 17 of the MCBA, 
cannot be fulfilled, the bankruptcy administrator must, upon the request or approval of the supervisor, accelerate the 
covered notes and sell the Cover Asset Pool assets in order to pay the covered notes.

--- Page 64 ---
62 
THE AMALGAMATION ACT 
The following is a brief overview of certain features of the Act on the Amalgamation of Deposit Banks (599/2010, as 
amended) (in Finnish: laki talletuspankkien yhteenliittymästä), (the “Amalgamation Act”) as of the date hereof. The 
overview does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the Finnish legislative and regulatory 
framework for the Amalgamation. 
General 
The Amalgamation Act lays down requirements set for the operations of the POP Bank Centre acting as a central 
institution for the Amalgamation and the companies belonging to the Amalgamation. 
The Amalgamation is formed by the Issuer, the POP Banks, the POP Bank Centre and the companies included in their 
consolidation groups and those credit institutions, financial institutions and service companies in which entities included 
in the amalgamation jointly hold over 50 per cent of the votes. The POP Bank Centre acts as the central institution of the 
Amalgamation. 
Supervision 
The FIN-FSA shall supervise the POP Bank Centre as laid down in the Amalgamation Act and the Act on the Financial 
Supervision Authority. The POP Bank Centre’s Member Credit Institutions and other companies within the 
Amalgamation shall be supervised by the FIN-FSA as laid down in the Amalgamation Act and the Act on the Financial 
Supervision Authority, and by the POP Bank Centre as laid down herein. 
The POP Bank Centre shall exercise oversight to ensure that the companies within the Amalgamation operate in 
accordance with the laws, decrees and regulations issued by the relevant authorities governing financial markets, and their 
own bylaws or articles of association and the instructions issued by the POP Bank Centre by virtue of the Amalgamation 
Act. It is the POP Bank Centre’s duty to supervise the financial position of the companies within the Amalgamation. 
The FIN-FSA oversees the POP Bank Centre so that it controls and supervises the operations of its Member Credit 
Institutions in accordance with the provisions of the Amalgamation Act. 
License of the POP Bank Centre 
The FIN-FSA issued a central institution’s license to the POP Bank Centre on 14 December 2015. 
The FIN-FSA may cancel the central institution’s license unless the POP Bank Centre fulfils the capital requirements laid 
down in section 19 of the Amalgamation Act. Section 19 of the Amalgamation Act sets forth the requirements for the 
financial position of the Amalgamation and requires, inter alia, that the companies within the Amalgamation must 
together have own funds of the minimum amount provided for in Chapter 10, section 1 of the Credit Institutions Act, The 
amount shall be calculated in accordance with what is provided for the calculation of consolidated own funds in CRR. 
Additionally, pursuant to section 26 of the Act on the Financial Supervision Authority, the FIN-FSA may cancel the 
license for example if the essential statutory conditions under which authorisation was granted or business was taken up 
no longer exist, or if the operations of the POP Bank Centre constitute a material breach of the provisions governing 
financial markets or the regulations issued thereunder by the authorities, the terms of authorisation or the rules applicable 
to the operations of the POP Bank Centre. 
The rights and obligations of the POP Bank Centre, based on the provisions of Chapter 5 of the Amalgamation Act, which 
have been established prior to cancellation of the license, shall not expire owing to said cancellation. 
Joint liability of the Amalgamation 
In summary, the Amalgamation Act prescribes the following with respect to the joint liability of the Amalgamation: 
a. 
POP Bank Centre’s liability for debt: The POP Bank Centre must pay to each Member Credit Institution an 
amount that is necessary in order to prevent such Member Credit Institution’s liquidation. The POP Bank Centre 
is responsible for the payments of any debts of a Member Credit Institution that cannot be paid using such 
Member Credit Institution’s own funds. 
b. Joint liability of Member Credit Institutions: A Member Credit Institution must pay to the POP Bank Centre a 
proportionate share of the amount which the POP Bank Centre has paid either to another Member Credit

--- Page 65 ---
63 
Institution as part of the support action described above, or to a creditor of such Member Credit Institution as 
payment of a due debt for which the creditor has not received payment from his debtor. Furthermore, upon the 
insolvency of the POP Bank Centre a Member Credit Institution has an unlimited liability to pay the debts of the 
POP Bank Centre as set out in Chapter 14 of the Act on Cooperatives. 
c. 
Each Member Credit Institution's liability, for the amount which the POP Bank Centre has paid on behalf of one 
Member Credit Institution to its creditors, is divided between the remaining Member Credit Institutions in 
proportion to their last confirmed balance sheet totals. 
d. Member Credit Institution’s obligation to participate in support actions: If the funds of any Member Credit 
Institution fall below the minimum threshold set out in the Credit Institutions Act or the Amalgamation Act, as 
the case may be, the POP Bank Centre is entitled to receive credit from the other Member Credit Institutions by 
collecting additional repayable payments from them to be used to support actions to prevent liquidation of the 
Member Credit Institution whose funds have fallen below the minimum threshold. The annual aggregate amount 
of the payments collected from the Member Credit Institutions on this basis may in each accounting period be a 
maximum amount of 0.5 per cent of the last confirmed balance sheet total of each Member Credit Institution. 
e. 
POP Bank Centre’s liability to pay a Member Credit Institution’s overdue debt: A creditor who has not received 
payment from a Member Credit Institution on a due receivable (principal debt) may demand payment from the 
POP Bank Centre, when the principal debt falls due. As a result, pursuant to the Amalgamation Act, the POP 
Bank Centre is responsible for the payment of such debts. Having made such payment, the POP Bank Centre 
has a right to collect proportionate shares of the payment from Member Credit Institutions as described above in 
paragraph (b). 
The Amalgamation Act is based on the principle that the Amalgamation is structurally stable and permanent. Therefore, 
it is a prerequisite for leaving the membership that the solvency calculated for the Amalgamation will remain above the 
minimum level required by applicable regulation irrespective of such member leaving and after taking into consideration 
any related liabilities. A member that has left the cooperative will be subject to joint liability even after this, if a Member 
Credit Institution or central cooperative are placed into liquidation within five years from the end of the financial year 
following the departure. This period of time is designed to ensure that the Member Credit Institution cannot intentionally 
avoid its joint liability in accordance with law by leaving the central cooperative if another Member Credit Institution is 
threatened by liquidation. 
Entities other than the Member Credit Institutions do not fall within the scope of the joint liability. 
Responsibilities of the POP Bank Centre 
Under the Amalgamation Act, the POP Bank Centre is responsible for issuing guidelines on risk management, good 
corporate governance, internal control and guidelines for the application of uniform accounting principles in preparing 
the consolidated financial statements of the Amalgamation to the Member Credit Institutions, with the aim of ensuring its 
liquidity and capital adequacy. The POP Bank Centre also supervises the Member Credit Institutions’ compliance with 
applicable rules and regulations in respect of their financial position, any regulations issued by the relevant supervising 
authorities, their statutes and articles of association. The obligation to issue guidelines and exercise supervision does not 
however give the POP Bank Centre the power to direct the business operations of the Member Credit Institutions. Each 
Member Credit Institution carries on its business independently within the scope of its own resources. 
Responsibilities of the Member Credit Institutions 
According to section 18 of the Amalgamation Act, a company within the Amalgamation may not, in the course of its 
operations, take any risk of such magnitude that it poses a substantial danger to the consolidated capital adequacy or 
liquidity of the companies within the Amalgamation. 
According to section 19 of the Amalgamation Act, companies within the Amalgamation must together have own funds 
of the minimum amount provided for in Chapter 10, section 1 of the Credit Institutions Act. The amount shall be calculated 
in accordance with what is provided for the calculation of consolidated own funds in the CRR. 
On joint liability of the Member Credit Institutions, see “The Amalgamation Act – Joint liability”.

--- Page 66 ---
64 
Consolidated accounts of the POP Bank Centre and the Member Credit Institutions 
The provisions of the Credit Institutions Act apply to the preparation of the POP Bank Centre’s financial statements and 
consolidated financial statements and audit. A Member Credit Institution is not subject to provisions governing interim 
and annual reports prescribed by Chapter 12, section 12 of the Credit Institutions Act. 
The POP Bank Centre shall prepare its financial statements based on the accounts of its Member Credit Institutions 
consolidated into those of the POP Bank Centre or on the consolidated financial statements, complying with the IFRS. 
The consolidated financial statements also include institutions over which the above-mentioned institutions jointly have 
control as prescribed in the Accounting Act. The Group's financial statements, prepared by the POP Bank Centre, are 
prepared in accordance with the requirements set forth in the Amalgamation Act. In the event that IFRS cannot be applied 
owing to the special structure of the Amalgamation, the POP Bank Centre’s board of directors shall adopt comparable 
accounting standards suited to the structure of the Amalgamation. 
The POP Bank Centre’s auditors shall audit the consolidated financial statements, by complying with the provisions of 
the Credit Institutions Act where applicable, which must be presented and notified to the annual cooperative meeting of 
the POP Bank Centre. 
The Member Credit Institutions shall keep a copy of the financial statements available for public inspection and provide 
copies thereof in compliance with the provisions under Chapter 12, section 11, subsections 2 and 4 of the Credit 
Institutions Act. The financial statements of the POP Bank Centre and its Member Credit Institutions as well as their 
subsidiaries must be combined to form the consolidated interim and annual reports pursuant, as appropriate, to the 
provisions of subsection 2 of the Amalgamation Act and Chapter 12, section 12 of the Credit Institutions Act. The POP 
Bank Centre’s Member Credit Institutions must give a copy of the consolidated interim report to anyone who requests it. 
A Member Credit Institution shall provide the POP Bank Centre with the information necessary for the consolidation of 
accounts. In addition, the POP Bank Centre and its auditor shall have the right to obtain a copy of the documents relating 
to the Member Credit Institution’s audit for carrying out the audit of the consolidated financial statements, 
notwithstanding provisions elsewhere in the law governing confidentiality in respect of the credit institution and its 
auditor. 
Withdrawal and/or expulsion of POP Banks 
In accordance with the Amalgamation Act, a Member Credit Institution may leave the central cooperative by making 
amendments to the relevant provisions of its bylaws or articles of association and by notifying the board of directors of 
the central cooperative of this in writing, provided the combined amount of the owned assets of the companies remaining 
in the Amalgamation remains in compliance with section 19 of the Amalgamation Act after the departure of the Member 
Credit Institution. The decision is only valid if supported by a two thirds majority of the shareholders. Section 19 of the 
Amalgamation Act provides that the amount of own assets required for companies within the Amalgamation is set forth 
in the Credit Institutions Act and calculated in accordance with the CRR. The preservation of solvency must be 
demonstrated with a calculation verified by the central cooperative’s auditors. 
A Member Credit Institution may be expelled from the POP Bank Centre if it has neglected its duties arising from the 
membership or in case it has, irrespective of a warning issued by the board of directors, failed to comply with the 
instructions issued by the POP Bank Centre by virtue of the Amalgamation Act in a manner that significantly endangers 
the management of liquidity or capital adequacy or the application of the standardised accounting policies or supervision 
of compliance with said policies, or in case a Member Credit Institution, otherwise acts in material breach of the 
Amalgamation’s general operating principles adopted by the POP Bank Centre. The decision on the expulsion of a 
Member Credit Institution shall be decided by a general meeting of the POP Bank Centre. The expulsion decision shall 
be valid only if supported by at least a two-thirds vote given by those at a cooperative meeting. 
The provisions of the Amalgamation Act on the payment liability of a Member Credit Institution also apply to a credit 
institution which has left the membership of the central cooperative, if the payment claim is made to the credit institution 
less than five years from the end of the calendar year when the credit institution left the membership.

--- Page 67 ---
65 
REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT 
The following is a summarized presentation of certain aspects of the banking regulatory environment in which the Group 
operates: 
Single Supervisory Mechanism 
The new SSM commenced its operation in November 2014. The SSM is a system of financial supervision comprising the 
ECB and the national competent authorities of participating EU countries. The legal basis for the SSM is the Council 
Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013. The ECB commenced its supervisory role under the SSM on 4 November 2014. Within 
the SSM, the ECB directly supervises so-called significant credit institutions and has an indirect role in the supervision 
of less significant credit institutions. Less significant credit institutions continue to be supervised by their national 
supervisors, in close cooperation with the ECB. The Issuer and the Group are currently classified as less significant credit 
institutions and therefore, are subject to the supervision of the FIN-FSA. 
One of the most significant reforms with respect to the regulation of banks is the capital adequacy requirements imposed 
on European banks. The Capital Requirement Directive and Regulation (CRD IV Directive/CRR) were published in the 
EU Official Journal on 27 June 2013. These rules and regulations implement the Basel III standards within the EU and 
are aimed, for example, at improving the quality of banks’ capital base, reducing the cyclic nature of capital requirements, 
decreasing banks’ indebtedness and setting quantitative limits to liquidity risk. 
The changes brought about by the regulation package may have an impact on the business and productivity of banks. The 
requirements concerning the amount and nature of acceptable capital will have an impact on the amount of equity that 
will be recognised in capital adequacy calculations and will drive the business of banks towards long-term, low-yield 
financing arrangements at the expense of short-term ones and towards searching for new ways to obtain financing. In the 
medium term, therefore, banks must focus on increasing their capital and liquidity, which will reduce dividends and 
restrict the distribution of profits. Increasing the capital and liquidity of the banks will have an adverse impact on the 
productivity of banking. It will also have an impact on capital management, the pricing of products and business, the 
willingness to grant credit and the rearrangement of liabilities. 
The changes brought about by the regulation package may have an impact on the financial position and profitability of 
banks. As the demand for long-term financing increases, the financing available from institutional investors, which are 
generally aiming to reduce their holdings in the finance sector, may prove to be insufficient. More than before, small 
banks will face difficulties in obtaining financing and capital that satisfies the requirements, which will enable larger 
banks to exert control over the market price of financing. Even if the availability of financing could be secured, financing 
may not be available at a reasonable price and under reasonable terms. As a result, some current business models may no 
longer be profitable, and some banks may exit the market, which would reduce competition in the banking sector. 
Major parts of the CRD IV Package governing the capital adequacy and liquidity requirements are already in force in 
Finland and applicable to Finnish credit institutions. However, certain requirements of the CRD IV Package have not yet 
taken full effect, as these requirements are intended to enter into force gradually. It is not possible to predict all the 
potential impacts the CRD IV Package may have on the banking sector before it has been fully implemented. 
On 16 April 2019, the European Parliament made legislative resolutions on a directive amending the CRD IV (Directive 
(EU) 2019/878, the “CRD V”), a regulation amending the CRR (Regulation (EU) 2019/876, the “CRR II”), a regulation 
amending the regulation (EU) No 806/2014 (the “SRM Regulation”) and a directive amending the BRRD (Directive 
(EU) 2019/879, the “BRRD II”, and all proposals together the “Banking Reform Package”). The Banking Reform 
Package includes, for example, a leverage ratio requirement for all institutions, a new market risk framework for reporting 
purposes and a new moratorium power for the resolution authority. On 14 May 2019, the Council of the European Union 
published a press release announcing that it had adopted the Banking Reform Package. The Banking Reform Package 
was published in the Official Journal on 7 June 2019 and it entered into force on 27 June 2019. Most of the new rules 
have started applying in mid-2021.  
Capital requirements and standards 
The rules applicable to the capital of financial institutions are being changed across the European Union in order to 
implement the Basel III and Basel IV measures issued by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision. The European 
legislative package to implement Basel III consists of a fourth capital requirements Directive and a new capital 
requirements Regulation, collectively known as “CRD IV”. The directly applicable CRR entered into force in Finland on

--- Page 68 ---
66 
1 January 2014. The CRD IV Directive was implemented in Finland through the new Credit Institutions Act, which came 
into force on 15 August 2014. 
 
CRD IV introduced significant changes in the prudential regulatory regime applicable to banks including: increased 
minimum capital ratios; changes in the elements of own funds, as well as changes in the calculation of own fund 
requirements; and the introduction of new measures relating to leverage, liquidity and funding. CRD IV permits a 
transitional period for certain of the enhanced capital requirements and certain other measures, such as the CRD IV 
leverage ratio, which are not expected to be finally implemented until 2020. Minimum capital requirements came into 
force from 1 January 2014 without transitional measures. Finnish regulatory capital and liquidity requirements are 
determined in accordance with both the directly applicable CRR and the Credit Institutions Act, which implements the 
requirements of the CRD IV Directive into Finnish legislation.  
 
The Banking Reform Package, including the CRR II, further changes the capital requirements applicable to banks by 
introducing binding requirements for a leverage ratio of 3 per cent and a binding requirement for a Net Stable Funding 
Ratio (NSFR) of 100 per cent. CRR II also includes a new standardised method to compute the exposure value of 
derivatives exposures, calculations for market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to investment 
undertakings, large exposures and lending to small and medium sized enterprises (SMEs). The CRD V includes updates 
to supervisory measures and capital conservation measures. Among other changes, it updates the rules governing Pillar 
2. Specifically, CRD V introduces a split of Pillar 2 add-ons into Pillar 2 Requirements (P2R) and Pillar 2 Guidance 
(P2G), where the P2R will increase the MDA level (maximum distributable amount) while the P2G does not affect the 
MDA level. Both the CRR II and the CRD V entered into force on 27 June 2019. The CRR II has generally applied as of 
28 June 2021, and the CRD V as of 28 December 2020. 
Resolution laws 
The European Union Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (EU) 2014/59 entered into force on 2 July 2014 and it was 
implemented in Finland with effect as of 1 January 2015 by the Act on Procedure for the Resolution of Credit Institutions 
and Investment Firms (Laki luottolaitosten ja sijoituspalveluyritysten kriisinratkaisusta 1197/2014, as amended, the 
“Resolution Act”), the Act on the Financial Stability Authority (Laki rahoitusvakausviranomaisesta 1198/2014, as 
amended, the “Authority Act”) and by amending the Credit Institutions Act (Laki luottolaitostoiminnasta 2014/610, as 
amended) (jointly, the “Resolution Laws”). The Authority Act deals with the operation and powers of the Finnish 
Financial Stability Authority (the “Stability Authority”), being the national resolution authority having counterparts in 
all EU member states and established for the purposes of the enforcement of the Resolution Act and other regulation 
relating to recovery and resolution of financial institutions. The Banking Reform Package included a legislative resolution 
on Directive (EU) 2019/879 amending the BRRD which was implemented into national legislation on 1 April 2021.  
Pursuant to the Resolution Act, the Stability Authority shall draw up and adopt a resolution plan for the institutions subject 
to its powers. The resolution plan is ready for execution in the event that the institution in question has to be placed into 
a resolution process. The Resolution Act vests the Stability Authority with resolution powers and tools as provided in the 
BRRD. To be able to use the other resolution tools, the Stability Authority shall first place the institution in a resolution 
process. During the process, the institution could be subject to a number of resolution tools, including write-down of debts 
or conversion of debts into equity (bail-in), sale of business, bridge institution and asset separation. To continue the 
operations of the institution, the Stability Authority has the power to decide upon covering losses of the institution by 
reducing the value of the institution’s share capital or cancelling its shares. The write-down and conversion of capital 
instruments must be implemented without undue delay in case an institution has been placed into a resolution process. 
The aim of the Resolution Laws is to provide authorities with a broad range of powers and instruments to address failing 
financial institutions in order to safeguard financial stability and minimise tax payers’ exposure to losses. The regime 
imposes an obligation on the resolution authority and financial institutions to prepare resolution and recovery plans, 
authorises the resolution authority to assess the resolvability of a financial institution, and to address or remove 
impediments to resolvability. In the event of a distress of a financial institution, the regime allows competent authorities, 
being in Finland the FIN-FSA, to intervene and take early intervention measures with respect to any financial institution 
that the FIN-FSA considers is unlikely to be able to meet the conditions of its authorisation or its other liabilities or 
infringes its capital adequacy requirements. Such measures include the power to require the financial institution to take 
measures referred to in its recovery plan and, if necessary, require the institution to convene its general meeting to approve 
any such measures requested by the FIN-FSA, require the institution to prepare a plan on the reorganisation of its debts 
as instructed by the FIN-FSA, and to require the institution to change its strategy, legal or administrative structure.

--- Page 69 ---
67 
The Stability Authority is vested with the power to implement resolution measures with respect to a financial institution 
that the Stability Authority considers as failing or likely to fail, and where there is no reasonable prospect that any 
measures could be taken to prevent the failure of the institution and that the taking of resolution measures is necessary to 
protect significant public interest. Accordingly, resolution measures are secondary to bankruptcy and liquidation of a 
failing financial institution and are implemented only if the relevant conditions set out in the Resolution Laws are satisfied. 
The Finnish national legislation that implements the Banking Reform Package includes a provision whereby the Stability 
Authority may implement resolution measures in respect of the central institution and all member banks of an 
amalgamation, if the amalgamation as a whole meets the resolution criteria. This provision has the effect that potential 
bail-in of MREL eligible instruments issued by one member institution may be utilised for covering losses of other 
member credit institutions or for the recapitalisation of other member credit institutions of the amalgamation.  
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach of its 
requirements for continuing authorisation; its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; it is, 
or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or it requires extraordinary public financial 
support (except in limited circumstances). Neither the POP Bank Centre nor any of its group companies have been 
classified by the FIN-FSA as a systematically important institution domestically or globally or as otherwise significant 
credit institution to the financial system in Finland. 
The measures available in respect of a financial institution subject to resolution procedures (in Finnish: kriisihallinto) 
include the power and obligation on the resolution authority, to write-down or convert capital instruments (shares or other 
equity) in the institution in order to cover losses of the distressed financial institution. The resolution instruments (in 
Finnish: kriisinratkaisuvälineet) available to the Stability Authority under the Resolution Laws include the powers to: 
• 
enforce bail-in - the resolution authority has the power to write-down certain claims of unsecured creditors of 
the distressed financial institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims to equity (the general bail-in tool, 
in Finnish: velkojen arvonalentaminen ja muuntaminen). Such equity could also be subject to any future write-
down. Relevant claims for the purposes of the bail-in tool would include the claims of the holders in respect of 
any Covered Bonds (to the extent that such the claims of the holders of Covered Bonds are not covered by the 
cover asset pool) issued under the Programme; 
• 
enforce the sale of the business (assets or shares) of the financial institution as a whole or part on commercial 
terms without requiring the consent of its shareholders (or holders of other equity instruments) (in Finnish: 
liiketoiminnan luovuttaminen); 
• 
redemption of shares and transfer of shares or assets to another institution – the Stability Authority may transfer 
all or part of the business of the institution to a “bridge institution” (in Finnish: väliaikainen laitos) which is an 
entity created for this purpose by the resolution authority); and 
• 
transfer all or part of the assets in the distressed financial institution to one or more asset management vehicles 
(in Finnish: omaisuudenhoitoyhtiö) to allow them to be managed with the intention of maximising their value 
through eventual sale or orderly wind-down. 
 
The following is a brief summary of the regulation that concerns benchmarks: 
Benchmarks regulation 
The EURIBOR and other indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of recent EU, international and 
other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective, such as the Benchmarks 
Regulation, while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently 
than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted.  
The Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and it came into force on 1 
January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. It will, among other things, (i) require benchmark administrators 
to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised 
or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). EURIBOR has been authorised 
under the Benchmarks Regulation and added to the benchmark register maintained by the ESMA in July 2019.

--- Page 70 ---
68 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER ASSET POOL 
The Issuer must ensure that the Cover Asset Pool comprises only of Housing Loans and Substitute Collateral within the 
limits set by the applicable Covered Bonds Legislation (as summarised under “Finnish Covered Bond Act” and “Finnish 
Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity”) and the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds. The Issuer will substitute 
assets that are no longer eligible to be included in the Cover Asset Pool in accordance with the requirements of the 
applicable Covered Bonds Legislation and such terms and conditions and supplement the Cover Asset Pool with new 
Housing Loans or Substitute Collateral upon the existing Housing Loans or Substitute Collateral in the Cover Asset 
Pool being repaid by the relevant borrower in respect of such assets. The Issuer continuously monitors that the current 
value of the Cover Asset Pool exceeds the combined payment obligations resulting from the Covered Bonds by at least 
two per cent or five per cent, as applicable. Over-collateralisation must have a value of at least two per cent. If the 
requirements set out in Article 129, Paragraph 3 a, Subparagraph 3 of the CRR are not met, over-collateralisation must 
have a value of at least five per cent. In addition, the Issuer assesses the adequacy of the value and the quality of the 
Cover Asset Pool by regular stress tests.  
 
The criteria that is applied to the selection of assets for the Cover Asset Pool and the policies for granting loans are 
summarised below.  
Origination Criteria for the Housing Loans and the Cover Asset Pool  
 
All Housing Loans included in the Cover Asset Pool are originated by the members of the Group in Finland in accordance 
with the applicable lending criteria, which include, but are not limited to the following: 
 
• 
verifying the identity of the borrower;  
• 
verifying the borrower has legal capacity; 
• 
assessing the creditworthiness of the borrower; 
• 
assessing the borrower has sufficient repayment capability; 
• 
verifying public payment defaults in Suomen Asiakastieto Oy’s credit information register; and 
• 
checking the borrowers previous loan payment behaviour in the Issuer’s internal register. 
 
The members of the Group identify the Housing Loans that are eligible for inclusion in the Cover Asset Pool according 
to criteria set by the applicable Covered Bonds Legislation and the members of the Group. These criteria, in summary, 
include but are not limited to the following:  
 
• 
the borrower is identified by a Finnish social security number or a Finnish business identity number; 
• 
the borrower is not an employee of POP Mortgage Bank Plc; 
• 
the principal amount of the Housing Loan must not exceed the fair value of the collateral securing the Housing 
Loan, that is, the loan-to-value ratio must be 100 per cent or lower; 
• 
the Housing Loan must be secured by eligible assets located in Finland and must be denominated in euro; and 
• 
the terms and conditions of the pledge relating to the property that constitutes the collateral for the Housing Loan 
must contain a provision according to which the pledgor undertakes to maintain the fire insurance of the property. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the members of the Group do not grant Commercial Real Estate Loans that would be part of 
the Cover Asset Pool. 
All of the abovementioned origination criteria for the Housing Loans, including the applicable lending criteria, and for 
the Cover Asset Pool have been set out as of the date of this Base Prospectus and might change over time. The composition 
and characteristics of the Cover Asset Pool will change over time. The Issuer will maintain a separate register for the 
Cover Asset Pool in accordance with the Covered Bonds Legislation and inform the holders of Covered Bonds of the 
composition of the Cover Asset Pool on its website at https://www.poppankki.fi/en/investors/financial-reports/pop-
mortgage-bank-plc-financial-reports on a quarterly basis in connection with the issuance of its financial statements and 
half-year financial reports. 
 
No Due Diligence 
 
The Arranger nor any Lead Manager has undertaken and will not undertake any investigations, searches or other actions 
in respect of any Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans or Supplementary Collateral contained or to be contained in the 
Cover Asset Pool.

--- Page 71 ---
69 
DERIVATIVE TRANSACTIONS RELATED TO THE COVERED BONDS 
Permitted Derivative Transactions  
 
The Issuer may from time to time enter into one or more Derivative Transactions in order to hedge against risks relating 
to Covered Bonds and/or a Series or the assets in the Cover Asset Pool. Such Derivative Transactions will be entered into 
the Register for the Cover Asset Pool.  
 
The Issuer may enter into one or more interest rate swap transactions to hedge the interest rate exposure arising as a result 
of Mortgages and other assets in the Cover Asset Pool that carry floating rates of interest covering the relevant Covered 
Bonds that carry a fixed rate payment obligation for the Issuer. The Issuer may also enter into one or more interest rate 
swap transactions to hedge the interest rate exposure arising as a result of Mortgages and other assets in the Cover Pool 
that carry fixed rates of interest covering the relevant Covered Bonds that carry a floating rate payment obligation for the 
Issuer.  
 
Documentation  
 
The Issuer currently anticipates that Derivative Transactions entered into between the Issuer and a swap counterparty will 
be evidenced by a confirmation and such confirmation will supplement, form part of and be subject to an agreement 
between the Issuer and such swap counterparty in the form of an ISDA 2002 Master Agreement, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, each as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. (ISDA) 
(each such agreement a Swap Agreement). All such Derivative Transactions will be terminable by a party if an Event of 
Default (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement) occurs in respect of the other party or all or a group of Derivative 
Transactions will be terminable by one or both of the parties if a Termination Event (as defined in the relevant Swap 
Agreement) occurs.  
 
Upon the early termination of one or more Derivative Transactions, the Issuer or the relevant swap counterparty may be 
liable to make a payment to the other party reflecting the value of the terminated Derivative Transaction(s). 
  
The Issuer may also at its discretion use other types of instruments and transactions for the purposes described in this 
section “Derivative Transactions related to the Covered Bonds”.  
 
Bankruptcy or Liquidation of the Issuer  
Under the Covered Bonds Legislation, obligations arising under a Derivative Transaction entered into the Register for the 
Cover Asset Pool shall continue to be fulfilled towards the Issuer in accordance with its terms notwithstanding a 
bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer unless otherwise provided in the terms of the Derivative Transaction. 
Counterparties to such Derivative Transactions (along with holders of Covered Bonds and providers of Bankruptcy 
Liquidity Loans) are given a statutory priority in the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer to the assets in the Cover 
Asset Pool. Accordingly, such counterparties (and holders of Covered Bonds and providers of liquidity loans) have the 
statutory right to receive payment from the assets in the Cover Asset Pool before all other holders of claims and this right 
remains for so long as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding. Pursuant to Section 44 of the Covered Bond Act, providers 
of liquidity loans and Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans have a right to receive payment after the funds specified in Section 20 
of the Covered Bond Act and before the remaining counterparties. 
 
Under the applicable Covered Bonds Legislation, the bankruptcy administrator is, upon the request of the supervisor 
appointed by the FIN-FSA, entitled to terminate a Derivative Transaction or to transfer a Derivative Transaction and 
security to a third party if it is deemed to be in the interest of the holders of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 72 ---
70 
OTHER INFORMATION TO SUBSCRIBERS 
General 
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Covered Bonds must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may 
wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it:  
• 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Covered Bonds, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Covered Bonds and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement;  
• 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial 
situation, an investment in the Covered Bonds and the impact the Covered Bonds will have on its overall 
investment portfolio;  
• 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Covered Bonds, 
including Covered Bonds where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency;  
• 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Covered Bonds and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; 
and  
• 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment 
and its ability to bear the applicable risks.  
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are subject 
to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should 
consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Covered bonds are legal investments for it, (2) 
Covered Bonds can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or 
pledge of any Covered Bonds. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.  
Secondary market of the Covered Bonds 
If the Final Terms indicate that a Series will be listed, the application for stock exchange listing shall be delivered to the 
Helsinki Stock Exchange provided that the subscribed amount of the Covered Bonds in such Series is 200,000 euros at 
minimum. Additional issues of a listed Series shall be notified as amendments to the amount of the previously issued 
listed Covered Bonds.  
Effective yield of the Covered Bonds 
The effective interest yield percentage of the Covered Bonds shall be notified in the Final Terms. The effective yield of 
the Covered Bons depends on the current issue rate and the interest paid on the Covered Bonds, increasing when the issue 
rate is decreased and decreasing when the issue rate is increased. The effective yield has been calculated by using the 
current value method, widely in use in the securities market. 
The completion of transactions relating to the Covered Bonds is dependent on Euroclear Finland Oy’s operations 
and systems 
Covered Bonds issued and incorporated into the book-entry system of Euroclear Finland Oy (“Euroclear Finland”) are 
in non-certificated form. The holders of Covered Bonds are dependent on procedures of Euroclear Finland, or as 
applicable, on procedures of Clearstream or another clearing house taking responsibility for the settlement of the Covered 
Bonds, regarding transfers, payments and information sharing with the Issuer.  
The evidence of the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are only account statements provided by Euroclear 
Finland or its account manager, and no promissory Covered Bonds or other documents evidencing ownership are given. 
Therefore the ownership of the Covered Bonds and any changes in the same appear only in the registers of the book-entry 
system held by Euroclear Finland or its account managers.

--- Page 73 ---
71 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors 
Each Lead Manager appointed for each issuance will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus, as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto, to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe the Covered Bonds. 
Notice to prospective investors in the United States, Australia, Canada, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore, South 
Africa and certain other jurisdictions 
No offering will be made to persons who are residents of the United States, Australia, Canada, Japan, Hong Kong, 
Singapore or South Africa or in any jurisdiction in which such offering would be unlawful. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Lead Manager appointed for each issuance will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus, as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto, to any retail 
investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for the Covered Bonds.   
Notice regarding forward-looking statements 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be forward looking statements. Forward-looking statements 
include statements concerning the Issuer’s plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future operations and performance and the 
assumptions underlying these forward looking statements. When used in this Base Prospectus, the words “anticipates”, 
“estimates”, “expects”, “believes”, “intends”, “plans”, “aims”, “seeks”, “may”, “will”, “should” and any similar 
expressions generally identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are contained in the 
sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Information about the Issuer” and other sections of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer 
has based these forward-looking statements on the current view of its management with respect to future events and 
financial performance. Although the Issuer believes that the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in its 
forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date of this Base Prospectus, if one or more of the risks or

--- Page 74 ---
72 
uncertainties materialise, including those identified below or which the Issuer has otherwise identified in this Base 
Prospectus, or if any of the Issuer’s underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, the Issuer’s actual 
results of operation may vary from those expected, estimated or predicted.  
 
Any forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, the Issuer expressly disclaims any 
obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates or revisions to any forward-
looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in expectations thereof or any change in events, conditions or 
circumstances on which any such forward-looking statement is based.  
 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors 
 
The Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in point e) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) 
(the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors  
 
The Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
MiFiD II Product Governance / Target Market  
 
The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the 
Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered bonds (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Lead 
Manager subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Lead Manager(s) nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
 
UK MiFIR Product Governance / Target Market  
 
The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the 
Covered Bonds are appropriate. In such case, any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product

--- Page 75 ---
73 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Lead Manager subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered 
Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Lead Manager(s) nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
 
Prohibition of sales to Russia and Belarus 
 
Pursuant to Article 1 of the Council Decision (CFSP) 578/2022 of 8 April 2022 amending Decision 2014/512/CFSP 
concerning restrictive measures in view of Russia’s actions destabilising the situation in Ukraine and to Article 1 of the 
Council Decision (CFSP) 579/2022 of 8 April 2022 amending Decision 2012/642/CFSP concerning restrictive measures 
in view of the situation in Belarus and the involvement of Belarus in the Russia aggression against Ukraine, it shall be 
prohibited to sell transferable securities denominated in any official currency of a Member State issued after 12 April 
2022 or units in collective investment undertakings providing exposure to such securities to any Russian or Belarusian 
national or natural person residing in Russia or Belarus or any legal person, entity or body established in Russia or Belarus. 
The prohibition of sales to Russia and Belarus applies to the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme.

--- Page 76 ---
74 
COVERED BONDS THAT ARE INITIALLY ISSUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE MCBA 
Pursuant to Section 51 of the Covered Bond Act, any covered notes issued in accordance with the MCBA will be governed 
by the provisions effect on the issue date of such covered notes save for certain exceptions. However, an issuer may 
choose to apply the provisions of the Covered Bond Act also in respect of such covered notes if, among other things, the 
terms and conditions of the covered notes allow a change in the applicable law and the terms and conditions of such 
covered notes comply with the requirements of the Covered Bond Act. See “Finnish Covered Bond Act – Transitory 
provisions”. 
The General Terms and Conditions provide that the Issuer may issue the Initial MCBA Covered Bonds which are covered 
in accordance with the provisions of the MCBA in case the Covered Bonds are issued prior to the application of the 
Covered Bond Act. Application of the Covered Bond Act commences earliest on 8 July 2022 and after the Issuer has 
given at least one month prior notice to the FIN-FSA and made an announcement thereto including the date on which the 
Issuer commences application of the Covered Bond Act in respect of such Initial MCBA Covered Bonds.  
The Issuer intends that the terms and conditions of any Initial MCBA Covered Bonds include a provision described in 
Section 51 of the Covered Bond Act to effect a change in the applicable law from MCBA to the Covered Bond Act. In 
addition, the Issuer considers that the terms and conditions of any Initial MCBA Covered Bonds comply with the Covered 
Bond Act.  
In case the applicable law changes in relation to any Initial MCBA Covered Bond, the Issuer will notify the FIN-FSA and 
make an announcement in accordance with Section 51 of the Covered Bond Act. Any such announcement shall indicate 
the date on which the Covered Bond Act commences to apply to the Initial MCBA Covered Bonds. See also “Risk Factors 
– In case any Covered Bonds are issued prior to 8 July 2022, the applicable law in relation to such Covered Bonds 
changes from the MCBA to the Covered Bond Act without consent or any other action of any investor.”

--- Page 77 ---
75 
TAXATION IN FINLAND 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Covered Bonds. It does not purport to 
be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Covered Bonds, and prospective subscribers of Covered 
Bonds should consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of acquiring, holding and disposing of Covered 
Bonds and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Covered Bonds under the individual 
circumstances and laws applicable to each subscriber. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this 
Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law and/or tax practice that may take place also retroactively. 
The Issuer shall withhold the Finnish taxes imposed on the interest paid, to the extent required by the relevant tax laws, 
practices and tax authorities’ regulations and instructions in force from time to time. 
Finnish Resident Individuals and Estates 
Unless otherwise indicated in the following paragraph, a tax at source, in accordance with the Act on Tax at Source of 
Interest Income (1341/1990, as amended), has to be withheld from the interest paid to natural persons resident in Finland 
for tax purposes and Finnish estates of deceased persons. The tax at source is currently 30 per cent of the amount of 
interest paid. 
The Act on Tax at Source of Interest Income is not applicable, inter alia, if a prospectus does not have to be prepared 
with respect to the notes due to (1) the notes being offered for a consideration of less than EUR 100,000 per investor and 
for each separate offer or in denomination of less than EUR 100,000 per unit; (2) the offer being addressed solely to 
qualified investors as defined in the Finnish Securities Markets act (746/2012, as amended); or (3) the offer being 
addressed in each country belonging to the EEC to a maximum number of under 150 investors who are not qualified 
investors as defined in the Finnish Securities Markets Act, even if the notes are issued, e.g. under the a base programme. 
When the Act on Tax at Source of Interest Income is not applicable, a tax withholding at the current rate of 30 per cent is 
operated from the interest paid to natural persons resident in Finland for tax purposes and Finnish estates of deceased 
persons in accordance with the Act on Tax Withholding (1118/1996, as amended). Interests are subject to final taxation 
as capital income in accordance with the Income Tax Act (1535/1992, as amended). The tax rate applicable to taxable 
capital income of up to 30,000 euros is 30 per cent and for the amount exceeding this threshold, 34 per cent. 
Taxable capital gains and losses are calculated as the difference between the sales proceeds and the aggregate of the actual 
acquisition cost and the sales related expenses. When calculating capital gains, Finnish resident individuals and estates 
may choose to apply the so-called presumptive acquisition cost instead of the actual acquisition cost. The presumptive 
acquisition cost is 20 per cent of the sales proceeds, or 40 per cent if the notes have been held by the Finnish resident 
individual or estate for a period of at least ten years. If the presumptive acquisition cost is applied, sales related expenses 
are not deductible. 
Possible capital gains received from disposal of the notes are subject to final taxation as capital income in accordance 
with the Income Tax Act. Capital gains are exempted from tax if the total amount of the sales prices of all assets disposed 
by a taxpayer does not exceed 1,000 euro in a tax year (excluding tax-exempt disposals and disposals of ordinary 
household effects or other corresponding assets utilized for the personal use). The possible capital loss is deductible from 
other capital income the year during which the sale took place and during five subsequent tax years. Capital losses are 
similarly not tax deductible if the total amount of the acquisition prices does not exceed 1,000 euro in a tax year. 
Should notes be sold prior to maturity, any accrued and unpaid interest (secondary market compensation, in Finnish 
“jälkimarkkinahyvitys”) is taxable as capital income in accordance with the Income Tax Act. The Issuer or paying agent 
shall withhold the tax from the secondary market compensation received in accordance with the Act on Tax Withholding 
as described above concerning interests. 
When purchasing notes in the secondary market, the secondary market compensation paid is a deductible item in capital 
income taxation and, if the deductions exceed the amount of capital income, in earned income taxation to the limited 
extent allowed in the Income Tax Act. 
The Issuer or paying agent reports the secondary market compensation paid to the Finnish tax authorities. Inter alia, credit 
institutions, investment service companies and account holders generally report to the Finnish tax authorities also the 
information regarding the sale and other transfers of notes. Information on secondary market compensation received by 
an investor and information on possible capital gains or losses stated on the investor’s pre-completed tax return must be 
verified and, when necessary, corrected.

--- Page 78 ---
76 
Finnish Resident Corporate Bodies 
Interest is generally taxable income to corporate bodies and subject to final taxation as corporate income in accordance 
with the Business Income Tax Act (360/1968, as amended) or the Income Tax Act, and such interest is not subject to any 
preliminary withholding tax. The current rate of corporate income tax is 20 per cent.  
Capital gains and possible secondary market compensation are also subject to final taxation as corporate income in 
accordance with the Business Income Tax Act or the Income Tax Act, at the corporate income tax rate of 20 per cent. 
The deductibility of capital losses derived from the disposal of the notes depends on whether they are taxed under the 
Business Income Tax Act or the Income Tax Act. Generally, limited liability companies are taxed in accordance with the 
Business Income Tax Act. Capital losses taxable under the Business Income Tax Act are generally deductible from a 
corporate body’s income taxable under the Business Income Tax Act in the same tax year and the ten subsequent tax 
years, whereas capital losses under the Income Tax Act are only deductible from capital gains taxable under the Income 
Tax Act on the year of the sale and during five subsequent tax years.  
Non-residents 
Payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer to persons not resident in Finland for tax purposes and who do not engage 
in trade or business through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Finland are not taxable in Finland 
and may be made without tax withholding. 
Transfer Tax 
Generally, the transfer tax amounting 1.6 per cent is payable on transfers of the securities. However, the Covered Bonds 
should not be classified as securities within the meaning of Finnish Transfer Tax Act (931/1996, as amended) (the Finnish 
Transfer Tax Act) and, thus, transfer tax should not be payable, provided that the yield of Covered Bonds is not determined 
by the profit of the Issuer or by the amount of dividend or otherwise is deemed to entitle to the share of annual profit or 
surplus of the Issuer.  
No transfer tax is generally payable in Finland on transfers or sales of the securities admitted to trading on the regulated 
market or other multi-lateral trading facility.

--- Page 79 ---
77 
DESCRIPTION OF POP MORTGAGE BANK 
General  
POP Mortgage Bank Plc (business ID 3236645-3) serves as the mortgage credit bank of the Group. POP Mortgage Bank 
was incorporated on 15 October 2021 and is organised under the laws of the Republic of Finland. POP Mortgage Bank’s 
registered address is Hevosenkenkä 3 FI-02600 Espoo, Finland and the telephone number of the registered office is +358 
(0)10 667 3000 . The legal name of the issuer is POP Mortgage Bank Plc in English, POP Asuntoluottopankki Oyj in 
Finnish and POP Hypoteksbank Abp in Swedish. POP Mortgage Bank’s legal entity identifier code (LEI) is 
743700I7HTCNLUBZTZ74. 
POP Mortgage Bank is by its legal form a public limited company within the meaning of the Finnish Limited Liability 
Companies Act (Osakeyhtiölaki, 624/2006, as amended) (the “Finnish Companies Act”). POP Mortgage Bank operates 
pursuant to the Amalgamation Act and, at the date of this Base Prospectus, the MCBA. Further, at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, POP Mortgage Bank has applied for two (2) licenses to engage in mortgage credit bank activity, one in 
accordance with section 5 of MCBA, which was issued on 24 May 2022, and one in accordance with section 8 of Covered 
Bond Act (see “ – Recent Events”). The FIN-FSA exercises supervisory and regulatory powers over POP Mortgage 
Bank’s operations. Businesswise, POP Mortgage Bank is a credit institution focusing in issuing covered bonds. The funds 
acquired will be channelled via the intermediary loans to member credit institutions that have delivered collateral.  
Description of operations 
Operational model  
POP Mortgage Bank is part of POP Group, which is a Finnish financial group that offers retail banking services to private 
customers, small and medium-sized businesses and agricultural, forestry and bioindustry companies as well as non-life 
insurance services to private customers. The headquarters of POP Group are located in Espoo. 
POP Mortgage Bank conducts mortgage bank business in the capital markets as defined in the legislation concerning 
issuance of covered notes based on the authorisation granted by the FIN-FSA. POP Mortgage Bank acts as a mortgage 
bank and the intermediation mechanism of its funding is based on the intermediary loan approach in which the POP 
Group’s member cooperative banks grant mortgages backed by real-estate collateral. POP Mortgage Bank will issue 
covered bonds, and the funds acquired will be channelled via the intermediary loans to member credit institutions that 
have delivered collateral. POP Mortgage Bank will maintain the bond register and manage the cover pool, which will be 
filled with eligible mortgages meeting pre-defined criteria and chosen by POP Mortgage Bank from the balance sheets of 
all POP Banks. In the long term, POP Group’s aim is steady and profitable growth in its loan portfolio while managing 
risks.  
The function of POP Mortgage Bank is to diversify the financial structure of the Amalgamation by maintaining the 
capability of issuing covered bonds. The goal of POP Mortgage Bank is to generate competitively priced long-term 
funding to finance the business activities of the POP Group’s member credit institutions. POP Mortgage Bank implements 
the strategy of POP Bank Group, which has been approved by POP Bank Centre’s (as defined below) Supervisory Board. 
Thus, POP Mortgage Bank does not have a strategic agenda of its own.  
Organisational structure 
The POP Group consists of the POP Banks, the POP Bank Centre itself and organisations under their control. The most 
significant companies within the POP Group are 21 POP Banks, Bonum Bank (a subsidiary of the POP Bank Centre) and 
Finnish P&C Insurance Ltd included in the consolidation group. The POP Bank Centre acts as the central institution as 
well as the representational, product development and supporting unit of the POP Group. POP Mortgage Bank acts as a 
mortgage bank of the Group. More information on POP Group and the Amalgamation is presented under “Information 
on the Group and the Amalgamation”. 
The Amalgamation of the POP Banks is a legal entity as defined in the Amalgamation Act. The member cooperative 
banks within the Amalgamation as well as Bonum Bank and POP Mortgage Bank have joint liability on the debts and 
commitments of each other. The Amalgamation consists of the central institution and its member cooperative banks and 
credit institutions as well as service companies of which the organisations of the amalgamation have over 50 per cent

--- Page 80 ---
78 
ownership. POP Holding Ltd and its fully-owned Finnish P&C Insurance Ltd, while part of the POP Group, do not fall 
within the joint liability of the Amalgamation.  
Summary of the Service Agreements 
The operations of the Issuer are mainly outsourced through service agreements (“Service Agreements”) to companies 
belonging to the Amalgamation or companies providing services to the Amalgamation. The Issuer’s own internal 
organisation only comprises the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”). The operational 
organisation of the Issuer relies on the different organisations of the Amalgamation and cooperation between them. The 
management of the Issuer is responsible for ensuring that the management and supervision of the outsourced operations 
are organised in an appropriate manner. 
The Issuer has entered into Service Agreements with a number of counterparties such as Bonum Bank Plc, POP Bank 
Centre coop and the POP Banks. 
The most material Service Agreements of the Issuer consist of: 
(i) 
A service agreement between the Issuer and Bonum Bank whereby Bonum Bank provides services to the Issuer 
relating to treasury, risk management reporting, payment intermediation, back office, derivatives, operations 
according to the operations specified in the separation plan, workstations and legal issues. 
(ii) 
A service agreement between the Issuer and POP Bank Centre whereby POP Bank Centre provides services to 
the Issuer relating to expected credit loss calculations, POP Mortgage Bank’s operating environment’s 
maintenance in the GCP environment; services that are under the responsibility of the Amalgamation and 
intellectual property rights. 
(iii) 
A framework agreement between the Issuer and the POP Bank Centre, the POP Banks and Bonum Bank 
whereby a framework for the Service Agreements is provided.  
Summary of the Intermediary Loan Agreements 
The Issuer has concluded an agreement with the POP Banks under which the Issuer may grant an intermediary loan to 
the members of the Amalgamation. The Issuer’s objective is to produce favourable long-term funding for the POP Banks 
by granting intermediary loans. In return, the POP Banks pay the Issuer costs relating to the intermediary loan’s capital, 
interest and fees in accordance with the terms and conditions of the intermediary loan agreement. The Issuer may grant 
intermediary loans only, if it is able to issue covered bonds. The POP Banks’ possibilities to use intermediary loans are 
restricted and directed in order to guarantee that the Amalgamation has the needed credits that can be used as security for 
the issued Covered Bonds.  
Management of POP Mortgage Bank 
POP Mortgage Bank is a public limited liability company. The ultimate decision-making authority in POP Mortgage 
Bank lies with the annual general meeting of shareholders (the “General Meeting”), which elects the members of the 
Board of Directors and the auditor of POP Mortgage Bank. The Board of Directors has a general authority to decide on 
significant matters of POP Mortgage Bank. The Board of Directors also decides on significant matters relating to strategy, 
investments, and financing.  
The operations of POP Mortgage Bank are regulated by the general laws and regulations regarding operations of credit 
institutions. The FIN-FSA as the license granting authority monitors the operations of POP Mortgage Bank. Even though 
the shares of POP Mortgage Bank are not listed on any exchange, it has, as the Issuer of the Covered Bonds and as a 
public limited company which has outstanding listed notes, an obligation to comply with regulations concerning listed 
companies in many parts. A report of the administrative and managing bodies of POP Mortgage Bank is published 
annually on the Issuer’s website.  
Board of Directors of POP Mortgage Bank 
It is the duty of the Board of Directors to attend to POP Mortgage Bank’s administration, ensure the appropriate 
arrangement of its operations and supervise POP Mortgage Bank’s accounting and financial management. The Board of 
Directors has general competence to decide on all matters related to POP Mortgage Bank’s management and other issues, 
which, according to legislation or to the Bank’s articles of association, are not the domain of the General Meeting, or the

--- Page 81 ---
79 
CEO. The Board of Directors has the task of ensuring good governance within the company and efficiently aligning the 
operation with the group’s strategy.  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Chairman and members of the Board of Directors are:  
Name 
Position 
Juha Niemelä 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Marja Pajulahti 
Member of the Board of Directors 
Matti Vainionpää 
Member of the Board of Directors 
 
Juha Niemelä (born 1964) is POP Mortgage Bank’s Chairman of the Board of Directors since 2021. Additionally, Mr. 
Niemelä has been a member of the POP Bank Centre’s Board of Directors since 2016 and the Chairman of the POP Bank 
Centre’s Board of Directors since 2018. Mr. Niemelä’s membership and chairmanship at the Board of Directors of POP 
Bank Centre ended in 2021. In addition, Mr. Niemelä has been a member of the POP Bank Centre’s Management Board 
in 2012-2015, a member of the POP Bank’s Guarantee Fund’s Board of Directors in 2006-2012 and the CEO of Liedon 
Osuuspankki since 1998. Mr. Niemelä holds a diploma in business administration. 
Marja Pajulahti (born 1966) is a member of POP Mortgage Bank’s Board of Directors since 2021. Additionally, Ms. 
Pajulahti has been a member of the POP Bank Centre’s Board of Directors since 2016. Ms. Pajulahti is also the CEO of 
Invalidisäätiö. Previously, Ms. Pajulahti has been the CEO of SOS-Children’s Villages Foundation in 2016-2019, the 
Deputy Managing Director in S Bank in 2014-2015 and the CEO in Local Tapiola Bank in 2011-2014. Ms. Pajulahti 
holds a Master of Laws degree. 
Matti Vainionpää (born 1962) is a member of POP Mortgage Bank’s Board of Directors since 2021. Additionally, Mr. 
Vainionpää has been a member of the POP Bank Centre’s Board of Directors since 2021. Previously, Mr. Vainionpää has 
been the Head of Business Customers Finland of Danske Bank in 2017-2021, the Head of Large Real Estate of Danske 
Bank in 2016-2018 and Head of Large Customers of Danske Bank in 2013-2018. Mr. Vainionpää holds a Master of Laws 
degree and an Executive Master of Business Administration degree.   
The business address of the Board of Directors is Hevosenkenkä 3 FI-02600 Espoo, Finland. 
Management and CEO of POP Mortgage Bank 
The Board of Directors of POP Mortgage Bank appoints the CEO of POP Mortgage Bank. The duty of the CEO is to 
administer POP Mortgage Bank’s day-to-day administration in accordance with the rules and regulations set by the Board 
of Directors. 
POP Mortgage Bank’s CEO is Timo Hulkko. The business address of the CEO is Hevosenkenkä 3 FI-02600 Espoo, 
Finland. 
Conflicts of interests 
To the knowledge of the Issuer, the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO do not have any conflicts of interest 
between their duties relating to the Issuer and their private interests and/or their other duties. 
Ownership 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the POP Bank Centre holds 100.0 per cent of POP Mortgage Bank’s shares and 
100.0 per cent of the votes.  
Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 incorporated in this 
Base Prospectus by reference have been audited by Tiia Kataja, Authorised Public Accountant, KPMG Oy Ab. The 
business address of the auditor and KPMG Oy Ab is Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A, 00100 Helsinki.

--- Page 82 ---
80 
Material contracts 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which could result 
in POP Mortgage Bank being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligation 
to the holders of Covered Bonds. Information on the Service Agreements is presented under “Description of POP 
Mortgage Bank – Service Agreements”.  
Legal proceedings 
POP Mortgage Bank considers that there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which POP Mortgage Bank is aware), during the previous 12 months 
which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on POP Mortgage Bank’s financial position or 
profitability. 
No significant changes 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer nor any significant change in the financial 
position or financial performance of the Issuer since 31 December 2021. 
Recent Events 
On 26 August 2020, the Supervisory Board of POP Bank Centre approved the proposal presented by the Board of 
Directors of POP Bank Centre of beginning mortgage bank operations in the POP Bank Group.  
On 15 October 2021, POP Mortgage Bank was registered in the Finnish Trade Register.  
On 29 October 2021, POP Mortgage Bank submitted an application to the FIN-FSA for a licence referred to in Section 5 
of the MCBA.  
On 28 March 2022, POP Mortgage Bank submitted an application to the FIN-FSA for a licence referred to in Section 8 
of the Covered Bond Act. 
On 24 May 2022, POP Mortgage Bank received the licence from the FIN-FSA for the purpose of acting as the mortgage 
credit bank of the Group in accordance with the MCBA. 
Information derived from third party sources 
Where certain information contained in this Base Prospectus has been derived from third party sources, such sources have 
been identified herein. The Issuer confirms that such third party information has been accurately reproduced herein. In 
addition, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  
 
Agreements outside the ordinary course of business  
The operations of POP Mortgage Bank are outsourced by Service Agreements. For more information, see section “ – 
Service Agreements”.  
 
There are no other material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which could 
result in POP Mortgage Bank or any member of the POP Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material 
to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligation to holders of Covered Bonds.  
 
Credit Rating of the Covered Bonds 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are expected to be rated by S&P.  
S&P Global Ratings Services is established in the EEA and are registered under CRA Regulation, and is, as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (“ESMA”) on its website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/list-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation.

--- Page 83 ---
81 
The Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Covered Bonds is 
rated, the applicable rating will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such rating will not necessarily be the same as 
the rating(s) assigned to the Issuer or to the Covered Bonds already issued (if applicable). Whether or not a credit rating 
applied for in relation to a relevant Series will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for regulatory 
purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the CRA 
Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in 
certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of 
credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered 
credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). 
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website, http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/list-registered-and-certified-CRAs, a list 
of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation. This list must be updated within 
five working days of ESMA’s adoption of any decision to withdraw the registration of a credit rating agency under the 
CRA Regulation. Therefore, such list is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency as there may 
be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the 
updated ESMA list. 
Accounting policies 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 have been 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) approved in the EU and the related 
interpretations (IFRIC). The applicable Finnish accounting and corporate legislation and regulatory requirements have 
also been taken into account when preparing the Covered Bonds to the financial statements. 
The interests of the Arranger and possible other subscription places 
 
Customary business interests in the financial market.

--- Page 84 ---
82 
INFORMATION ON POP GROUP AND THE AMALGAMATION 
General 
The POP Group is a Finnish financial group that offers retail banking services to private customers, small and medium-
sized businesses and agricultural, forestry and bioindustry companies, as well as non-life insurance services to private 
customers. In addition to healthy and profitable business, the objectives of the cooperative-based Group emphasize the 
development of the customer experience. In addition to retail banking services, the POP Group offers non-life insurance 
services to private customers. 
 
The POP Bank Centre was authorised by the FIN-FSA to function as the central institution of the Amalgamation on 14 
December 2015. The Amalgamation began its operations on 31 December 2015. In accordance with the Amalgamation 
Act, the central institution (i.e. the POP Bank Centre) shall prepare the financial statements as a combination of the 
financial statements of the central institution and its Member Credit Institutions or the POP Group financial statements in 
accordance with the IFRS. 
 
The operational segments of the POP Group are banking and insurance. At the end of 2021, the POP Group had 882 
employees (2020: 785), of whom 604 (2020: 580) in banking, 124 (2020: 115) in non-life insurance and 94 (2020: 90) in 
other functions. Due to the new strategy of the POP Group, the central institution’s control will increase as the POP Group 
will combine control practices and clarify guidelines within the Amalgamation. The purpose is to ensure proactively that 
the POP Banks’ quality and business development is in line with the POP Group’s target.  
 
The POP Banks are co-operative banks established in the early 1900s, which were organised into a bank group comprised 
of the member banks of POP Bank Centre and the POP Bank’s Guarantee Fund in 1997–1998. The POP Bank Centre’s 
extraordinary cooperative meeting decided on 19 December 2014 to make an amendment to the rules of the POP Bank 
Centre to establish the Amalgamation. The POP Banks decided on the corresponding amendments to the banks’ rules in 
spring 2015 and decided to join the Amalgamation.

--- Page 85 ---
83 
The structure of the POP Group and the Amalgamation 
The Amalgamation comprises the POP Bank Centre, which acts as the central institution of the Amalgamation, the 21 
POP Banks (as at the date of this Base Prospectus), Bonum Bank and the Issuer, as well as the companies within the 
consolidation groups of the above-mentioned entities. The POP Bank Centre, the POP Banks, Bonum Bank and the Issuer 
share joint liability under the Amalgamation Act. For more information about the Issuer see section “Description of POP 
Mortgage Bank”. 
In the POP Group, Amalgamation-level executive decision-making and steering influence the decision-making in the 
individual companies of the Amalgamation. Additionally, Amalgamation-level executive decisions form the basis of the 
individual company’s board decisions as necessary. As well as executive steering, individual companies must take into 
account legal and administrative requirements. 
The operations of the Amalgamation are regulated by the European Union’s regulations, national legislation and 
regulations issued by the authorities. The Credit Institutions Act, the Amalgamation Act, the Act on Cooperatives, the 
Act on Cooperative Banks and Other Credit Institutions in the Form of a Cooperative (Laki osuuspankeista ja muista 
osuuskuntamuotoisista luottolaitoksista, 423/2013, as amended) (the “Cooperative Bank Act”), the Finnish Companies 
Act and the Act on Insurance Companies (Vakuutusyhtiölaki, 521/2008, as amended) establish the main legal framework 
for cooperative banking applicable to the POP Group. In addition, the Amalgamation complies with good banking practice 
and policies concerning the processing of personal data in its operations. The POP Group does not constitute a company 
in the sense defined in the Accounting Act (Kirjanpitolaki 1336/1997, as amended) or a consolidation group as defined 
in the Credit Institutions Act. The POP Bank Centre or its Member Credit Institutions do not exercise control pursuant to 
IFRS accounting standards on each other, and therefore no parent company can be determined for the POP Group. 
The POP Group is comprised of the Amalgamation and other institutions belonging to the POP Group. The POP Group 
differs from the Amalgamation in that the POP Group also includes other institutions apart from credit and finance 
institutions and service companies. The most notable of these are POP Holding Ltd and Finnish P&C Insurance Ltd. Pop 
Bank’s Guarantee Fund was dissolved in June 2016.

--- Page 86 ---
84 
The POP Banks 
The POP Banks are independent, local deposit banks that are engaged in retail banking. The POP Banks offer banking 
services to private customers, small companies and agriculture and forestry companies. The POP Banks are cooperatives 
(cooperative banks) in terms of company form. The cooperative meeting of the members of the bank or an elected 
representatives’ meeting is the supreme decision-making body of the POP Banks. The cooperative meeting or 
representatives’ meeting elects a Supervisory Board for the bank, which elects the Board of Directors. The Managing 
Director is appointed by the Supervisory Board or the Board of Directors, depending on the rules of the bank in question. 
 
At the end of 2021, the POP Group had approximately 256,300 (2020: 253,700) banking customers and 171,600 (2020: 
156,500) insurance customers. Of the banking segment’s customers, 85.3 (2020: 85.5 per cent) were private customers, 
8.9 (2020: 8.6 per cent) corporate customers and 2.7 (2020: 2.8 per cent) agriculture and forestry customers. 
 
At the end of 2021, the POP Group’s banking segments assets totalled EUR 5,375.1 (2020: EUR 5,113.5 million), deposits 
totalled EUR 4,227.8 (2020: EUR 4,089.3 million) and the loan portfolio totalled EUR 4,245.7 (2020: EUR 3,870.2 
million). 
 
At the end of 2021, the banking segment’s profit before taxes was EUR 40.4 million (2020: EUR 11.3 million). The cost-
to-income ratio was 66.2 (2020: 83.1 per cent).  
 
At the end of 2021, the net operating income totalled EUR 161.7 million (2020: EUR 112.4 million). Net interest income 
totalled EUR 77.7 million (2020: EUR 73.5 million). The amount of net income and expenses were EUR 36.8 million 
(2020: EUR 31.6 million). Net investment income was EUR 10.0 million (2020: EUR 1.3 million). Other operating 
income totalled EUR 38.4 million (2020: EUR 5. million). 
 
During 2021, operating expenses amounted to EUR 121.2 million (2020: EUR 103.7 million). Personnel expenses 
amounted to EUR 50.7 million (2020: EUR 43.5 million). Other operating expenses were EUR 55.5 million (2020: EUR 
52.0 million). Depreciation and impairment on tangible and intangible assets amounted to EUR 15.1 million (2020: EUR 
8.1 million). 
 
During 2021, EUR 10.4 million (2020: EUR 7.5 million) of the impairment of financial assets was recognised as expenses. 
The impairment losses include the deductions of the expected credit losses of EUR 2.3 million (2020: EUR 0.2 million) 
and the incurred credit losses of EUR 8.0 million (2020: EUR 7.3 million). 
 
The total assets of the POP Group as of 31 December 2021 were the following (in EUR million): 
 
POP Mortgage Bank 
18.3 
Bonum Bank 
1,037.9  
POP Bank Centre 
58.3  
Total Assets of the Amalgamation* 
5,324.5  
Total Assets of the Group 
5,358.7 
*Total Assets of the Amalgamation is prepared under IFRS and they consist of the assets of the Member banks, POP Bank Centre, 
Bonum Bank, the Issuer and the companies under their control according to the Amalgamation Act. The figure is not based on 
audited financial statements. 
 
The POP Banks and Bonum Bank share joint and several liability for each other’s debts and those of the Issuer (subject 
to the limitations of the Amalgamation Act, see section “The Amalgamation Act”). 
 
Bonum Bank Plc 
Bonum Bank has been the central credit institution of the POP Banks since 7 February 2015, and as a commercial bank 
it engages in the business operations set forth in the Credit Institutions Act. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Bonum 
Bank is responsible for providing the POP Banks central credit institution services, obtaining external funding for the 
POP Group, handling payments and issuing payment cards to the customers of the POP Banks. In addition, Bonum Bank 
grants unsecured consumer credits and credits secured by financial instruments to retail customers.

--- Page 87 ---
85 
The purpose of Bonum Bank’s internal service production is to limit POP Group’s dependence on external service 
providers and enhance the efficiency of the whole POP Group’s cost structure. In its external business operations, Bonum 
Bank provides services that are in line with POP Group’s strategy and supplement its offering. 
 
In addition to the central credit institution services, Bonum Bank is also responsible for issuing and maintaining the POP 
Banks’ customers’ payment and credit cards. Bonum Bank is a shareholder of Visa Europe and provides card products 
under the Visa brand.  
 
Bonum Bank was one of the first banks in Finland to adopt SEPA Instant Credit Transfers, and the first such transfers 
were received in May 2019. The extensive digitalisation of banking operations and customer service is one of the key 
focus areas of the POP Group’s new strategic renewal programme. POP Group’s mobile application, POP Mobiili, has 
been developed continuously, and the number of users has grown steadily.  
 
In December 2015, Bonum Bank became a member of the POP Bank Centre and part of the Amalgamation. Within the 
Amalgamation, the Bank is responsible for external wholesale funding of the Group, both in Finland and internationally. 
 
The Group participates to the ECB’s targeted longer-term refinancing operations, “TLTROs”, through Bonum Bank and 
during 2021, Bonum Bank participated to the operations with EUR 78.4 million. In the end of 2021, Bonum Bank had 
EUR 128.4 million TLTRO financing. 
 
Other entities belonging to the Amalgamation 
 
Other entities than the POP Bank Centre and the Member Credit Institutions belonging to the Amalgamation include the 
companies included in the consolidation groups of the Member Credit Institutions. Those entities are primarily real estate 
companies. In addition, the Amalgamation includes those credit institutions, financial institutions and service companies 
in which entities included in the Amalgamation jointly hold over 50.0 per cent of the votes. 
 
Group entities not belonging to the Amalgamation 
 
Group entities not included in the Amalgamation are entities other than credit and financial institutions or service 
companies. The most significant of them are POP Holding Ltd and Finnish P&C Insurance Ltd.  
 
POP Holding Ltd is the Group’s holding company. As at 31 December 2021, the companies belonging to the POP Group 
owned 100.0 per cent of the shares in POP Holding Ltd. POP Holding Ltd’s subsidiary Finnish P&C Insurance Ltd has 
been consolidated in the POP Holding group. The POP Holding group consists of POP Holding Ltd and Finnish P&C 
Insurance Ltd. 
 
Finnish P&C Insurance Ltd began its customer business operations in late 2012. The Group’s Non-Life Insurance 
segment includes Finnish P&C Insurance Ltd. The company offers the most common insurance policies to private 
customers: vehicle, home, boat, travel and accident insurance policies. The company focuses on private customers. At the 
end of 2021, the company had approximately 171,600 customers. Insurance policies are sold under the auxiliary business 
name POP Insurance. Finnish P&C Insurance Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary of POP Holding Ltd. 
 
The POP Bank Centre 
The POP Bank Centre coop (POP Pankkikeskus osk) was established in 1996 (at that time: POP Pankkiliitto ry and later: 
Paikallisosuuspankkiliitto osk and POP Pankkiliitto osk) and is organised under the laws of the Republic of Finland. The 
POP Bank Centre’s financial year is one calendar year. The POP Bank Centre is domiciled in Helsinki, Finland, and 
registered in the Finnish Trade Register under the business identity code 1090961-3. Its registered address is 
Hevosenkenkä 3, 02600 Espoo, Finland. The members of the Group own 100.0 per cent of the shares and hold 100.0 per 
cent of the votes in the POP Bank Centre. 
 
The POP Bank Centre is the central institution for the Amalgamation. The POP Bank Centre’s bylaws supplement the 
Amalgamation Act. Decisions on amendments to the POP Bank Centre’s bylaws shall be made by the cooperative meeting 
in accordance with the Cooperatives Act and the POP Bank Centre’s bylaws. The POP Bank Centre’s bylaws retain, 
among other things, information on the POP Bank Centre’s purpose, the control and supervision of the Amalgamation, 
withdrawal and expulsion of members, information on the cooperative meetings, information on the duties and the 
election of the POP Bank Centre’s management, representation of the POP Bank Centre, information on the shares and 
cooperative contribution, fees for the services provided to the POP Bank Centre’s members, information on the POP Bank

--- Page 88 ---
86 
Centre’s responsibility for debts of the Member Credit Institutions and information on the joint liability under the 
Amalgamation Act. 
 
Pursuant to the Amalgamation Act, the POP Bank Centre is responsible among other things for issuing guidelines on risk 
management, good corporate governance, internal control and guidelines for the application of uniform accounting 
principles in preparing the consolidated financial statements of the POP Group. For further information on the POP Bank 
Centre’s role and its responsibility under the Amalgamation Act, see section “The Amalgamation Act”. 
 
According to Article 2 of its bylaws, the POP Bank Centre’s objective is to promote and support the progress and co-
operation of the entities belonging to the POP Group. To accomplish the objective, the POP Bank Centre e.g. steers the 
Group’s centralized services and is responsible for the POP Group’s strategic steering. The POP Bank Centre may hold 
shares and participations in the companies belonging to the Amalgamation and to engage in other investment activities 
that may be justified from the perspective of the Amalgamation. The POP Bank Centre may not engage in any other 
material business. The POP Bank Centre may arrange the services it is to provide through subsidiaries or other companies.  
 
In accordance with the Amalgamation Act, a credit institution may be accepted as the POP Bank Centre’s member, 
provided that the credit institution's bylaws or articles of association under section 6 of the Amalgamation Act have been 
adopted. The decision on the adoption of the bylaws or the articles of association shall be valid only if the related proposal 
is supported by at least a two-thirds vote given by those at a cooperative meeting or meeting of trustees of the credit 
institutions or if it is supported by at least a two-thirds vote given by those at a general meeting of shareholders of the 
credit institutions and two-thirds of shares represented at the meeting. 
 
In January 2022, the POP Bank Centre signed an agreement with Crosskey Banking Solutions Ab Ltd on the renewal of 
the Group’s core banking system. The POP Bank Centre anticipates that the Group will take the new core banking system 
into use during 2025. 
 
At 31 December 2021 the POP Bank Centre employed a staff of 73 people. 
 
Management of the POP Bank Centre 
In the POP Bank Centre, the central institution of the Amalgamation, the highest decision-making authority rests with the 
annual cooperative meeting. The cooperative meeting confirms the rules and adopts the financial statements and balance 
sheet of the POP Bank Centre, decides on the POP Group’s strategy and elects the members of the Supervisory Board 
and the auditor of the POP Bank Centre. One member shall be elected to the Supervisory Board from each Member Credit 
Institution; however, not from a subsidiary of the central institution acting as a Member Credit Institution. 
 
Supervisory Board of the POP Bank Centre 
 
The Supervisory Board consists of no less than three (3) and no more than thirty-four (34) members. The Supervisory 
Board is responsible for supervising the management of the POP Bank Centre, as carried out by the Board of Directors 
and the CEO, as well as supervising the diligent management of the POP Bank Centre's activities in accordance with the 
Cooperatives Act and the interests of the POP Bank Centre and the POP Group. 
 
The Supervisory Board issues a statement on the Amalgamation’s strategy and financial statements prepared by the Board 
of Directors of the POP Bank Centre to the cooperative meeting. The supervisory board also annually confirms the 
principles of capital adequacy management of the Amalgamation. The Supervisory Board ratifies the general operating 
principles of the POP Group and the principles of bank-specific management. 
 
The Supervisory Board elects and discharges the members of the Board of Directors, the Managing Director and head of 
audit and elects Managing Director’s deputy. The Supervisory Board decides on the fees of the Board of Directors and 
the emolument of the head of audit. The Supervisory Board has established two permanent committees, the Executive 
and Nomination Committee and the Audit Committee.

--- Page 89 ---
87 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Supervisory Board were: 
 
Name and education 
Company and address 
Role 
Harri Takala 
Chairman 
 
Ylistarontie 139 
FI-62375 Ylihärmä 
Agricultural entrepreneur 
 
Hannu Saarimäki 
Vice Chairman 
Agriculture technician 
 
 
Metsämäen maatila ja Saarimäki 
Consulting Oy 
Nevalantie 103 
FI-42700 Keuruu 
 
 
Entrepreneur 
Heikki Honkaniemi 
Forestry technician 
Metsä Group / Metsäliitto 
Osuuskunta Seinäjoen 
palvelutoimisto 
Itikanmäenkatu 3 
FI-60100 Seinäjoki 
 
Forestry expert 
Pentti Huostila 
Simolan tila 
Oitentie 142 
FI-16900 Lammi 
 
Agricultural entrepreneur 
Tiina Jokinen 
BSc in Radiography 
Pirkonpolku 1 
FI-38600 Lavia 
 
Radiographer 
Marjut Järvinen 
Vocational Qualification in 
Business and Administration 
Jämijärven Osuuspankki 
Jämijärventie 22 B 
FI-38800 Jämijärvi 
 
CEO 
Jussi Karttila 
Aivan Innovations Oy 
Kairiskulmantie 12 
FI-20760 Piispanristi 
 
CEO, co-founder 
Timo Kivikoski 
Bachelor of Agriculture 
Kyrön Seudun Osuuspankki 
Kyröntie 31 
FI-21800 Kyrö 
 
CEO 
Aaro Koljonen 
Bachelor of Agriculture 
Koljosentie 21 
FI-64760 Peltola 
 
Agricultural entrepreneur 
Petri Kotilainen 
Carpenter 
Tilausmatka Kotilainen 
Saarijärventie 642 
FI-43300 Kannonkoski 
 
Entrepreneur 
Pekka Liimatainen 
 
Pyhälahdentie 981 
44370 Konnevesi  
 
Agricultural entrepreneur 
Urpo Ojala 
Secondary School Graduate and 
Vocational Qualification in 
Business and Administration 
 
Kyyjärven Osuuspankki 
Tuliharjuntie 4 
PL 5 
FI-43700 Kyyjärvi 
 
CEO 
Sami Pokki 
 
Nivalan Järvikylän Osuuspankki 
Kalliontie 27 
FI-85500 Nivala 
 
CEO

--- Page 90 ---
88 
Kirsi Pukara 
Master of Science in Agriculture 
and Forestry 
 
Pukarntie 498 
FI-38950 Honkajoki 
Agricultural entrepreneur 
Tuija Riikonen 
Master of Science in Economics 
Lanneveden Osuuspankki 
Uuraistentie 1132 
FI-41270 Lannevesi 
 
CEO 
Marja Savioja  
Bachelor of Agriculture 
 
Isojoen Osuuspankki 
Honkajoentie 4 
FI 64900 Isojoki 
 
CEO 
Antti Savola 
Master of Science in 
Economics 
Kurikan Osuuspankki 
Keskuspuistikko 7 
FI-61300 Kurikka 
 
CEO 
Markku Toivonen 
Ahopellontie 286 
31500 Koski Tl 
 
Agricultural Entrepreneur (retired) 
Jussi Vaahtoniemi  
Police officer’s degree 
Pohjanmaan poliisilaitos 
Juhonkatu 4 
FI-60100 Seinäjoki 
 
Police Sergeant  
Ari Voutilainen 
Master of Science, MBA 
Rissalantie 48 
FI-70910 Vuorela  
 
Director 
Pirjo Vuokko 
Doctor of Economic Sciences 
Kivitie 1 
FI-21500 Piikkiö 
Docent 
 
Board of Directors of the POP Bank Centre 
 
The Board of Directors is responsible for the appropriate and reliable organisation of the governance and operations of 
the POP Bank Centre.  
 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Chairman and members of the Board of Directors were: 
 
Timo Kalliomäki (born 1976) has been a member of the POP Bank Centre’s Board of Directors and the CEO of Suupohjan 
Osuuspankki since 2019 and the Chairman of the POP Bank Centre’s Board of Directors since 2021. Mr. Kalliomäki has 
been a Director in Nordea in 2002–2019. Mr. Kalliomäki holds a Bachelor of Agriculture degree.  
 
Ari Heikkilä (born 1955) has been a member of the POP Bank Centre’s Board of Directors since 2011 and the Vice 
Chairman of the POP Bank Centre’s Board of Directors since 2021. Mr. Heikkilä has been the CEO of Konneveden 
Osuuspankki since 1998. Mr. Heikkilä holds a diploma in natural resources (agrologist).  
 
Mika Mäenpää (born 1962) has been a member of the POP Bank Centre’s Board of Directors since 2021. Mr. Mäenpää 
has been the CEO of Lavian Osuuspankki since 1996. Mr. Mäenpää holds a degree in Vocational Qualification in Business 
and Administration. 
 
Mikko Seppänen (born 1976) has been a member of the POP Bank Centre’s Board of Directors since 2021. Mr. Seppänen 
has been the CEO of Lammin Osuuspankki since 2017. Mr. Seppänen holds a Master of Political Sciences degree. 
 
Ilkka Lähteenmäki (born 1963) has been a member of the POP Bank Centre’s Board of Directors since 2019. Mr. 
Lähteenmäki has been an Adjunct Professor in Aalto University since 2017. Mr. Lähteenmäki has been a Director in 
Danske Bank in 2012–2016 and a researcher at Tampere University in 2011–2012. Mr. Lähteenmäki holds a Doctor of 
Science (Economics) degree.

--- Page 91 ---
89 
 
Marja Pajulahti (born 1966) has been a member of the POP Bank Centre’s Board of Directors since 2016. Ms. Pajulahti 
is currently the CEO of Invalidisäätiö. Ms. Pajulahti has been the CEO of SOS-Children’s Villages Foundation in 2016–
2019, the Deputy Managing Director in S Bank in 2014–2015 and the CEO in Local Tapiola Bank in 2011–2014. Ms. 
Pajulahti holds a Master of Laws degree. 
 
Matti Vainionpää (born 1962) has been a member of the POP Bank Centre’s Board of Directors since 2021. Mr. 
Vainionpää has been the Head of Business Customers Finland of Danske Bank in 2017–2021, the Head of Large Real 
Estate of Danske Bank in 2016–2018 and Head of Large Customers of Danske Bank in 2013–2018. Mr. Vainionpää holds 
a Master of Laws degree and an Executive Master of Business Administration degree. 
 
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Directors and POP Bank Centre is Hevosenkenkä 3, 02600 
Espoo, Finland. 
 
CEO and Deputy CEO of the POP Bank Centre 
 
The central institution has a CEO who is responsible for the day-to-day management and administration of the central 
institution in accordance with the instructions and orders issued by the Board of Directors. The CEO prepares the matters 
presented to the Board of Directors and assists the Board of Directors in the preparation of matters presented to the 
Supervisory Board and the cooperative meeting. The CEO of the POP Bank Centre is Jaakko Pulli. 
 
Jaakko Pulli (born 1978) has been the deputy CEO of the POP Bank Centre since 2017, the interim CEO since 2021 and 
the CEO since 2022. Mr. Pulli was the Chief Risk Officer of POP Bank Group in 2015–2017 and the Head of Risk 
Management Services in PP-Laskenta Oy in 2009–2015. Mr. Pulli holds a Master of Science in Economics. 
 
The business address of the interim CEO and Deputy CEO is Hevosenkenkä 3, 02600 Espoo, Finland. 
 
Conflicts of Interest 
Except for the joint liability under the Amalgamation Act, there are no conflicts of interest between the duties of the 
members of the POP Bank Centre’s administrative and management bodies to the POP Bank Centre and their other duties 
and private interests. 
 
Ownership 
The POP Banks own 100.0 per cent of the shares and hold 100.0 per cent of the votes in the POP Bank Centre. The 
ownership is split in proportion to the balance sheets of the owners and is revised annually. According to the bylaws of 
the POP Bank Centre, each owner is subject to a voting restriction that limits the voting rights to 12.0 per cent of the votes 
present in each cooperative meeting of the POP Bank Centre. 
 
Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of the POP Group for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2020 incorporated in this Base Prospectus by reference have been audited by Tiia-Kaisa Kataja, Certified Public 
Accountant, KPMG Oy Ab. The business address of the auditor and KPMG Oy Ab is Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A, 00100 
Helsinki. 
 
Material Contracts  
There are no material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of the POP Group’s, the POP Bank Centre’s 
or the Amalgamation’s business, which could result in the POP Group, the POP Bank Centre or the Amalgamation being 
under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligation to the holders of Covered 
Bonds. 
 
Legal Proceedings 
On 13 September 2021, the FIN-FSA imposed on POP Bank Centre a penalty payment in the amount of EUR 680,000 
for omissions in the management of the Amalgamation’s operational risks and a public warning for breaches of the 
obligation to control and supervise the Amalgamation. The omissions were detected during an inspection conducted by

--- Page 92 ---
90 
the FIN-FSA in April 2019. There are no other governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which the POP Bank Alliance is aware), which may have, or have had 
during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability 
of the POP Bank Alliance, the Amalgamation or the POP Group. 
 
No significant changes 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the POP Group nor any significant change in the financial 
position or financial performance of the POP Group since 31 December 2021. 
 
Recent Events 
In March 2020, the cooperative meetings of Sievin Osuuspankki, Tiistenjoen Osuuspankki and Pohjanmaan Osuuspankki 
approved a merger plan according to which Sievin Osuuspankki and Tiistenjoen Osuuspankki will merge into Pohjanmaan 
Osuuspankki. In addition, the cooperative meetings of Hannulan Osuuspankki and Konneveden Osuuspankki decided in 
April 2020 that Hannulan Osuuspankki would be merged into Konneveden Osuuspankki.  
In June 2020, the cooperative meetings of Kyrönmaan Osuuspankki and Lapuan Osuuspankki decided that Kyrönmaan 
Osuuspankki would be merged into Lapuan Osuuspankki. In connection with the merger, the name of the bank will be 
changed to Lakeuden Osuuspankki.  
In February 2021, the cooperative meetings of Reisjärven Osuuspankki and Siilinjärven Osuuspankki decided that 
Reisjärven Osuuspankki would be merged into Siilinjärven Osuuspankki. In connection with the merger, the name of the 
bank will be changed to Järvi-Suomen Osuuspankki. 
In February 2022, the cooperative meetings of Piikkiön Osuuspankki and Liedon Osuuspankki and the representatives of 
Suupohjan Osuuspankki decided that Piikkiön Osuuspankki and Liedon Osuuspankki would be merged into Suupohjan 
Osuuspankki. In connection with the merger, the name of the bank will be changed to Suomen Osuuspankki. The merger 
will take place at the start of June 2022.  
After the implementation of the mergers, the POP Bank Group includes 19 POP Banks. 
Capital Adequacy 
The Issuer and other Member Credit Institutions are subject to what is provided in Chapter 10 of the Credit Institutions 
Act and Parts 2-4 of the EU’s Capital Requirements Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (“CRR”) concerning the requirements to 
be set for credit institutions’ own funds. 
 
The Amalgamation’s capital adequacy requirement consists of the following items: 
 
• 
Capital Requirements Regulation minimum of 8.0 per cent 
• 
Additional Pillar 2 capital requirement of 1.25 per cent 
• 
Capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent 
• 
Country-specific capital requirements for foreign exposures 
 
4.5 per cent of the minimum requirement of the CRR must be Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”) capital and all additional 
capital requirements must be covered with CET1 Capital. The FIN-FSA released the systemic risk buffer capital 
requirement of 1.0 per cent on 6 April 2020 due to the outbreak of the Coronavirus. On 30 June 2021, the Amalgamation’s 
capital adequacy ratio was 19.8 per cent, and its CET1 capital ratio was 19.8 per cent. The Amalgamation does not include 
the profit for the financial period in own funds. 
 
Management and reporting of liquidity risk is based on separate Principles of Liquidity Risk Management. Said principles 
also take into account requirements relating to Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) and Net Stable Funding Ratio 
(“NSFR”). Both principles have been introduced by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision. The LCR was 
implemented in 2015, pursuant to which the liquidity buffer comprised of high-quality liquid assets must amount at least 
100.0 per cent as of 1 January 2018 of the stress-tested amount of monthly net cash outflows. In line with Basel III, the 
CRR imposes a liquidity coverage requirement on credit institutions to improve the resilience of credit institutions to 
liquidity risks over a short-term period (i.e. thirty days). On 31 December 2021, the Amalgamation’s LCR ratio was 176.0 
per cent. The NSFR measures the maturity mismatch of assets and liabilities on the balance sheet and ensures that the

--- Page 93 ---
91 
ongoing funding is sufficient to meet funding needs over a one-year period, thus preventing over-reliance on short-term 
wholesale funding. The NSFR became binding on 28 June 2021 as part of CRR II. The minimum level of the requirement 
is 100.0 per cent. On 31 December 2021, the Amalgamation’s NSFR ratio was 133.0 per cent. 
 
Accounting policies 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the POP Group for 1 January – 31 December 2021 and 1 January – 31 
December 2020 have been prepared in accordance with IFRS approved in the EU and the related interpretations (IFRIC). 
The applicable Finnish accounting and corporate legislation and regulatory requirements have also been taken into 
account when preparing the Covered Bonds to the financial statements.  
 
Information pursuant to the CRR about the capital adequacy of the Amalgamation in the POP Group’s consolidated 
financial statements for 1 January – 31 December 2021 and 1 January – 31 December 2020 (“Pillar III disclosures”) is 
presented based on the capital adequacy of the Amalgamation. Therefore, the Pillar III disclosures are not directly 
comparable with other figures pertaining to POP Group presented in the balance sheet of the consolidated financial 
statements.

--- Page 94 ---
92 
AVAILABLE DOCUMENTS 
POP Mortgage Bank’s articles of association (in Finnish) and audited financial statements as well as the auditor’s report 
regarding the last financial year are available during the period of validity of the Base Prospectus at 
https://www.poppankki.fi/en/investors/financial-reports/pop-mortgage-bank-plc-financial-reports and at the registered 
address of POP Mortgage Bank, Hevosenkenkä 3, 02600 Espoo. 
The POP Bank Centre’s bylaws (in Finnish) and the Group’s audited financial statements as well as the auditor’s report 
regarding the last two financial years are available during the period of validity of the Base Prospectus at 
https://www.poppankki.fi/en/investors/information-for-investors/investor-relations and at the registered address of the 
POP Bank Centre, Hevosenkenkä 3, 02600 Espoo. 
POP Mortgage Bank’s stock exchange releases will be published on POP Mortgage Bank’s website at 
https://www.poppankki.fi/en/investors/information-for-investors/investor-relations.

--- Page 95 ---
93 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents have been incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus. They are available at the Group’s 
website at https://www.poppankki.fi/en/investors/financial-reports and at POP Mortgage Bank’s website at 
https://www.poppankki.fi/en/investors/financial-reports/pop-mortgage-bank-plc-financial-reports as well as upon request 
from POP Mortgage Bank. Non-incorporated parts of the referred information are not relevant for the investor or can be 
found elsewhere in the Base Prospectus.  
 
Document 
Referred information 
 
 
POP Mortgage Bank’s Board of Directors’ and Financial 
Statements Report 2 September – 31 December 2021 
Financial Statements of the Issuer for the period 2 
September 2021 – 31 December 2021 on pages 5–14. 
 
 
POP Mortgage Bank’s Auditor’s Report September – 31 
December 2021 
Auditor’s report for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
 
 
POP Bank Group Board of Directors’ Report and 
Consolidated IFRS Financial Statements Report 1 January 
– 31 December 2021 
Financial Statements of the Group for the period 1 January 
– 31 December 2021 on pages 47–l45. 
 
 
POP Bank Group Board of Directors’ Report and 
Consolidated IFRS Financial Statements 2021, pages 147 
– 151 
Auditor’s report for the year ended 31 December 2021 on 
pages 147–151.   
 
 
POP Bank Group Board of Directors’ Report and 
Consolidated IFRS Financial Statements Report 1 January 
– 31 December 2020 
Financial Statements of the Group for the period 1 January 
– 31 December 2020 on pages 31–l34. 
 
 
POP Bank Group Board of Directors’ Report and 
Consolidated IFRS Financial Statements 2020, pages 
136–139 
Auditor’s report for the year ended 31 December 2020 on 
pages 136–139.

--- Page 96 ---
94 
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
The following glossary contains certain defined key terms in relation to the Covered Bonds. 
 
 
the Amalgamation Act 
the Act on the Amalgamation of Deposit Banks (Laki 
talletuspankkien yhteenliittymästä, 599/2010, as amended) 
the Amalgamation 
POP Bank Centre and those entities amalgamated with it 
from time to time pursuant to the Amalgamation Act, 
currently comprising the Issuer, Bonum Bank, the POP 
Banks and the companies included in their consolidation 
groups and those credit institutions, financial institutions 
and service companies in which entities included in the 
Amalgamation jointly hold over 50 per cent of the votes. 
the Arranger 
Nordea Bank Abp in its capacity as the arranger of the 
Programme. 
Cover Asset Pool 
The Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans, Substitute 
Collateral and Derivative Transactions entered into the 
Register as statutory security for the Covered Bonds under 
the Covered Bond Act or the MCBA. 
Covered Bond Act 
The Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks and Covered 
Bonds 
(Laki 
kiinnitysluottopankeista 
ja 
katetuista 
joukkolainoista 151/2022) 
Derivative Transactions 
Derivative transactions concluded for hedging against risks 
related to the Covered Bonds and therefore constitute part 
of the assets in the Cover Asset Pool. 
Intermediary Loan 
A loan granted by the Issuer to a Member Credit Institution 
pursuant to the requirements set out in Section 8 of the 
MCBA or Section 33 of the Covered Bond Act. 
the Lead Manager(s) 
any bank acting as lead manager(s) in a Tranche 
the Member Credit Institutions 
the Issuer, Bonum Bank and the POP Banks 
MCBA 
The Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity (Laki 
kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010) 
the POP Bank Centre or Central Organisation 
POP Bank Centre coop 
the POP Banks 
the POP banks belonging to the Amalgamation from time 
to time, as at the date of this Base Prospectus: (1) 
Honkajoen Osuuspankki, (2) Isojoen Osuuspankki, (3) 
Jämijärven Osuuspankki, (4) Järvi-Suomen Osuuspankki, 
(5) 
Kannonkosken 
Osuuspankki, 
(6) 
Keuruun 
Osuuspankki, (7) Konneveden Osuuspankki, (8) Kosken 
Osuuspankki, (9) Kurikan Osuuspankki (10) Kyrön Seudun 
Osuuspankki, (11) Kyyjärven Osuuspankki, (12) Lammin 
Osuuspankki, 
(13) 
Lanneveden 
Osuuspankki, 
(14) 
Lakeuden Osuuspankki, (15) Lappajärven Osuuspankki, 
(16) Lavian Osuuspankki, (17) Liedon Osuuspankki (18) 
Nivalan 
Järvikylän 
Osuuspankki, 
(19) 
Piikkiön

--- Page 97 ---
95 
Osuuspankki, (20) Pohjanmaan Osuuspankki, and (21) 
Suupohjan Osuuspankki. 
POP Group or Group 
Those POP Bank Group’s entities that are consolidated for 
accounting purposes 
Register 
The register of Covered Bonds and the collateral which 
forms the assets in the Cover Asset Pool for the Covered 
Bonds, including the Derivative Transactions and 
Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans, which an issuer of Covered 
Bonds is required to maintain pursuant to the Covered Bond 
Act or the MCBA.

--- Page 98 ---
THE ISSUER 
POP Mortgage Bank Plc  
Hevosenkenkä 3  
FI-02600 Espoo 
Finland 
 
ARRANGER 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5  
FI-00020 NORDEA 
Finland 
 
LEGAL ADVISER TO THE ISSUER 
Castrén & Snellman Attorneys Ltd 
Eteläesplanadi 14 
FI-00130 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
AUDITOR TO POP MORTGAGE BANK AND THE GROUP 
 KPMG Oy Ab  
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
FI-00100 Helsinki 
Finland