--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
POSTE ITALIANE S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Italy) 
€2,500,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €2,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Poste Italiane S.p.A. (the Issuer, Poste Italiane 
or the Parent Company) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer (as defined below). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the 
Programme will not exceed €2,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) but may be increased from time to time. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the 
case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such 
Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves risks. See “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF), as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). The CSSF only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the Official List  of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also 
issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a 
regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU), as amended. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date (i.e. up to 16 December 
2023) in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA). The 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not 
apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain 
other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “ Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out 
in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which, with respect to Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and 
the Issuer (www.posteitaliane.it / https://www.posteitaliane.it/en/debt-rating.html). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or any U.S. 
State securities laws and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or 
for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the 
United States and any other jurisdiction. 
Both the Issuer and the Programme have been rated Baa3 by Moody’s Italia S.r.l. (Moody’s) and BBB by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited (S&P). Obligations rated Baa by Moody’s are subject to moderate credit risk. They are considered medium-grade and as such 
may possess speculative characteristics. The modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category.  A BBB

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
rating by S&P indicates adequate capacity to meet financial commitments, but more subject to adverse economic conditions. Moody’s 
and S&P are established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation) and, as such, are included in the list of credit ratings agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed 
in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by the relevant rating agency. A 
security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ( EURIBOR) or 
CMS Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets I nstitute (as 
administrator of EURIBOR) is included in the register of administrators maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of the Regulation  (EU) 
No. 2016/1011, as amended (the EU Benchmarks Regulation), whereas ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (as administrator of 
CMS Rate) is not included in that register.  
JOINT ARRANGERS 
Deutsche Bank  
IMI - Intesa Sanpaolo  
 
DEALERS 
Barclays  
BofA Securities 
BNP PARIBAS  
Citigroup  
Crédit Agricole CIB  
Credit Suisse  
Deutsche Bank  
Goldman Sachs International  
HSBC  
ING  
IMI - Intesa Sanpaolo  
J.P. Morgan  
Mediobanca 
Morgan Stanley 
MUFG 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets  
Nomura 
Santander Corporate & 
Investment Banking  
Société Générale 
Corporate & Investment Banking  
UBS Investment Bank 
UniCredit 
 
 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 16 December 2022.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
This Base Prospectus is to be construed together with any supplements hereto and with any documents 
incorporated in it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”) and should be read and construed 
on the basis that those documents are incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus.   
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, 
such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of 
the Dealers. 
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Dealers, the Principal Paying Agent or the Paying 
Agents, or any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies), and neither the Dealers, the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Paying Agents, nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies), makes 
any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided 
by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or any act or omission of the Issuer or any other person in 
connection with the issue and offering of the Notes.  
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note 
shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is 
true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended 
or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse 
change, in the condition (financial or otherwise), business, results of operations or prospects of the Issuer since 
the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has most recently been amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the 
same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during 
the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes issued under the Programme of any information 
coming to their attention. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates (including parent 
companies) that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition 
and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and shall be taken to have done so. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue 
of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers or any of their 
respective affiliates (including parent companies) to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
amended (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a Distributor) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes may be a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Joint Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR product governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a Distributor) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes may be a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Joint Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001, 
AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE SFA) 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the 
Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers 
which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly 
or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come 
must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including, for these purposes, France, the Republic 
of Italy and Belgium), the United Kingdom, Singapore, Switzerland and Japan, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Any offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA must be made pursuant to an exemption under the 
Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any 
person making or intending to make an offer of Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation 
arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation 
or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to 
such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer 
of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement 
a prospectus for such offer. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer has been 
derived from the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 
31 December 2020 and 2021, the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer as at and 
for the six months ended 30 June 2022 and the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information 
of the Issuer as at and for the nine months ended 30 September 2022. 
The Issuer’s financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific year 
are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The Issuer’s consolidated annual financial 
statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) issued 
by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), and adopted by the European Union under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002 of 19 July 2002, and in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 38 of 20 
February 2005, which introduced regulations governing the adoption of IFRS in Italian law.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed to them in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other section of this Base 
Prospectus. In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined below:  
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
 
U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars; and 
 
Euro, EUR, euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
 
References to a billion are to a thousand million. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
MINIMUM DENOMINATION OF NOTES 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
(such as Euro 100,000) (the Minimum Denomination) plus one or more higher integral multiples of another 
smaller amount (such as Euro 1,000), it is possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the 
minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of the Minimum Denomination. In such a 
case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the Minimum 
Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of 
such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the Minimum 
Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result 
of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the Minimum Denomination in their account with 
the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding 
(should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its 
holding amounts to the Minimum Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the Minimum Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Clause 
Page 
Overview of the Programme............................................................................................................9 
Risk Factors................................................................................................................................ 14 
Responsibility Statement .............................................................................................................. 31 
Documents Incorporated by Reference............................................................................................ 32 
Form of the Notes ........................................................................................................................ 37 
Form of Final Terms .................................................................................................................... 39 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes................................................................................................. 53 
Use of Proceeds........................................................................................................................... 89 
Description of the Issuer ............................................................................................................... 90 
Taxation................................................................................................................................... 147 
Subscription and Sale ................................................................................................................. 157 
General Information................................................................................................................... 163 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. Any loss or 
profit sustained as a consequence of any such over-allotment or stabilisation action shall, as against the 
Issuer, be for the account of the Stabilising Manager(s).

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1)(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980, as amended (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” have the 
same meanings in this overview. 
 
Issuer: 
Poste Italiane S.p.A. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
815600354DEDBD0BA991 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain risks that are specific to the Issuer and its ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme and risks relating to the structure of a particular Series of 
Notes issued under the Programme. All of these are set out under “Risk 
Factors”.  
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Joint Arrangers: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft and Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Dealers: 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  
 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Goldman Sachs International 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
 
Natixis 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
NatWest Markets Plc 
 
Nomura International plc 
 
Société Générale 
 
UBS Europe SE 
 
UniCredit Bank AG

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of 
the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute deposits for 
the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) 
unless they are issued to a limited class of professional investors and 
have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to Euro 2,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at 
any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in 
each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes may be 
denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency.  
Issue Price: 
Notes are issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which is at 
par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in “Form of the 
Notes”. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA), and as amended and

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of 
the relevant Series), or the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (as published by ISDA as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series) as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service; or 
 
(c) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate 
Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest.  
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
taxation reasons pursuant to Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons)) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or 
the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such 
stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions” above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency and save that the minimum denomination of each Note will 
be Euro 100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction 
for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction 
as provided in Condition 7 (Taxation), unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In the event that any such deduction is 
made, the Issuer will, subject to certain exceptions set out in Condition 
7 (Taxation), be required to pay additional amounts to cover the 
amounts so deducted.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge as set out in 
Condition 3.1 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as further 
described in Condition 9 (Events of Default). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 3.1 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer (obbligazioni) which will at all times rank pari passu 
among themselves and (save for such obligations as may be preferred 
by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general 
application) at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, from time to 
time outstanding. 
Rating: 
The Programme has been rated Baa3 by Moody’s and BBB by S&P. 
Both Moody’s and S&P are established in the European Union and 
registered under the CRA Regulation. As such each of Moody’s and 
S&P is included in the list of credit ratings agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation on its website at the following address:  
 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk 
 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned 
to the Programme. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing, Approval and Admission 
to Trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a 
base prospectus. Application has also been made to the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and 
to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other 
or further stock exchanges, markets or quotation systems agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes 
are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchanges, quotation systems and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, English law, save for Condition 15 (Meetings of 
Noteholders and Modification) which is subject to compliance with the 
laws of the Republic of Italy. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the United Kingdom, France, the Republic of Italy, 
Belgium, Singapore, Switzerland and Japan, and such other restrictions

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
as may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D or TEFRA not applicable, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing the Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. The Issuer has identified below the factors which could 
materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due under the Notes. Most of these factors 
are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the 
likelihood of any such contingency occurring. In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the matters described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the 
Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. In 
addition, the order in which the risk factors are presented below is not intended to be indicative of the relative 
likelihood that each risk will materialise or of the magnitude of its potential impact on the business, financial 
condition or results of operations of the Issuer.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
have the same meanings in this section. 
MATERIAL RISKS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE ISSUER  
The material risks that are specific to the Issuer have been classified under the following categories: 
1. Risks relating to the structure of the Issuer and the Group; 
2. Industry and business-related risks;  
3. Financial risks;  
4. Insurance services risks; and 
5. Regulatory and legal risks. 
1. Risks relating to the structure of the Issuer and the Group 
No security interest has been created by the Issuer to secure the claims of Noteholders under the Notes, nor 
will any guarantee be issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance (the MEF, Ministero 
dell’Economia e delle Finanze) or Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A. (Cassa Depositi e Prestiti or CDP), in their 
capacity as shareholders of the Issuer in favour of Noteholders. Consequently, the Issuer will meet its payment 
obligations under the Notes primarily through the results of its business activities.  
The financial condition and results of operation of Poste Italiane materially depend, in addition to its cash flow, 
on the inflow of sufficient funds from BancoPosta RFC and from Poste Italiane’s subsidiaries (such as Poste 
Vita), in the form of distributable profits, dividends or fees and commissions from the provision of services 
such as the utilisation of the Issuer’s distribution channels. However, the Issuer’s assets and legal relationship 
relating to BancoPosta RFC are designated exclusively to a pool of assets segregated in all respects from the 
residual assets of the Issuer. As a consequence, in the event of any liquidation or winding-up of the Issuer, any 
cash realised from the sale of BancoPosta RFC’s assets would be used to pay BancoPosta RFC’s creditors 
before any payments could be made to the Issuer’s other creditors, including Noteholders. See “Description of 
the Issuer – Creation of BancoPosta ring-fenced capital”.  
The same principles would apply to the Issuer’s subsidiaries and, in any liquidation or winding-up, creditors 
of a subsidiary, including its trade creditors and lenders, would be entitled to the assets of that subsidiary before

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
any of those assets could be distributed to its shareholder (i.e. Poste Italiane or its liquidator). As a result, to 
the extent that it is necessary to satisfy the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Notes by realising the assets 
of BancoPosta RFC or of the Issuer’s direct and indirect subsidiaries, those obligations will effectively be 
subordinated to the prior payment of all the debts and other liabilities of BancoPosta RFC and of the Issuer’s 
direct and indirect subsidiaries, including the rights of trade and financial creditors, as well as contingent 
liabilities, all of which could be substantial.  
2. Industry and business-related risks  
Macroeconomic conditions and risks relating to rising inflation within the Eurozone 
Global economic cycles can affect the Group’s activities due to their effects on GDP growth rates. In the near 
future, the stability of the Eurozone might be adversely impacted by a number of events, including those related 
to Covid-19, and the European Central Bank’s (the ECB) assessment of the inflation and growth data from 
December 2021 onwards. This data indicated upwards inflationary pressure and the related threats to the 
recovery of GDP growth in the Eurozone that had been gathering pace following the peaking of the Covid-19 
pandemic in Europe, supported by the response measures adopted by the European Union and the EU Member 
States.  
The Eurozone Harmonized Index of Consumer Prices has continued to rise, driven by a range of factors, 
including continued upward pressure on the energy inflation rate due to higher crude oil prices, compounded 
by the outbreak of hostilities in Ukraine following the invasion by Russia, which is affecting gas prices and 
may result in shortages in gas supply (see “Risks associated with the Russian invasion of Ukraine” below). 
In July 2022, given the growing geopolitical risks due to the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, combined 
with persistent high inflationary pressures, mainly because of surging energy and food prices, the ECB raised 
the key ECB rates by 50 basis points. In September 2022, the ECB raised the three key ECB interest rates by 
further 75 basis points. Based on its assessment, over the next several meetings, the ECB expects to raise 
interest rates further to dampen demand and guard against the risk of a persistent upward shift in inflation 
expectations. Moreover, the ECB announced the end of net asset purchases under its “asset purchase 
programme” (APP) on 1 July 2022. Yet, it explained that the Governing Council “intends to continue 
reinvesting, in full, the principal payments from maturing securities purchased under the APP for an extended 
period of time past the date when it starts raising the key ECB interest rates and, in any case, for as long as 
necessary to maintain ample liquidity conditions and an appropriate monetary policy stance”. Finally, the 
ECB’s staff projections have been revised upwards from the March projections foreseeing annual inflation at 
6.8% in 2022, before declining to 3.5% in 2023 and 2.1% in 2024.  
In addition to monetary stimulus, on 21 July 2020, the governments of the EU Member States of the European 
Union agreed upon the establishment of a Recovery Fund of €750 billion, including €390 billion in grants and 
€360 billion in loans, to be disbursed over the 2021-2024 period, as part of the 2021-2027 EU budget. 
However, despite this stimulus, any potential draining of liquidity may adversely impact growth in Eurozone 
countries, including Italy, with potential negative impacts on the Group’s business and results of operations.  
There can be no assurance that the economy in Europe will not worsen, nor can there be any assurance that 
current or future assistance packages or measures granted to certain Eurozone countries will be available or, 
even if provided, will be sufficient to stabilize the affected countries and markets and secure the position of 
the Euro. Poste Italiane is dependent on the economic environment and cyclical trends, especially in the 
domestic economy – Italy being the country in which the Group operates almost exclusively – and is adversely 
affected by any economic downturn, market crisis or period of instability. In particular, economic downturn 
and prolonged instability may result in a stagnation or decrease in demand for most of the different businesses 
in which Poste Italiane and its Group operate, adversely affecting the services of Poste Italiane. This in turn 
may give rise to a decrease in volumes, prices and profitability levels, which may have an adverse effect on 
the financial condition and results of operations of Poste Italiane. 
All these factors may have an adverse impact on the business operations of Poste Italiane and its Group, its 
funding and liquidity as well as the market value of its assets.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
Risks associated with the Russian invasion of Ukraine  
The protraction of Russia’s military aggression of Ukraine, commenced in February 2022, has made the 
outlook for the remainder of 2022 and the medium term all the more uncertain and unpredictable. Those 
developments could trigger a slowdown in the macroeconomic cycle, a stagnation or, under the worst possible 
outcome, a global recession. 
A weak economy and prolonged instability generally may result in a decline in the demand for mail and 
logistics services. Poste Italiane is dependent on the economic environment, sector-specific conditions in the 
logistics and transport industry and cyclical trends in the world economy and may be adversely affected by 
any downturn in regional or worldwide economies, market crises as well as prolonged periods of instability. 
The war in Ukraine beginning in late February, the subsequent sanctions against Russia and Russian interests 
and national export controls by a number of countries, including the European Union, have led to shortages of 
commodities and intermediate products and are impeding industrial production and dampening global growth 
in net terms as well. There is a strong correlation between economic development and trade flows and, 
consequently, economic downturns and phases of prolonged instability often coincide with a decline in trade 
volumes and therefore transportation quantities. A weak economy and prolonged instability, in particular in 
Italy, may generally result in a stagnation of, or decline in, the demand for mail and logistics services, which 
could adversely affect Poste Italiane’s business. 
National export controls and sanctions regimes can also have a significant impact on the local or regional 
operations and services of Poste Italiane, either due to disruptions in the international logistics network or new 
restrictions on transactions or activities in connection with certain goods, countries or denied parties. The 
dynamically changing legal environment in conjunction with the war in Ukraine is a prominent example. As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, it is not possible to predict the broader consequences of the invasion, which 
could include further sanctions, export controls and embargoes, greater regional instability, geopolitical shifts 
and other adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, currency exchange rates, supply chains and financial 
markets, all of which could, either directly or indirectly, have an adverse impact on the Issuer’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Intense competition in the sectors in which Poste Italiane operates  
The Issuer’s competitors in the mail sector are mainly focused on high-value urban areas and customers, 
characterised by lower operational costs and higher profitability. As a result, some of these operators have 
consolidated their presence, mainly through price competition, gaining market shares. This pressure on prices 
is not in line with the Universal Postal Service mission, which involves the provision of services also to less 
profitable areas and guaranteeing a high standard of service all over the country. For a description of the 
Universal Postal Service, see “Description of the Issuer – Business of the Group – 1. Mail, Parcels and 
Distribution” and “Description of the Issuer – Regulatory Framework”. Intensifying competition, coupled with 
the restrictions on the Issuer’s ability to choose where and how to carry out its operations, could result in 
declining margins for the Issuer and adversely affect its financial results.  
In addition, the increasing use of electronic forms of communication has resulted in a shrinkage of the Italian 
and international physical mail market. Indeed, the way in which Poste Italiane’s customers communicate and 
the extent to which electronic media continue to replace physical mail influences demand for mail services in 
Italy and abroad (for further details, see “Description of the Issuer – Business of the Group – 1. Mail, Parcels 
and Distribution”). A continuing decline in demand may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial 
results. 
With specific reference to the parcels sector, the competitive pressure mainly derives from international and 
consolidated operators with higher investment capacity than the Issuer. The Italian and European markets are 
undergoing a consolidation phase that might further increase this competitive pressure. The parcels market is 
moving increasingly more towards sophisticated value-added services, such as tracking, flexibility of 
destination, planned time of delivery, etc. Such services are now enablers for segmentation and higher prices.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
In addition, the consolidation of individual e-commerce purchases in larger units can result in lower volumes, 
increased competition due to the shift of these items into other market segments and thus lower profitability 
for Poste Italiane. If the resulting decline in demand for physical mail products cannot be compensated by the 
successful introduction of innovative new products, e.g. electronic communications, generating new business 
and providing innovative logistic solutions in line with customers’ demand, or making prices and costs of 
transport and delivery services more flexible, Poste Italiane’s revenues, results of operations and/or financial 
condition could be adversely affected. If the Issuer is not able to respond to such competitive pressure with the 
offer of products and value-added services that satisfy its clients, it might lose its market share and/or price 
willingness from the market, which would consequently have a negative impact on its financial results. 
In the financial sector, the Issuer’s BancoPosta RFC activities - notwithstanding the differences from those 
activities normally carried out by banks - are exposed to the typical competitive risks of the banking sector, 
especially considering the Italian market and its current consolidation process. If the Issuer is not able to 
respond to the competitive pressure in the banking sector, it might lose clients, which would consequently 
have a negative impact on its financial results. 
Moreover, the implementation of Directive 2015/2366/EU, the EU directive on payment services in the 
internal market (PSD2), lowered the entry barriers for third-party providers and financial technology 
companies and enabled new business models and a wide range of new payment services. In this respect, 
PostePay operates as an electronic money institution (EMI) through ring-fenced capital related to e-payments 
and payment services (for further details, see “Description of the Issuer – Regulatory Framework – Payments 
and Mobile”).  
As such, if PostePay, acting as an EMI, is not able to rapidly develop new e-money and payment services and 
respond to competitive pressure, it might lose clients, which would consequently have a negative impact on 
its financial results and, indirectly, on the Group’s financial results. In particular, the Group may lose its market 
– especially the market for payment services linked to current accounts – as a consequence of the launch of 
new forms of payment.  
In the insurance sector, the Group is exposed to the typical risks deriving from competitive pressure in the 
Italian insurance market, mainly characterised by the creation of joint ventures between banks and insurance 
companies aimed at offering to clients joint banking and insurance products and services, leveraging on their 
respective distribution channels. If the Issuer is not able to respond to the competitive pressure with the offer 
of products and services that satisfy its clients, it might lose its market share, which would consequently have 
a negative impact on its financial results. 
Uncertainties in the Universal Postal Service activity  
Risk related to the compensation to be paid to the Issuer for the provision of the Universal Postal Service 
There is a risk linked to the calculation of the compensation to be paid by the Italian State to the Issuer for the 
provision of the Universal Postal Service.  
With Resolution 199/21 CONS of 17 June 2021, AGCom completed its assessment of the net cost for the years 
2017, 2018 and 2019 and established that the net cost incurred by Poste Italiane was Euro 354.5 million for 
2017, Euro 334.5 million for 2018 and Euro 175 million for 2019. The authority determined that the net costs 
incurred by Poste Italiane were unfair; however, as of the date of this Base Prospectus the compensation fund 
has not yet been established. On 30 September 2022, Poste Italiane lodged an appeal against this resolution 
and the dispute is pending. There is a risk that the methodology applied by AGCom could lead in future to a 
net cost of the Universal Postal Service estimated by AGCom to be lower than the amounts agreed between 
the Issuer and the State (see “Description of the Issuer – Regulatory Framework – Mail, Parcels and 
Distribution – recent history and current framework”). This could, over time, have a negative effect on the 
Issuer’s margins and financial results. Moreover, considering that the current mandate from the MED for the 
provision of the Universal Postal Service by Poste Italiane will expire in 2026, there is uncertainty regarding 
the subsequent applicable framework.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
Law Decree 244/2016 (the so-called “Mille Proroghe” decree), converted with amendments into Law 19 of 
27 February 2017, has restored the reduced tariffs regime applicable to publishers and non-profit organisations 
with tariff compensation borne by the State. The reduced tariffs regime establishes an ex-post compensation 
system from the State to Poste Italiane.  
The duration of the compensation system is currently around six years (until 2026) and the maximum total 
amount of compensation amounts to Euro 57.5 million for 2017, Euro 59.3 million for 2018, Euro 54.9 million 
for 2019, Euro 53.1 million for 2020, Euro 53.2 million for 2021, Euro 52.5 million for 2022, Euro 52.5 million 
for 2023 and Euro 52.5 million for 2024. The compensation amounts accrued by Poste Italiane were 
approximately equal to Euro 42 million in 2017 (due to limited volumes effectively registered in the same 
year), and were entirely covered by the compensation paid. Thanks to an increase in the tariffs set by AGCom, 
the compensation amounted to Euro 62 million in 2018, Euro 59 million in 2019, Euro 53 million in 2020 and 
Euro 53 million in 2021. For the subsequent years (and until 2026) there is the risk that the State Budget will 
be lower than the compensation to be paid to Poste Italiane. The current mandate from the MED for the 
provision of the Universal Postal Service by Poste Italiane will expire in 2026 and, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, it is uncertain whether (i) such mandate for the provision of the Universal Postal Service will be 
renewed, and (ii) the reduced tariffs regime for publishers will still be in place.  
Risk related to the new regime for access to the universal postal network 
Regarding the right to direct access to the universal postal network, on 18 October 2017, AGCom published 
resolution 384/17/CONS containing “Changes to the provisions governing access to Poste Italiane’s postal 
network and infrastructure” (the former rules being stated in resolution 728/13/Cons), establishing a new 
regime for access to the universal postal network based, inter alia, on the definition of a test of the replicability 
of Poste Italiane’s offerings regarding multi-item deliveries to large private customers or in relation to public 
tenders. AGCom is currently carrying out the sub-proceedings to determine the definition of this mechanism. 
Poste Italiane shall comply with the relevant mechanism in offering business mail products. There is a risk that 
final resolution by AGCom may hamper the commercial flexibility of the Issuer in the context of public and 
private tenders.  
On 18 December 2017, three appeals were lodged before the Lazio Regional Administrative Court, 
respectively, by different operators, specifically the Fulmine Group S.r.l. (AREL - Delivery Licensees Agency 
consortium company), Nexive S.p.A. (Nexive) and Assopostale/GPS/MailExpress/CityPost. In these appeals 
each operator requested the cancellation of the resolution, with prior injunctive relief, in those parts where it: 
(i) determines the amount of coverage by alternative networks; (ii) redefines the access points and the related 
obligations for Poste Italiane; (iii) provides for the replicability test tool; and (iv) does not regulate the 
obligations regarding access to infrastructure. The appeal is pending. At a hearing on 7 February 2018, 
injunctive relief was not granted and a hearing on the merits of the case has not yet been scheduled. By means 
of AGCom resolution 171/22/CONS, issued in June 2022, Poste Italiane’s obligations to allow third-party 
operators to access the universal postal network were made stricter, against those previously provided for by 
resolution 384/17/CONS. There is a risk that the conditions for access to the Poste Italiane’s network by third-
party operators could cause a decrease in revenues for Poste Italiane. 
Risk related to the provision of the legal process and notification of violations of the Highway Code postal 
service 
Law 124/2017 removed the exclusive right of Poste Italiane to offer services relating to legal process and 
notification of violations of the Highway Code (Codice della Strada). AGCom issued resolution 77/18/CONS, 
dated 20 February 2018, setting out the regulations for the issuance of special individual licences to provide 
postal services relating to legal process and the notification of violations of the Highway Code (Codice della 
Strada), including quality targets. The Ministry of Economic Development (MED) adopted the implementing 
regulations thereof by Decree dated 19 July 2018, published in Official Gazette no. 208 of 7 September 2018. 
In February 2020, the Ministry of Justice adopted some implementing Guidelines for the professional training 
of personnel employed in the field of postal notification, thus enabling the effective entry into the market of 
licensed alternative operators. There is a risk that rules established by AGCom on the issuance of licences will

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
expose Poste Italiane to an increase in competitive pressure in the market, having a negative impact on 
revenues in this segment. 
Risk related to re-opening of post offices after the Covid-19 pandemic health emergency phase 
In order to contain the impacts of the pandemic (securing the post office network and managing the high rate 
of absenteeism connected with Covid-19), with the aim of guaranteeing the continuous provision of the service, 
Poste Italiane has adopted extraordinary measures for its network of post offices. During 2020-2021, about 
26% of post offices were closed and nearly 21% operated with shorter opening hours than standard. During 
the course of 2022, Poste Italiane implemented a gradual and progressive return to usual network operations. 
As of November 2022, 47 post offices remain closed (equal to 0.4% of the network), 993 offices observe a 
shorter weekly timetable compared to the standard one and 195 post offices have suspended the afternoon 
shift. On 22 July 2022, AGCom ordered Poste Italiane to re-establish full operation of the pre-pandemic post 
office network by 22 November 2022, considering the end of the state of emergency as of 31 March 2022. On 
22 November 2022, Poste sent a request to AGCom for 30 more days to provide its assessments on the ongoing 
network reorganisation, given the need to continue managing staff absences due to Covid-19 infections. There 
is a risk that, following the expiration of the deadline of 22 November 2022, the Authority may initiate a 
sanctioning procedure against Poste Italiane. Pursuant to Article 21 of Legislative Decree 261/99, the sanction 
may vary from Euro 5,000 to Euro 150,000 for each breach (Euro 10,000 in the case of voluntary payment 
with no challenge of the sanction for each post office not having re-established the pre-pandemic schedule). 
The dispute could be worth more than 10 million euros.  
Operational risks  
The Group is exposed to several types of operational risks. The Group’s systems and processes are designed 
and structured to ensure that operational risks are appropriately monitored. In particular, the following risks, 
among others, are closely monitored: (i) IT risk, above all the risk that malfunctions and/or shortcomings in 
information systems could result in the loss of data integrity, leaks of personal data or breaches of 
confidentiality, potentially causing disruption to the services provided to customers; (ii) health and safety risk, 
with specific regard to the risk of workplace injury to employees or contractors as a result of operating activities 
(e.g. the collection, transport and sorting of parcels and letter post, and the delivery of postal products using 
motor vehicles); and (iii) physical security risk, relating to access to the headquarters premises of Group 
companies, to post offices or other private areas by unauthorised or unidentified persons, and the limited 
protection of Poste Italiane’s assets and property against criminal behaviour (robberies, losses resulting from 
fraud, theft, ATM attacks, vandalism, etc). Operational risk also includes disruption and/or obstacles to entry 
to the Group’s operating facilities (mail sorting centres and delivery centres, etc) due to industrial action or 
strikes, and also natural disasters such as earthquakes. Any failure or weakness in the Issuer’s monitoring 
system could adversely affect the Group’s financial condition and the results of its operations. 
Transportation costs form a significant part of Poste Italiane’s mail and parcel business cost base. Any increase 
in costs stemming from commodity price fluctuations, in particular, fluctuating fuel prices, which cannot be 
passed on to customers via operating measures, could adversely affect Poste Italiane’s results of operations 
and/or financial condition.  
Risks related to personnel  
The Issuer’s activities, especially in the mail sector, require a high number of employees in order to satisfy the 
requirements for the provision of the Universal Postal Service in terms of geographic areas covered and 
delivery standards. Following the decline in mail volumes in recent years, the Issuer put in place an 
incentivised redundancy plan based on low social impact instruments, such as consensual resolutions, in order 
to maintain an efficient proportion between the operating needs and the workforce employed in the sector. 
However, if the decline in mail volumes is greater than expected, there is a risk that the significant fixed costs 
related to employees could reduce the competitiveness of the Issuer, with a consequent impact on its financial 
results.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the ratio between the Group’s consolidated cost of personnel (Euro 
5,467 million) and its total costs (Euro 9,375 million) was around 58%. For the first half of 2022, the ratio 
between the Group’s consolidated cost of personnel (Euro 2,590 million) and its total costs (Euro 4,473 
million) was around 58%. Based on internal estimates, a large majority of the Issuer’s employees are members 
of trade unions. Therefore, there is a risk that possible strikes or interruptions in working activity, even though 
carried out in compliance with the law, could impact the level of services offered to its clients, with a 
consequent negative effect on the Issuer’s image, results of operations and financial results. 
3. Financial risks  
Risks relating to the holding of sovereign debt securities  
The Group, in particular through BancoPosta RFC, Poste Italiane and its subsidiary Poste Vita, held sovereign 
debt securities amounting to Euro 146.7 billion as at 30 June 2022 (Euro 137.6 billion (in total nominal value) 
as at 31 December 2021). The sovereign debt securities held by the Issuer are almost entirely issued by the 
Republic of Italy, and, for a residual part, by other EU Member States. Some of these debt securities are 
classified as “fair value through other comprehensive income” and are, therefore, recorded at their fair value 
under the International Financial Reporting Standards (the IFRS), as adopted by the EU and implemented by 
the Bank of Italy’s instructions set forth under Resolution No. 262 of 22 December 2005. A possible 
downgrade of the Italian credit rating, and more generally the increase of tensions in the sovereign debt market, 
may adversely affect their relevant fair value, and consequently adversely affect Poste Italiane’s net worth. 
BancoPosta RFC’s portfolio exposure generates an interest rate risk which is hedged through the use of 
derivatives. The main mitigation instruments used are related to fair value hedges and cash flow hedges. 
Downgrading of the Issuer’s ratings  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Poste Italiane has the following ratings assigned to it: 
 
S&P: BBB/Stable; and 
 
Moody’s: Baa3/Negative. 
Any significant deterioration or downgrading of those ratings may adversely affect Poste Italiane’s access to 
alternative sources of funding and may increase the cost of funding, all of which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s financial condition or results of operations.  
In addition, the methodologies used by rating agencies are not limited to an assessment of the financial 
condition of the Issuer and, in practice, its credit ratings closely reflect those of the Republic of Italy. The 
Issuer is therefore exposed to the risk of downgrades in the sovereign credit rating of Italy, which have occurred 
in recent years. In particular, the Republic of Italy’s credit rating was downgraded to Baa3 by Moody’s in 
October 2018 and to BBB- by Fitch in April 2020. Further downgrades of Italy’s credit rating may have a 
knock-on effect on the credit rating of Poste Italiane.  
See also “Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all risks” below. 
Credit and liquidity risks related to the commercial relationship with Italian governmental bodies  
Owing to its business activities, Poste Italiane might accumulate credit exposures to the Italian governmental 
bodies, although the amounts would be much lower than in the past, for instance, relating (by way of example, 
based on past experience) to payment of remuneration for the provision of the Universal Postal Service. 
Therefore, Poste Italiane’s financial condition may be adversely affected by any delay in the payment of 
amounts due to it by the MEF and other Italian governmental bodies. As at 31 December 2021, Poste Italiane 
Group’s amounts outstanding due from central and local authorities amounted to Euro 646 million, gross of 
provisions for doubtful debts.  
Risks related to the transfer of funds within the Group

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
In 2021, the Mail, Parcel and Distribution Strategic Business Unit had revenues from other business sectors of 
Euro 4,694 million. Such revenues, almost entirely attributable to the Issuer, were derived mainly from 
BancoPosta RFC for the utilisation of the Issuer’s distribution channel (for further details see “Description of 
the Issuer – Business of the Group – 1. Mail, Parcels and Distribution – Revenues in the Mail, Parcels and 
Distribution segment from other business areas”). In addition, in 2021 the Issuer received Euro 613 million of 
dividends from its subsidiaries (of which Euro 429 million from Poste Vita) and Euro 579 million in the form 
of distributable reserves from BancoPosta RFC.  
The financial condition and results of operations of Poste Italiane therefore depend materially on the inflow of 
sufficient funds from (i) BancoPosta RFC in the form of fees and commissions for the provision of services, 
such as utilisation of the Issuer’s distribution channels, and, to a lesser extent, where approved by the Issuer’s 
shareholders’ meeting, in the form of distributable reserves created through the allocation of net profits of 
BancoPosta RFC; and (ii) its subsidiaries (such as Poste Vita), in the form of dividends or fees and 
commissions for the provision of services, such as the utilisation of the Issuer’s distribution channels. 
Consequently, any deterioration in the net assets, financial position and results of operations of the Issuer’s 
subsidiaries and/or BancoPosta RFC may significantly reduce the volume of those funds. Similarly, the 
availability of those funds could be affected by restrictions on the transfer of funds to the Issuer by its 
subsidiaries and/or BancoPosta RFC (for example, by reason of solvency ratio or capital adequacy 
requirements).  
Risks related to the execution of the Group’s strategy  
The capacity of the Issuer to optimise its revenues and to improve its position in the markets in which it 
operates depends, among other things, on successfully achieving its own strategy. The strategy of the Group 
is based on investments in human capital and in sale channels and on the development of its four principal 
sectors of activity: (i) mail, parcels and distribution; (ii) payments and mobile; (iii) financial services; and (iv) 
insurance services, as described in “Description of the Issuer – Strategy and Business Plan”.  
In order to mitigate the execution risks of the Plan, the Group has implemented some initiatives such as the 
new Group labour contract, a renewed three-year partnership with Amazon in the e-commerce sector, the 
Universal Service Obligation and a new placement agreement of postal savings bonds and postal savings 
passbooks with Cassa Depositi e Prestiti. All these initiatives represent a concrete way to successfully deliver 
the plan. 
If the Group was unable to implement its growth strategy successfully, this could have an impact on its business 
and prospects and, as a result, its financial position and operations might be adversely affected. 
Risks related to the financial services activity of BancoPosta RFC  
The financial services activities carried out by BancoPosta RFC are regulated by specific legislative provisions 
(mainly Presidential Decree No. 144 of 14 March 2001 and Law No. 296 of 27 December 2006). Such 
provisions explicitly exclude BancoPosta RFC from engaging in lending activities to the public. BancoPosta 
RFC is required to invest all the funds deriving from private customers’ deposits into Eurozone sovereign debt 
securities or – up to a maximum of 50% of the total amount – into securities guaranteed by the Italian State; 
within the aforementioned limit of 50%, since July 2021 BancoPosta is allowed to invest a maximum of 30% 
(i.e. 15% of the total amount) in specific tax credits (for further details see “Description of the Issuer – Business 
of the Group – 3. Financial Services”). The funds deriving from public sector entities’ deposits must be 
invested into a deposit with the MEF remunerated at a floating rate of interest that is revised every month on 
the basis of a basket of market indices (calculated as a weighted average of short-and-long term Italian 
government bond yields at issuance). BancoPosta RFC’s financial services business is exposed to certain risks 
which may have an impact on its net worth, financial position and results of operations, including (i) 
operational risks; and (ii) banking book risks related to the above-mentioned debt securities. These risks 
include market risks, credit risks (issuers’ risks), interest rate and liquidity risks due to mismatching between 
the duration of the securities in respect of the amortization profile of the liabilities, and the volatility of such 
liabilities. With reference to liquidity risk, from June 2020 BancoPosta RFC may access a three-year 
committed repo line with CDP up to a maximum of Euro 4.25 billion (unused at 30 June 2022), as an

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
instrument to mitigate the risk in case of adverse market conditions. In particular, with reference to the interest 
rate risk, during downward phases in market interest rates, revenues from interest margins of BancoPosta RFC 
tend to diminish, although there is a corresponding increase in the market price of securities held in the 
portfolio. By contrast, in upward phases of market interest rates, revenues from interest margins tend to 
increase, while there is a corresponding decrease in the market price of securities held in the portfolio. 
In addition, the placement activities carried out by Bancoposta may lead to reputational risks with particular 
reference to the performance or the perceived performance of postal savings products and investment products 
issued by third-party entities (bonds, certificates and real estate funds) or by Group companies (insurance 
policies issued by the subsidiaries Poste Vita and Poste Assicura and mutual funds managed by BancoPosta 
Fondi S.p.A. SGR) and placed by Bancoposta. In this regard, the Group’s business could be affected by 
damages resulting from potential customer claims or, indirectly, by a reduction of assets under management 
due to early divestments or redemptions by dissatisfied customers. 
Risks related to the relationship with Cassa Depositi e Prestiti  
On 24 December 2021, Poste Italiane and CDP entered into a new agreement to regulate the placement and 
management of Postal Savings products for a four-year period from 2021 to 2024. The overall value of the 
agreement over the related four-year period ranges from a floor of Euro 6.4 billion to a cap of Euro 7.4 billion 
(for further details see “Description of the Issuer – Business of the Group – 3. Financial Services”). 
Specific budgets are allocated for initiatives concerning the promotion of postal savings products and the 
development of new technological solutions related to the selling of postal savings passbooks and postal 
savings bonds. 
Due to the current macroeconomic scenario, the net inflows on postal savings passbooks and postal savings 
bonds are negative and below the collection target set out in the agreement for 2022. In this context, the Issuer 
and CDP have agreed to establish an action plan aimed at enhancing the collection of postal savings products. 
If the plan is not sufficient to meet the minimum savings thresholds provided under the agreement with CDP, 
the latter may request a good faith renegotiation of such agreement. A renegotiation of the agreement could 
result in the terms and conditions of the renegotiated agreement being less favourable to the Issuer, which 
could lead to a decline in the Group’s revenues and have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
4. Insurance services risks  
Market risks from investments 
The Insurance Services Strategic Business Unit represents a significant part of the Group’s business and, in 
2021, reached an operating profit of Euro 1,123 million, amounting to approximately 61% of the Group’s 
operating profit of Euro 1,846 million (for further details see “Description of the Issuer – Business of the 
Group”). A key part of the business of Poste Vita is its investment in financial instruments, which it holds 
mainly in order to cover its contractual obligations to policyholders in relation to traditional life policies and 
index-linked and unit-linked policies. Other investments in financial instruments relate to the investment of 
Poste Vita’s capital. As a result, Poste Vita is exposed, either directly or indirectly, to a series of market risks 
from its investments in financial instruments, such as price risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk, asset and 
liability management risk, credit risk, exchange rate risk, concentration risk and real estate risk.  
Life insurance services risks  
As at 30 June 2022, life business technical provisions amounted to Euro 142.9 billion (Euro 158.8 billion as 
at 31 December 2021). 
Life insurance risks arise as a result of the entering into of insurance contracts and the terms and conditions 
contained therein (technical bases adopted, premium calculation, terms and conditions of early redemption, 
etc.).

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
The risks to which Poste Vita is mainly exposed are those deriving from the segregated funds (gestioni 
separate) in class I policies (polizze di ramo I) sold by Poste Vita, which – as is typical in the insurance 
business – represent assigned portfolios of assets to cover insurance liabilities. In particular, such risks relate 
to the minimum returns on investments guaranteed to policyholders and to the potential impact on Poste Vita’s 
financial statements of the value attributed to the assets in which the technical provisions are invested. 
Considering the current asset allocation of Poste Vita, Italian Government bonds spread versus risk-free rates, 
corporate bonds spread and interest rates are the main risk factors. Moreover, lapse rate and mortality rate are 
additional risk factors in the life insurance business of Poste Vita. Lapse rate risk is related to the negative 
impact on Poste Vita’s bottom line caused by the loss of future fees in case of early redemption of policies in 
excess of the rate considered in the actuarial hypothesis. Mortality rate risk, for products such as term life 
insurance, where insurance companies are required to pay the beneficiary a lump-sum claim amount in the 
event of the death of the insured person, is the risk of economic losses if the mortality rate exceeds the 
mortality’s probabilities calculated according to actuarial methodologies used in defining the pricing of the 
above mentioned term life products.  
Non-life insurance services risks 
Since 2010, Poste Assicura (fully owned by Poste Vita) has offered non-life insurance products and services 
(including motor insurance services from 2020). The non-life insurance business is typically cyclical. In 
particular, non-life insurers have experienced significant fluctuations in operating results due to volatile and 
unpredictable developments, many of which are beyond the direct control of the insurers, including 
competition, frequency or severity of catastrophic events, general economic conditions and changes in 
customers’ expectations of premium levels. Such events (excluding catastrophy risk, which is limited) may 
cause a decline in Poste Assicura’s revenues and adversely affect Poste Assicura’s results of operations and 
financial condition. As at 31 December 2021, Poste Assicura's non-life business technical provisions, net of 
the portion ceded to reinsurers, amounted to Euro 0.3 billion (Euro 0.3 billion as at 30 June 2022). 
Risks relating to the Solvency Requirements  
Both Poste Vita and Poste Assicura are required to comply with the capital adequacy requirements of the 
regulatory framework of the Solvency II Directive (for further details see “Description of the Issuer – 
Regulatory Framework – Insurance Services”)– aimed at, among other things, preserving capital stability and 
solidity. The Solvency Ratio of Poste Vita Group (calculated as the ratio between the own funds eligible to 
cover the capital requirement and the regulatory minimum level calculated on the basis of the Solvency II 
Directive), as at 30 June 2022, stands at 222%, down compared to 261%, as at 31 December 2021, and remains 
well above the regulatory requirements, in line with sector averages and management expectations. Inclusion 
of the transitional measures for technical provisions approved by the supervisory authority in 2019 resulted in 
an increase in eligible own funds, bringing the Solvency Ratio to 243% as at 30 June 2022 (286% as at 31 
December 2021).  
In line with the “24SI” Plan,  to support the future development of Poste Vita Group’s business and considering 
the potential risk related to the trend of a few key economic factors (BTP spread and/or interest rates) that 
could influence the Solvency Ratio of the Poste Vita Group, on 26 July 2021, Poste Italiane increased the 
capital provided to Poste Vita by subscribing a subordinated, non-convertible capital instrument with a 
perpetual duration and a 10-year non-call period, amounting to Euro 300 million, on terms and conditions that 
enable it to be included in the core capital (Restricted Tier 1 or RT1), in order to strengthen the Solvency 
Ratio of the Poste Vita Group. In addition, on 3 August 2022, the Parent Company further increased the capital 
provided to Poste Vita by subscribing another 10-year non-call RT1, amounting to Euro 500 million. 
As an additional lever of capital management, the Company cautiously introduced a “recovery option” which 
can be activated in the event of a crisis, which calls for an increase in the share capital through the issue of 
new stocks to be underwritten by the sole shareholder, Poste Italiane. 
In this context, either Poste Vita and/or Poste Assicura may be required to take further action to strengthen 
their capital in order to achieve capital adequacy levels set under the framework applicable from time to time.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
This may be due to a change in the legal or regulatory framework or as a result of external factors (including 
those set out in “Market risks from investments” above), which could reduce their capital adequacy. A 
requirement for the Group’s insurance companies to strengthen their capital ratios could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
5. Regulatory and legal risks 
Regulatory risks  
Given that the Group operates in a range of different sectors (including the postal, integrated communication 
services, logistics, financial and insurance sectors), it is subject to numerous laws and regulations (including 
sector-specific laws and regulations as well as tax, anti-money laundering, privacy, antitrust and environmental 
legislation). In particular, the possible evolution of the supervisory rules regarding BancoPosta RFC might 
result in the need for additional capitalisation. Compliance with these laws and regulations requires, inter alia, 
ongoing adjustments to internal processes and procedures, their application to market circumstances, initiatives 
designed to prevent external disputes and appropriate staff training. Compliance with the relevant rules 
involves significant costs, which may adversely affect Poste Italiane’s revenues, results of operations and/or 
financial condition. 
Risks related to cross-subsidisation and abuse of dominant position  
Under national and European antitrust regulations, any Italian company entrusted by law with the provision of 
services of general economic interest, entailing special or exclusive rights of access to any asset used for that 
service provision, or having monopoly characteristics, is subject to special regulations designed to protect 
competition. In particular, the practice of cross-subsidisation is banned between the activities carried out by 
the Issuer within the Universal Postal Service and the Group’s other commercial activities. In light of the 
above-mentioned prohibition, the Issuer has to set up separate companies in order to supply services other than 
postal and banking services.  
Moreover, in accordance with an Italian national competition authority (AGCM) decision, article 8, paragraph 
2-quater of Law No. 287/90 (the Italian Antitrust Law) requires the Issuer to provide the use of any asset 
used for postal services delivery (including postal counters), at the same technical and economic conditions 
provided to its subsidiaries, to competitors in any other relevant market in which it indirectly operates (e.g. the 
mobile communications services market, due to the presence of PostePay in that market). These regulations, 
nevertheless, may hinder the Group’s diversification strategies, impacting its business prospects and ultimately 
its financial condition. Furthermore, national and European antitrust legislation prevents companies having a 
dominant position in a market from abusing that position and also from abusing it in connected markets through 
activities which, leveraging on the dominance in the first market, allow the company to strengthen its position 
in connected markets or obstruct access by other entities. In this respect, Poste Italiane is considered both by 
AGCom and AGCM to be the dominant player in the mail market (see resolution No. 728/13/CONS of 19 
December 2013).  
The imposition of sanctions against the Group’s companies by AGCom or AGCM and/or the European 
Commission in relation to possible abuses by the Group’s companies may have an impact on the Group’s 
business and prospects, and its financial condition and results of operations may be therefore adversely 
affected.   
Risks related to litigation  
Poste Italiane may be involved in disputes and litigation with European authorities, public authorities, 
supervisory authorities, tax authorities, competitors and other parties. Litigation and regulatory proceedings 
are inherently unpredictable. Legal or regulatory proceedings in which Poste Italiane is or comes to be involved 
(or settlements thereof) may adversely affect Poste Italiane’s results of operations and/or financial condition. 
For proceedings currently considered to involve material risks see also “Description of the Issuer - Litigation”.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
MATERIAL FACTORS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE NOTES 
The material risks that are specific to the Notes have been classified under the following categories: 
1. Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes;  
2. Risks related to Notes generally; and 
3. Risks related to the market generally. 
1. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common of those 
features. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
In addition, with respect to Condition 6.3(A) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-Up Call)), there 
is no obligation under the Condition for the Issuer to inform investors if and when 20 per cent. or less of the 
initial aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of Notes remains outstanding, and the Issuer’s right to 
redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise 
of the Clean-Up Call, the Notes may have been trading significantly above their Clean-Up Call Redemption 
Amount (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
Redemption for tax reasons 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to 
any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of 
Italy or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may 
redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. In such circumstances an investor may not 
be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable securities offering a yield as high as that of the 
relevant Notes. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
A holder of Fixed Rate Notes is exposed to the risk that the price of those Notes falls as a result of changes in 
the current interest rate on the capital markets (the Market Interest Rate). While the nominal interest rate of 
Fixed Rate Notes is fixed during the life of such Notes or during a certain period of time, the Market Interest 
Rate typically changes on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of such Notes moves in 
the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of such Notes typically falls, until the 
yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate. Conversely, if the Market Interest Rate 
falls, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically increases, until its yield is approximately equal to the Market 
Interest Rate. Investors should be aware that movements of the Market Interest Rate could adversely affect the 
market price of the Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes 
Notes with variable interest are subject to fluctuations in interest rate levels and can be volatile investments. 
In particular, there is no assurance that the amount of interest payable on such Notes will remain at any 
particular level (unless it is subject to a floor) and, where the reference rate used to calculate interest turns 
negative, the interest rate will be below the margin, if any, or may be zero. Accordingly, where the rate of 
interest is equal to zero, holders of such Notes may not be entitled to interest payments for certain or all interest 
periods. Furthermore, if those Notes are structured to include caps or floors, or a combination of both or other 
similar related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not 
include those features. 
CMS Linked Interest Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes with interest determined by reference to a constant maturity swap rate (defined as 
the “CMS Rate” in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”). Potential investors should be aware that:  
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile;  
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
the CMS Rate may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest 
rates, currencies or other indices; 
(iv) 
If they are structured to include caps or floors, or a combination of both or other similar related 
features, the effect of changes in the CMS Rate on interest payable is likely to be magnified; and 
(v) 
the timing of changes in the CMS Rate may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations. 
Fixed-to-floating or floating-to-fixed rate Notes 
Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest basis may affect the 
secondary market and the market value of such Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower 
interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate 
Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates 
on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than 
then prevailing rates for fixed rate notes. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes linked 
to or referencing such “benchmarks”  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”, (including EURIBOR) are the subject of 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any 
such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark, such as 
Floating Rate Notes.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It, 
among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, 
to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by 
EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU 
based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed 
to be a benchmark, including any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing EURIBOR, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or 
otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have (without 
limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing 
to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the 
benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise 
dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
The euro risk-free rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates.  
Investors should be aware that, if EURIBOR were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest 
on Floating Rate Notes which reference EURIBOR will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back 
provisions applicable to such Notes. Depending on the manner in which EURIBOR is to be determined under 
the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, this may (i) if ISDA Determination applies, be reliant upon the 
provision by reference banks of offered quotations for EURIBOR which, depending on market circumstances, 
may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when EURIBOR was 
available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any 
Floating Rate Notes which reference EURIBOR. 
The “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor 
service)) becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate determined by an Independent Adviser in consultation with the Issuer 
and that such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, 
to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. In certain circumstances the ultimate 
fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest 
Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on 
the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning 
the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the 
relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. If the Independent Adviser 
determines that amendments to the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” and the Agency Agreement are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread 
or to comply with any applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related document 
issued by the competent regulatory authority, then such amendments shall be made without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of Noteholders, as provided by Condition 4.3(d) (Benchmark Amendments). There 
is also a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as expected or intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. Moreover, 
any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could have a 
material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
Investors should consider these matters with their own independent advisers when making their investment 
decision with respect to any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
 
Potential conflicts of interest with the Calculation Agent or any Financial Adviser 
Any Calculation Agent appointed under the Programme (whether the Principal Paying Agent, any Paying 
Agent or otherwise) is the agent of the Issuer and not the agent of the Noteholders. Potential conflicts of interest 
may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders, including with respect to certain 
determinations and judgments that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions that may 
influence amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and upon their redemption. 
In particular, the Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under 
the Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which 
conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information barriers 
and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time 
be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by 
Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the 
Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Furthermore, a Dealer may be appointed by the Issuer to act as Financial Adviser in relation to any Series of 
Notes, pursuant to Conditions 4.2(b) and/or 6.3. As a result, a potential conflict of interest could arise should 
such Dealer also agree to subscribe the relevant Notes.  
2. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally. 
Reliance on Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global Notes will 
be deposited with a common depository or safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Except in certain limited circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors will not 
be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the 
beneficial interests in the Global Notes and, while the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, 
investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations 
under the Notes by making payments to or to the order of the common depository or common safekeeper, as 
the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder 
of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg 
to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant 
Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
Decisions at Noteholders’ meetings bind all Noteholders. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or 
by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests 
generally, including modifications to the terms and conditions relating to the Notes. These provisions permit 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including those who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting 
or, and including those Noteholders who voted against the majority. Any such modifications to the Notes 
(which may include, without limitation, lowering the ranking of the Notes, reducing the amount of principal 
and interest payable on the Notes, changing the time and manner of payment, changing provisions relating to 
redemption, limiting remedies on the Notes and changing the amendment provisions) may have an adverse 
impact on Noteholders’ rights and on the market value of the Notes.  
Changes in law or administrative practice. 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus, although 
certain provisions relating to the Notes are subject to compliance with certain mandatory provisions of Italian 
law, such as those applicable to Noteholders’ meetings and to the appointment and role of the Noteholders’ 
representative (rappresentante comune). No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial 
decision or change to English or Italian law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus 
and any such change could have a materially adverse impact on the value of any Notes affected by it. 
3. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. In addition, liquidity may be 
limited if the Issuer makes large allocations to a limited number of investors.  
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.  
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes 
under any applicable risk based capital or similar rules. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. In this 
respect, investors should be aware that:  
 
such ratings will reflect only the views of the relevant rating agency and may not reflect the potential 
impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes;  
 
a rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to review, revision, 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency; and 
 
notwithstanding the above, an adverse change in a credit rating could adversely affect the trading price 
for the Notes. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the 
case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings 
are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement, action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  
If the status of the agency rating the Notes changes, European regulated investors may no longer be able to use 
the rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This 
may result in European regulated investors selling the Notes which may impact the value of the Notes and any 
secondary market.  
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a 
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated list.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the final terms 
document for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme (the Final Terms). To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. Certain third party information has been 
extracted from external sources as described in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and, as far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from published information, 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
The following documents, having previously been published, are incorporated by reference in, and form part 
of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the auditors’ report and audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2020 available at www.posteitaliane.it / https://www.posteitaliane.it/en/debt-
rating.html / https://www.posteitaliane.it/files/1476538096024/annual-financial-report-2020.pdf, 
including the following pages: 
Report on Operations 
 
1. Introduction.............................................................  Page 8 to 13 
2. Highlights ...............................................................  Pages 14 to 19 
3. Business Model........................................................  Pages 20 to 71 
4. Strategy ..................................................................  Pages 72 to 89 
5. Risks and Opportunities ............................................  Pages 90 to 131 
6. Performance ............................................................  Page 132 to 333 
7. Outlook ..................................................................  Page 334 to 336 
8. Proposed shareholder resolutions and other information .  Page 337 to 350 
9. Consolidated non-financial statement ..........................  Page 351 to 370 
Financial statements of Poste Italiane as 31 December 2020 
 
1. Introduction.............................................................  Pages 378 to 379 
2. Basis for preparation and significant accounting............  Pages 380 to 407 
3. Material events during the year...................................  Pages 408 to 411 
4. Poste Italiane Group – Financial Statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 ..........................................  
Pages 414 to 481 
5. Poste Italiane S.p.A. – Financial Statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 ..........................................  
Pages 486 to 561 
6. Risk Management.....................................................  Pages 564 to 605 
7. Determination of fair value ........................................  Page 606 to 610 
8. Hedging transactions.................................................  Page 611 to 616 
9. Proceedings pending and principal relations with the 
authorities ...............................................................  
Page 617 to 621 
10. Material non-recurring events and/or transactions..........  Page 622 
11. Exceptional and/or unusual transactions.......................  Page 622 
12. Events after the end of the reporting period ..................  Page 623

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
13. Additional information ..............................................  Pages 624 to 649 
14. Bancaposta RFC’s separate report for the year ended 31 
December 2020 ........................................................  
Pages 652 to 784 
Independent Auditors’ Report................................................  Pages 856 to 877 
(b) 
the auditors’ report and audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2021 
available 
at 
www.posteitaliane.it 
/ 
https://www.posteitaliane.it/en/financial-statements-and-reports.html#/ 
/ 
https://www.posteitaliane.it/files/1476557513302/Annual-Financial-Report-2021-PDF.pdf, 
including the following pages:  
Report on Operations 
 
1. Introduction.............................................................  Pages 8 to 14 
2. Highlights ...............................................................  Pages 16 to 32 
3. Business Model........................................................  Pages 33 to 103 
4. Strategy ..................................................................  Pages 104 to 129 
5. Risks and Opportunities ............................................  Pages 130 to 185 
6. Creation of value ......................................................  Pages 186 to 430 
7. Outlook ..................................................................  Page 432 
8. Summary of the resolutions of the ordinary Shareholders’ 
Meeting and other information ...................................  
Pages 433 to 448 
9. Consolidated non-financial statement ..........................  Pages 449 to 474 
Financial statements of Poste Italiane as 31 December 2021 
 
1. Introduction.............................................................  Pages 490 to 491 
2. Methods of presenting the Financial Statements, 
accounting standards and methods applied ...................  
Pages 492 to 522 
3. Significant events during the year ...............................  Pages 523 to 527 
4. Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 
2021.......................................................................  
Pages 530 to 602 
5. Poste Italiane SpA – Financial Statements at 31 
December 2021 ........................................................  
Pages 608 to 688 
6. Risk Management.....................................................  Pages 692 to 733 
7. Fair value of financial instruments ..............................  Pages 734 to 740 
8. Hedging transactions.................................................  Pages 741 to 746

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
9. Proceedings pending and main relations with the 
Authorities ..............................................................  
Pages 747 to 753 
10. Material non-recurring events and/or transactions..........  Page 754 
11. Exceptional and/or unusual transactions.......................  Page 754 
12. Significant events after the reporting period..................  Pages 755 to 756 
13. Additional information ..............................................  Pages 757 to 779 
14. Bancaposta RFC’s separate report for the year ended 31 
December 2021 ........................................................  
Pages 782 to 920 
Independent Auditors’ Report................................................  Pages 992 to 1013 
 
(c) 
the Issuer’s unaudited interim report for the six months ended 30 June 2022 available at 
www.posteitaliane.it / https://www.posteitaliane.it/en/financial-statements-and-reports.html#/  / 
https://www.posteitaliane.it/files/1476568017091/Interim-Report-at-30-june-2022.pdf, including the 
following pages:  
 
Report on Operations 
 
Introduction .................................................................... 
Pages 8 to 9 
Highlights ...................................................................... 
Pages 10 to 11 
Business Model ............................................................... 
Pages 12 to 54 
Risk Management ............................................................ 
Pages 55 to 61 
Outlook.......................................................................... 
Pages 107 to 108 
Other Information ............................................................ 
Pages 109 to 113 
Appendix ....................................................................... 
Pages 114 to 128 
Condensed Consolidated Half-Year Financial Statements 
 
Introduction .................................................................... 
Page 142 
Basis of preparation, methodologies and accounting standards 
applied ........................................................................... 
Pages 143 to 151 
Significant events during the period.................................... 
Pages 152 to 155 
Poste Italiane Group financial statements at 30 June 2022 ...... 
Pages 156 to 213 
Risk management ............................................................ 
Pages 214 to 218 
Fair value of financial instruments...................................... 
Pages 219 to 221 
Proceedings in progress and main relations with the 
authorities ...................................................................... 
Pages 222 to 225

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
Material non-recurring events and/or transactions ................. 
Page 226 
Significant events after the reporting period ......................... 
Page 226 
Additional information ..................................................... 
Pages 227 
Attestation of the manager responsible for financial reporting 
and independent auditor’s report 
Page 238  
 
(d) 
the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer as at 30 September 
2022 available at http://www.posteitaliane.it /  https://www.posteitaliane.it/en/financial-statements-
and-reports.html#/ / https://www.posteitaliane.it/files/1476573362478/Interim-Report-for-the-nine-
months-ended-30-September-2022.pdf , including the following pages: 
Guide to reading .............................................................. 
Page 4 
Highlights ...................................................................... 
Pages 6 to 7 
Outlook.......................................................................... 
Pages 8 to 9 
Group Structure, Corporate Governance and Organisational 
Structure ........................................................................ 
Pages 10 to 20 
Strategy, innovation and digitalisation, risk management ....... 
Pages 21 to 48 
Creation of value ............................................................. 
Pages 49 to 90 
Other Information ............................................................ 
Pages 91 to 100 
Consolidated accounting schedules as at 30 September 2022 .. 
Pages 101 to 106 
Declaration of the financial reporting manager ..................... 
Page 107 
Alternative performance indicators 
Pages 108 to 109 
Glossary......................................................................... 
Pages 110 to 116 
 
The information contained in the documents incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-
reference list above does not form part of this Base Prospectus and is either deemed not relevant for an investor 
or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
Any websites included in this Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of the 
Base Prospectus 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in 
this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered 
office of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent for the time being in 
Luxembourg and will also be published on the website of the Issuer’s website (www.posteitaliane.it) as 
indicated above / https://www.posteitaliane.it/en/debt-rating.html. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global 
note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a 
Permanent Global Note and, together with a Temporary Global Note, each a Global Note) which, in either 
case, will: 
(a) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper 
(the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg and, together with Euroclear, the ICSDs); and 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will 
also indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of 
the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition 
depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either 
be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
(against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued 
in NGN form) only to the extent that Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg has received certification (in 
a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are 
not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury 
regulations and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based 
on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, interests 
in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein 
either (a) for interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) for definitive Notes of the same 
Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms, in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such 
certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any 
payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, 
exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is 
improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any 
requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons 
attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an 
Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9 (Events of Default)) has occurred and is continuing, or (ii) the 
Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for 
a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an 
intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange 
Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the 
Principal Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of 
receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes), receipts and interest 
coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Notes, receipts 
or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single 
Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of 
such further Tranche shall be assigned a temporary common code and ISIN which are different from the 
common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the 
Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution 
compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such 
Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 9 (Events of 
Default). In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or 
any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes 
and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note 
then, from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their 
accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed 
directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 16 December 
2022 and executed by the Issuer.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended 
(the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
as amended (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a Distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a Distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
[[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (the SFA) - [To insert 
notice if classification of the Notes is not “prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of 
the SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)]”.]1] 
Final Terms dated [date] 
POSTE ITALIANE S.p.A. 
Legal entity identifier: 815600354DEDBD0BA991 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €2,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A  – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 16 December 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus and, in the case of Notes admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Final Terms are available for viewing 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and www.posteitaliane.it / 
https://www.posteitaliane.it/en/debt-rating.html.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[      ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[      ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 21 below, which is expected to occur on or 
about [date]] [Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[       ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[      ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[       ] 
                                              
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Issuer needs to re-classify the Notes as “ capital markets products other than prescribed 
capital markets products” and “ Specified Investment Products” pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA and the Notes are to be offered in Singapore. 
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[      ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations:  
[        ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
Euro 100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above Euro 
100,000 or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
 
“[Euro 100,000] and integral multiples of [Euro 1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including [Euro 199,000].  
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [Euro 199,000].”) 
 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from 
the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other 
currency.] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation 
to calculation of interest in 
global form see Conditions): 
[        ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  Note: 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations.)  
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating rate notes - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and 
year]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[     ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[     ] [EURIBOR] +/- [   ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or cross-refer to paragraphs 12 and 13 below 
and identify there] [Not Applicable] 
10. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Clean-up Call]

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
11. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[        ] [and [        ], respectively]] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in global form 
see Conditions): 
[       ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation 
to Notes in global form see 
Conditions): 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [    ]] [Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[        ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon) 
13. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[        ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/not 
subject to any adjustment as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable.] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention/ Not 
Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[        ]

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent): 
[        ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate and 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
Reference Rate: [[    ] month 
[EURIBOR/[       ]]/[CMS Reference Rate]. 
Relevant Financial Centre: [London/Brussels/specify 
other Relevant Financial Centre] 
 
Reference Banks: [       ] 
 
Reference Currency: [       ] 
 
(only relevant for CMS Reference Rate) 
 
Designated Maturity: [        ] 
 
(only relevant for CMS Reference Rate) 
 
Specified Time: [        ] in the Relevant Financial Centre 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[        ] 
 
(in the case of EURIBOR): [the second day on which 
the TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is euro):[Second day on which the TARGET2 
System is open prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is other than euro):[Second [specify type of 
day] prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[        ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately)  
 
(In the case of CMS Linked Interest Note, specify 
relevant screen page and any applicable headings and 
captions) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph (g))

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
(If applicable, and “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected 
below, note that “Administrator/Benchmark Event”, 
“Generic 
Fallbacks” and 
“Calculation 
Agent 
Alternative Rate Determination” are not workable in a 
notes context. Amendments will therefore need to be 
made to the Conditions which will require a PR 
drawdown prospectus for the issue) 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[        ] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this is a 
Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[        ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[        ] 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day 
of the Interest Period) 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable 
Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
Averaging: 
[[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable 
Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
(h) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [    ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)]  
14. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[        ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15. 
Notice periods for Condition 6.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons): 
Minimum period: [        ] days 
Maximum period: [        ] days 
16. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[        ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[[        ] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Make-whole 
Amount] 
(if Make-Whole Amount is selected, include the 
following items of this sub-paragraph) 
 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond/FA Selected Bond] 
 
Quotation Time: 
[11.00 a.m. [London/specify other] time] 
 
Redemption Margin: 
[[   ] per cent/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/[provide details]] 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[        ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [        ] days 
 
Maximum period: [        ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Principal 
Paying Agent)

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
17. 
Clean-Up Call:  
(a) 
Clean-Up Call Redemption 
Amount:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[        ] per Calculation Amount  
18. 
Investor Put: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[        ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [        ] days 
 
Maximum period: [        ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems(which require a minimum of 15 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Principal 
Paying Agent) 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
 
[(N.B. Final Redemption Amount will be at least 100 
per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes) / (N.B. If 
the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per cent. of the 
nominal value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption Amount 
is likely to be par (but consider).  If, however, the Final 
Redemption Amount is higher than 100 per cent. of the 
nominal value, consideration should be given as to 
what the Early Redemption Amount should be.).] 
20. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes upon an Exchange Event]

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording in the 
“Form of the Notes” section in the Base Prospectus 
and the Notes themselves.  N.B. The option for an issue 
of Notes to be represented on issue by a Temporary 
Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes upon 
notice/at any time options should not be expressed to 
be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the 
Notes in paragraph 5 includes language substantially 
to the following effect: “[Euro 100,000] and integral 
multiples of [Euro 1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [Euro 199,000].”)  
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
22. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/insert relevant financial centre] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment 
and not the end dates of Interest Periods for the 
purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to which 
sub-paragraph 13(c) relates.) 
23. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made.  In such event, on and after the Interest Payment 
Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any 
Coupon sheet matures, the Talon comprised in the 
Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office 
of the Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet.  Each Talon shall be deemed to mature in the 
Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon 
comprised in the relevant Coupon sheet matures.]/[No] 
Signed on behalf of Poste Italiane S.p.A.: 
 
By: 
........................................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
PART B  – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(a) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[specify (i) relevant regulated market (for example 
the Bourse de Luxembourg, the London Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market or the Regulated 
Market of Euronext Dublin) and also any third 
country market, SME growth market or MTF, and (ii) 
if relevant listing on an official list (for example, the 
Official List of the FCA or the official list of 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or the official list of 
Euronext Dublin)] with effect from [      ].] [Not 
Applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[        ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of 
the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms]. Each of [defined terms] 
[is/is not] established in the European Economic 
Area (EEA) [but the rating it has given to the Notes 
is endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies)] which is established 
in the EEA] [and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended) 
(the 
CRA 
Regulation)]. As such each of [defined terms] is 
included in the list of credit ratings agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with such 
Regulation 
(at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk).] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be 
used by the Issuer for [its general corporate purposes]

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
[, including] [the provision of financial support to its 
subsidiaries] [and/or] [other (specify)]. 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[        ] 
 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflicting interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement:  
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers] and save as described in the section of the Base 
Prospectus entitled “General Information”, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
(including parent companies) have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, corporate 
finance, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and [its/their] affiliates (including parent companies) in the ordinary course of 
business /insert any other interests, as appropriate)]   
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes Only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[       ] 
6. 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[        ] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[        ] 
(c) 
CFI: 
[[[include code], as updated, as/As] set out on the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(d) 
FISN: 
[[[include code ], as updated, as/As] set out on the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(e) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
(f) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
(g) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[       ] 
(h) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes.  Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/ 
 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(b) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(c) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(d) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(e) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(f) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)  
(g) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)  
(h) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
8. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Not Applicable]/[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The 
Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be endorsed on or attached to each Global 
Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be 
made to “Form of Final Terms” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of 
such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Poste Italiane S.p.A. (the Issuer) pursuant 
to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 
16 December 2022 and made between the Issuer, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as issuing and principal 
paying agent (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include any successor principal paying 
agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying 
Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). The Principal Paying Agent 
and the Paying Agents, together referred to as the Agent or Agents. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions). References 
to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when issued 
in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) 
attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be 
deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on 
issue. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes and 
shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference 
herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
(a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or 
terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the issue price, the amount and date of the 
first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed of 
Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) dated 
16 December 2022 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection or collection (or 
electronically) during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents; and (ii) may 
be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agents and provision 
of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent). If the Notes are to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms 
will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and 
www.posteitaliane.it /  https://www.posteitaliane.it/en/debt-rating.html. If this Note is neither admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, the applicable 
Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are 
applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final 
Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency 
(the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer and any 
Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon as 
the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or 
writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any 
Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Agents 
as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer 
of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the 
expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.  
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of 
the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES  
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 3.1 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer (obbligazioni) (and are not 
obligations of the Issuer acting through Patrimonio BancoPosta (as defined below)) which will at all 
times rank pari passu among themselves and (save for such obligations as may be preferred by 
provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application) at least pari passu with all other 
outstanding present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (excluding any 
obligations of the Issuer acting though Patrimonio BancoPosta), from time to time outstanding. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Patrimonio BancoPosta means such assets as from time to time form part of the asset pool 
denominated “Patrimonio BancoPosta” and separated from the other assets of the Issuer pursuant to 
Law Decree No. 225 of 29 December 2010, together with the related business carried on by the Issuer 
known as “BancoPosta” and all rights and obligations of the Issuer arising in connection with the 
carrying-on of such business. 
3. 
COVENANTS 
3.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will not, and will ensure that none of its 
Material Subsidiaries (as defined below) will, create or have outstanding (other than by operation of 
law) any mortgage, lien, pledge or other charge (other than a Permitted Charge) upon the whole or any 
part of the assets or revenues, present or future, of the Issuer and/or any of its Material Subsidiaries to 
secure any Relevant Indebtedness, unless: 
(a) 
the same security shall forthwith be extended equally and rateably to the Notes; or 
(b) 
such other security as shall be approved by a Resolution of the Noteholders shall previously 
have been or shall forthwith be extended equally and rateably to the Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.1 (Negative Pledge) only, Material Subsidiaries shall not include 
Patrimonio BancoPosta in the event that the business and assets represented by Patrimonio BancoPosta 
are transferred, sold, contributed or assigned to, or otherwise vested in, another body corporate 
pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of Permitted Reorganisation below and such body corporate 
would otherwise be a Material Subsidiary. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Permitted Charge means any mortgage, lien, pledge or other charge over any assets of the Issuer (the 
Charged Assets) created by any Person to secure Relevant Indebtedness in the context of a

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
securitisation or like transaction whereby all or substantially all of the payment obligations in respect 
of such Relevant Indebtedness are to be discharged solely from funds generated by the Charged Assets; 
provided that the aggregate book value of the Charged Assets shall not exceed at any time 10 per cent. 
of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, as calculated by 
reference to the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
Relevant Indebtedness means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money of the Issuer 
which is in the form of, or represented by, any bond, note, debenture or other security and which is, or 
is capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or 
other established securities market. 
3.2 
Maintenance of Rating 
This Condition 3.2 applies only to Notes which are rated on or after their respective Issue Date (for 
the purposes of this Condition, Rated Notes) by one or more rating agencies.  
In respect of any Series of Rated Notes, so long as any of the Rated Notes remains outstanding, the 
Issuer will use its best efforts to maintain at least one rating of such Rated Notes with any Rating 
Agency. 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount to 
the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards 
or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the 
amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without 
any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4.1: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(b) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360.  
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either:

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In the Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes 
become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, Business Day means both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
each Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) 
System or any successor or replacement for that system (the TARGET2 System) is open.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the specified 
Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, were acting as Calculation 
Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating (i) if 2006 
ISDA Definitions is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; or (ii) if 2021 
ISDA Definitions is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes (together the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(D) 
if if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method is one of the following as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
a) 
Compounding with Lookback; 
b) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; or 
c) 
Compounding with Lockout; and 
(E) 
if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, the Index 
Method is Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the ISDA 
Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall be deemed 
to be references to the numbers or other items specified for such purpose in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
If 2006 ISDA Definitions is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the definition of Fallback 
Observation Day in the ISDA Definitions shall be deemed deleted in its entirety and replaced 
with the following:  
Fallback Observation Day means, in respect of a Reset Date and the Calculation Period (or 
any Compounding Period included in that Calculation Period) to which that Reset Date relates,

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
unless otherwise agreed, the day that is five Business Days preceding the related Payment 
Date. 
If 2021 ISDA Definitions is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then if the Temporary 
Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate Option is specified to be 
Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 
2021 ISDA Definitions, the reference to Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination in 
the definition of Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate shall be replaced by 
Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day’s Rate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate 
Option, Designated Maturity, Reset Date, Overnight Floating Rate Option, Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method, Compounding with Lookback, Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift, Compounding with Lockout, Averaging with Lookback, 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift, Averaging with Lockout, Compounded Index 
Floating Rate Option, Index Method and Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero.  
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(A) 
Floating Rate Notes other than CMS Linked Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject to Condition 4.3 (Benchmark Discontinuation) and as 
provided below, be either: 
I. 
the offered quotation; or 
II. 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page 
on that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Relevant Financial 
Centre time) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the specified Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
In the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of sub-
paragraph I above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of sub-paragraph 
II above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the time 
specified in the preceding paragraph, the Issuer or, if appointed, the Financial Adviser 
shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable with its offered quotation (expressed as a

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified 
Time on the Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the specified Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable.  
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable with an 
offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and 
at the request of) the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable 
by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, 
at approximately the Specified Time (being 11.00 a.m. Brussels time, in the case of a 
determination of the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate (EURIBOR)) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any 
other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the specified Margin (if 
any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer 
suitable for the purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial 
Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
specified Margin (if any);  
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
specified Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the specified Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the specified Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A): 
Financial Adviser means an independent and internationally recognised financial 
adviser selected by the Issuer and, for the avoidance of doubt, not the Principal Paying 
Agent.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
Reference Banks means: 
I. 
in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected 
by the Issuer or, if appointed, the Financial Adviser; and  
II. 
in the case of a determination of a Reference Rate that is not EURIBOR, the 
principal office of four major banks in the inter-bank market of the Relevant 
Financial Centre or as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(B) 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject to Condition 4.3 (Benchmark Discontinuation) and as 
provided below, be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
CMS Rate plus Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Issuer or, if appointed the Financial 
Adviser, shall request each of the CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the Specified 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If at least three of the CMS 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such quotation, the CMS Rate 
for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating 
the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Issuer or, if appointed, 
the Financial Adviser, in good faith on such commercial basis as considered 
appropriate by the Issuer or, if appointed, the Financial Adviser in its absolute 
discretion, in accordance with standard market practice. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B): 
CMS Rate means the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
CMS Reference Banks means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the 
principal office of five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the 
Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five leading swap 
dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is United 
States dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers in the 
New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, 
the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the 
Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the the Issuer 
or, if appointed the Financial Adviser.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
Designated Maturity, Margin and Relevant Screen Page shall have the meaning 
given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms. 
Financial Adviser means an independent and internationally recognised financial 
adviser selected by the Issuer which shall, for the avoidance of doubt, not be the 
Principal Paying Agent. 
Relevant Swap Rate means: 
(1) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-
for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the 
Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good 
credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on 
an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as 
defined in the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions)) with 
a designated maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; and 
(2) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms 
specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms. 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent, or, as appropriate, the Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent, or, as appropriate, the Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of 
interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to:

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2









--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2

















360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2









--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
None of the Principal Paying Agent, Paying Agents or the Calculation Agents shall be responsible or 
liable for any action or inaction of the Independent Adviser or in respect of the determination of any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, or any Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments. 
(e) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
Subject to Condition 4.3 (Benchmark Discontinuation), the Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate 
of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date 
to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for 
the time being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but 
in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period.  Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices). For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for general business in London. 
(f) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.2 by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of wilful default, 
fraud or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or fraud) no liability to the Issuer, 
the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
4.3 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
This Condition 4.3 is applicable to Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
form of Final Terms as being applicable.  
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs (as determined by the Issuer) in relation to an Original Reference Rate 
at any time when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall notify the Calculation Agent and the 
Noteholders of the occurrence of such Benchmark Event and use its reasonable endeavours to appoint 
and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4.3(b) (Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 
4.3(c) (Adjustment Spread)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4.3(d) 
(Benchmark Amendments)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.3(a) shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of 
bad faith, fraud and gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to 
the Issuer, the Agent, any Paying Agent, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination 
made by it pursuant to this Condition 4.3.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser in accordance with the 
foregoing paragraph; or (ii) the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 4.3(a) and notify the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent of such determination prior to the date which is ten 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, 
this Condition 4.3(a) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any 
subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided 
in, this Condition 4.3(a). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.3(a), if in the Calculation Agent’s opinion 
there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination 
or calculation under this Condition 4.3(a), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer 
thereof and the Issuer shall (following consultation with the Independent Adviser, if any) direct the 
Calculation Agent in writing as to which course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not 
promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under 
no obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing 
so. 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (as adjusted by the applicable 
Adjustment Spread determined as provided in Condition 4.3(c) (Adjustment Spread)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) 
of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest 
on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 4.3); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall 
(as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread determined as provided in Condition 4.3(c) 
(Adjustment Spread) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine 
the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 4.3). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 4.3 and the Independent Adviser determines (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions and the Agency Agreement, including but not limited to Relevant

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
Screen Page, are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of 
the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 4.3(e) (Notices) and subject (to the extent required) to giving any notice required to be given 
to, and receiving any consent required from, or non-objection from, the Competent Authority, without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, vary these Conditions 
and the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments (provided that the 
Benchmark Amendments do not, without the prior agreement of each Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, have the effect of increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or 
protections, of each Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent under these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement) with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4.3(d), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to 
trading. 
(e) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 4.3 will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Principal Paying Agent and each Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any.  
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 4.3(a) (Independent Adviser) to 
Condition 4.3(d) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions 
provided for in Condition 4.2(b)(ii) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes) will continue 
to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred (as determined by the Issuer). 
(g) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.3: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which is notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent and which: 
(a) 
(in the case of a Successor Rate) is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
(if no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the 
Independent Adviser, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in good faith, 
determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or 
(c) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread, formula or methodology is 
customarily applied) the Independent Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged as

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) or reflects an industry-accepted rate, formula or 
methodology in the international debt capital market for transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(d) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged and no such rate, formula or methodology is industry-accepted) the 
Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) to be appropriate; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 4.3(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate), and notifies to 
the Calculation Agent, which is customary in market usage or is an industry-accepted rate in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes and with an interest period of a 
comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.3(d) (Benchmark Amendments); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days 
or ceasing to exist or ceasing to be administered on a permanent or indefinite basis; or 
(b) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
(i) will, by a specified date within the following six months, cease publishing or (ii) has ceased 
to publish the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where 
no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within 
the following six months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used either generally or in respect of the Notes, in each case within the following 
six months, or is no longer (or will no longer be) representative of its underlying market or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case in 
circumstances where the same will be applicable to the Notes; or 
(e) 
any event or circumstance whereby it has or will, by a specified date within the following six 
months, become unlawful for the Paying Agents, the Issuer or other party to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate; or 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer at its own expense under Condition 4.3(a) (Independent Adviser) which shall, for the avoidance 
of doubt, not be the Principal Paying Agent; 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes;

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; 
Successor Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser determines is a successor to or 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
4.4 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect has been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and 
regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer 
or its Agents are subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation) and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
5.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 5.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of 
definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, 
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its 
possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below) should be 
presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any 
time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) in 
respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under 
Condition 8 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would 
otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made 
in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which 
on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest 
payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less 
than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Note. 
5.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes or 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against presentation 
or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of 
principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent 
to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
5.4 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in 
respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
5.5 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
5.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable:

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7 
(Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 6.4 
(Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)); and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7 
(Taxation). 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount (which shall be at least equal to the nominal 
amount of each Note) specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on 
the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 6.4 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)), the Notes may 
be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving 
not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), 
the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 (Taxation) as a result of 
any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 7 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws 
or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of 
the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate 
signed by a Director of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect 
that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change 
or amendment and the Principal Paying Agent shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient 
evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be 
conclusive and binding on the holders of Notes or Coupons.  
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 6.4 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
6.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the 
Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less 
than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in 
each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of 
the Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or, if a Make-whole Amount is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, will be an amount calculated by the Issuer or the Financial Adviser (on behalf 
of the Issuer) equal to the higher of: 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; or 
(b) 
the sum of the present value of the nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed and the 
Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the Optional 
Redemption Date) discounted to the Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on 
the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) 366) at the 
Reference Bond Rate (as defined below), plus the specified Redemption Margin,  
plus in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
In the Conditions: 
FA Selected Bond means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser as 
having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would 
be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable 
maturity to the remaining term of the Notes; 
Financial Adviser means an independent and internationally recognised financial adviser selected by 
the Issuer which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not be the Principal Paying Agent; 
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the FA Selected Bond;

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to the Optional Redemption Date, (a) the arithmetic 
average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after 
excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the 
Issuer or the Financial Adviser (on behalf of the Issuer) obtains fewer than four such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations;  
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to the Optional Redemption Date, the rate per annum equal 
to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity 
(on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond 
(expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Optional 
Redemption Date; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or their 
affiliates, which are (a) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (b) 
market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and the Optional Redemption Date, the arithmetic average, as determined 
by the Issuer or the Financial Adviser (on behalf of the Issuer), of the bid and offered prices for the 
Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time 
specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Issuer or the 
Financial Adviser (on behalf of the Issuer) by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; and 
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note determined on the basis of 
the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the Optional Redemption Date. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certifications, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 6.3 by the Issuer or the Financial 
Adviser (on behalf of the Issuer), shall (in the absence of negligence, wilful default or fraud) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, 
at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection 
Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of 
such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted 
during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.3 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
6.3(A) Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-Up Call) 
If Clean-Up Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that 20 
per cent. or less of the initial aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of Notes (including any 
Notes issued pursuant to Condition 16 (Further Issues)) remains outstanding (other than as a result of 
the Issuer exercising an Issuer Call pursuant to Condition 6.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Issuer Call)) at an Optional Redemption Amount that is higher than the Clean-Up Call Redemption 
Amount), the Issuer may, at its option but subject to having given not more than sixty (60) nor less 
than fifteen (15) days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
the date fixed for redemption) in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all, but not some 
only, of the outstanding Notes of such Series at their Clean-Up Call Redemption Amount specified in 
the applicable Final Terms together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption.  
6.4 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 6.4 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Noteholders, such option being referred to as an Investor Put. The applicable Final 
Terms contains provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 6.4 for full information on any Investor Put. In particular the applicable Final Terms will 
identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount and the applicable notice 
periods. 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than the minimum period 
nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the expiry 
of such notice, the Issuer will, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption 
Date.  
The Optional Redemption Amount will be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of the Notes 
stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note, the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling 
within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the 
holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition and the Put 
Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that 
this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control.  
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this 
Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may 
include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Principal Paying Agent 
by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to 
time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 6.4 shall be irrevocable 
except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, 
in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this Condition 6.4 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 9 (Events of Default). 
6.5 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6.2 above and Condition 9 (Events of Default):

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount; 
and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which 
will be either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 
months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which 
case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator 
will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal 
to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 365), 
6.6 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case 
of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) 
at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option 
of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
6.7 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled 
and any Notes purchased and surrendered for cancellation pursuant to Condition 6.6 above (together 
with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal 
Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
6.8 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 6.1 (Redemption at maturity), 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 6.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), 6.3(A) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Clean-Up Call)) or 6.4 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) above or upon 
its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld 

y
AY
1
RP
Amount
Redemption
Early




--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount 
calculated as provided in Condition 6.5(b) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for 
the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were 
replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect 
has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer 
will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any Tax 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay 
such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of 
the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, 
as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in the Tax Jurisdiction; or 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by 
reason of them having some connection with the Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding 
of such Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5.5 (Payment Day)); or 
(d) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for 
an exemption; or 
(e) 
in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest, principal or other proceeds on or from 
any Notes or Coupons on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 
No. 239 of 1 April 1996 or future similar law and any related implementing regulations (each 
as amended or supplemented from time to time); or 
(f) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or individual, to the extent that 
interest or other amounts are paid to such legal entity or individual which is resident in a 
country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Republic of 
Italy; or 
(g) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471 of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
As used herein:

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer becomes subject in 
respect of payments made by it of principal and interest on the Notes and Coupons; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying 
Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys 
having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices). 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made 
within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5.2 
(Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to 
Condition 5.2 (Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons). 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
9.1 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made for a period of 10 days or more in the payment of any principal or interest 
due in respect of the Notes after the due date thereof; or 
(b) 
if default is made by the Issuer in the performance or observances of any obligation, condition 
or provision binding on it under the Notes (other than any obligation for payment of any 
principal or interest in respect of the Notes) and (except in any case where the default is 
incapable of remedy when no continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be 
required) such default continues for 30 days after written notice thereof to the Issuer requiring 
the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
if any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due and repayable prematurely by reason of 
an event of default (however described) or the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails 
to make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due date for 
payment (as extended by any originally applicable grace period) or any security given by the 
Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries for any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money becomes 
enforceable or if default is made by the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary in making any 
payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any Indebtedness 
for Borrowed Money of any other person (as extended by any originally applicable grace 
period), provided, however, that no such event shall constitute an event of default so long as 
and to the extent that the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary is contesting in a 
recognised court and/or jurisdiction, in good faith, that the relevant Indebtedness for Borrowed 
Money or any such security, guarantee and/or indemnity shall be due or enforceable, as 
appropriate, and provided further that no such event shall constitute an event of default unless 
the Indebtedness for Borrowed Money relating to all such events which shall have occurred

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
and be continuing whether individually or in aggregate shall amount to at least Euro 
25,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency); or 
(d) 
if the Issuer shall cease or announce that it shall cease to carry on its business otherwise than 
for the purposes of (i) a Permitted Reorganisation or (ii) a transaction on terms approved by a 
Resolution of the Noteholders; or 
(e) 
if the Issuer shall be wound up or dissolved otherwise than for the purposes of (i) a Permitted 
Reorganisation or (ii) a transaction on terms approved by a Resolution of the Noteholders; or 
(f) 
if the Issuer shall be adjudicated or becomes insolvent or shall stop payment or announce that 
it shall stop payment or shall be found unable to pay its debts, or any order shall be made or 
judicially approved by any competent court or other competent body for, or any resolution 
shall be passed by the Issuer for, judicial composition proceedings with its creditors or the 
appointment of an administrator, liquidator, receiver, administrative receiver or trustee or 
other similar official in insolvency proceedings in relation to the Issuer or any substantial part 
of the assets or property of the Issuer; or 
(g) 
if the Issuer fails to pay a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction within 60 days 
from receipt of notice that a final judgment in excess of an amount equal to the value of a 
substantial part of the assets or property of the Issuer has been entered against it or an 
execution is levied on or enforced upon or sued out in pursuance of any such judgment against 
any substantial part of the assets or property of the Issuer; or 
(h) 
if any event occurs which, under the laws of the Republic of Italy, has an analogous effect to 
any of the events referred to in paragraphs (e), (f) and (g) above; or 
(i) 
where any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order 
(i) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and perform and comply with 
its obligations under and in respect of the Notes, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legal, 
valid, binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes and the Coupons admissible in 
evidence in the courts of the Republic of Italy is not taken, fulfilled or done, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the 
Issuer or to the Principal Paying Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall 
become immediately due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest 
(if any) without further action or formality. 
For the purposes of this Condition 9.1, references to the Issuer shall be deemed to include any facts, 
matters or circumstances arising or subsisting in connection with the carrying-on by the Issuer of the 
business of Patrimonio BancoPosta. 
9.2 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money 
(whether being principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of (a) money borrowed, 
(b) liabilities under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit, (c) any notes, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities issued, offered or distributed whether by 
way of public offer, private placing, acquisition consideration or otherwise and whether issued for 
cash or in whole or part for a consideration other than cash; 
Material Subsidiary means at any time any fully consolidated Subsidiary of the Issuer:

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
(a) 
whose gross revenues (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
or whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
represent in each case not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated gross revenues or, as the 
case may be, consolidated total assets, of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all 
as calculated respectively by reference to the then latest audited accounts (consolidated or, as 
the case may be, unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated 
accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; or 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary.  
A certificate signed by one Director of the Issuer that, in their opinion, a Subsidiary of the Issuer is or 
is not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Material Subsidiary, 
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties; 
Permitted Reorganisation means any reorganisation, amalgamation, merger, demerger, 
consolidation, contribution in kind or restructuring or other similar arrangement (including, without 
limitation, leasing of the assets or going concern) as follows:  
(a) 
any one transaction or series of transactions, whereby all or substantially all of the business 
and assets represented by Patrimonio BancoPosta (as defined in Condition 2) are transferred, 
sold, contributed or assigned to, or otherwise vested in, one or more bodies corporate in good 
standing, each of them being, prior to or immediately upon such transfer, a Subsidiary of the 
Issuer; or 
(b) 
any one transaction or series of transactions to which one or more of the parties is not a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer, whereby all or substantially all of the business and assets of the Issuer 
are transferred, sold, contributed or assigned to, or otherwise vested in, a body corporate in 
good standing and: 
(i) 
such body corporate assumes or maintains (as the case may be) liability as principal 
debtor in respect of the Notes, including the obligation to pay any additional amounts 
under Condition 7 (Taxation), whether by contract or operation of law and in 
accordance with applicable law; and 
(ii) 
upon completion of such transaction(s), such body corporate continues substantially 
to carry on the business of the Issuer as conducted immediately prior to completion 
of such transaction(s); and 
(iii) 
opinions as to Italian law and English law (in each case of an independent and 
internationally recognised legal adviser) confirming such assumption of liability, 
including the obligation to pay any additional amounts under Condition 7 (Taxation), 
have been delivered to the Principal Paying Agent prior to the date of completion of 
such transaction(s), 
provided that, in the period from the initial public announcement of the transaction(s) to 90 
days following the date of its or their completion (the Reorganisation Period), in respect of 
any rating assigned to the Notes by any rating agency, the Rating Requirement (as defined 
below) shall have been satisfied; or 
(c) 
any one transaction or series of transactions which do not fall within the scope of paragraph 
(a) or (b) above, whereby all or substantially all of the business and assets of the Issuer are 
transferred, sold, contributed or assigned to, or otherwise vested in, one or more bodies

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
corporate in good standing, each of them being, prior to or immediately upon such transfer, a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer provided that: 
(i) 
if, as a result of such transaction(s), any such body corporate is to assume or maintain 
(as the case may be) liability as principal debtor in respect of the Notes, including the 
obligation to pay any additional amounts under Condition 7 (Taxation), whether by 
contract or operation of law and in accordance with applicable law, each of the 
requirements set out in subclause (b) above shall be met by such body corporate; or 
(ii) 
if: 
(A) 
any such body corporate becomes a Material Subsidiary as a result of such 
transaction(s); and 
(B) 
the Notes do not satisfy the Rating Requirement during the Reorganisation 
Period; and 
(C) 
the giving of a guarantee by such Subsidiary in respect of the Notes under the 
terms of the Agency Agreement is permitted by applicable laws and 
regulations and, to the extent required under such laws and regulations, is 
approved by any relevant regulatory body,  
then the Issuer shall procure that such body corporate becomes, in accordance with 
these Conditions and the provisions of the Agency Agreement, a guarantor (each such 
guarantor, an Additional Guarantor and together the Additional Guarantors) upon 
the date of completion of such transaction(s),  
provided that, in each of the above cases, the Issuer shall be solvent at the time of such 
reorganisation, and no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
For the purposes of this definition, Rating Requirement shall mean: 
(i) 
where one rating agency has assigned a rating to the Notes, the Notes shall maintain the same 
(or higher) rating as was assigned to the Notes immediately prior to such reorganisation; or 
(ii) 
where more than one rating agency has assigned a rating, the Notes shall maintain, in the case 
of at least two such Note ratings, the same (or higher) rating as was assigned to the Notes 
immediately prior to such reorganisation. 
In the event the Notes are not rated by any rating agency at the time of the initial public announcement 
of any such reorganisation and are not assigned a rating during the Reorganisation Period, the Rating 
Requirement shall be deemed satisfied. 
The Rating Requirement in respect of any rating assigned to the Notes shall be deemed satisfied if 
during the Reorganisation Period the then current long-term sovereign rating of the Republic of Italy 
is downgraded by one or more notches by any rating agency or, as applicable, rating agencies and the 
Notes are downgraded by the same or fewer notches by such rating agency or, as applicable, rating 
agencies. 
Subsidiary means, in relation to any company (the First Company) at any particular time, any other 
company (the Second Company) where at least one of the following conditions is satisfied, pursuant 
to the provisions of Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code:

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
(a) 
the First Company holds the majority of votes in ordinary shareholders’ meetings of the 
Second Company; or 
(b) 
the number of votes held by the First Company is sufficient to give the First Company a 
dominant influence in ordinary shareholders’ meetings of the Second Company; or 
(c) 
the Second Company is under the dominant influence of the First Company by virtue of certain 
contractual relationships existing between the First Company and the Second Company, 
provided, however, that for the purposes of paragraphs (a) and (b) above, account shall be taken of 
votes held by the First Company in ordinary shareholders’ meetings of the Second Company through 
subsidiaries, trust companies (società fiduciarie) or nominees (but not of votes held by the First 
Company held on behalf of third parties).  
10. 
APPOINTMENT OF ADDITIONAL GUARANTOR(S) 
10.1 
In connection with the appointment of any Additional Guarantor(s) pursuant to paragraph 9.2(c)(ii) of 
the definition of Permitted Reorganisation in Condition 9.2, the Issuer shall procure, and the 
appointment of any Additional Guarantor shall be effective upon, the delivery to the Principal Paying 
Agent of the following documentation: 
(a) 
a duly executed supplemental agency agreement in respect of the Notes and such other 
documents (if any) as may be necessary to give full effect to the appointment of such 
Additional Guarantor (together the Documents) and (without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing) pursuant to which the Additional Guarantor shall agree to be bound by the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement in respect of the Notes as fully as if such Additional 
Guarantor had been named in the Notes and in the Agency Agreement as guarantor for the 
payment of all sums payable by the Issuer as principal debtor; 
(b) 
a duly executed unconditional and irrevocable deed of guarantee (a Guarantee) in the form 
or substantially in the form set out in Schedule 7 of the Agency Agreement (or in such other 
form as may be necessary or appropriate to comply with any applicable law, rule or regulation, 
including the law of any jurisdiction where that Additional Guarantor is organised or carries 
on business) pursuant to which such Additional Guarantor shall (i) guarantee in favour of each 
Noteholder and each Relevant Account Holder (as defined in the Deed of Covenant) the 
payment of all sums payable by the Issuer as principal debtor, to the extent of, and in the terms 
specified therein and (ii) undertake in favour of each Noteholder and each Relevant Account 
Holder to be bound by these Conditions, and such other documents (if any) as may be 
necessary to give full effect to the relevant Guarantee; 
(c) 
a certificate signed by a director or equivalent senior officer of such Additional Guarantor, 
certifying that the giving of the relevant Guarantee by the Additional Guarantor will not breach 
any restriction imposed on it under laws generally applicable to persons of the same legal form 
as such Additional Guarantor;  
(d) 
legal opinion(s) from independent and internationally recognised legal advisers as to English 
law and the laws of the relevant jurisdiction of the relevant Additional Guarantor (as the case 
may be), to the effect that execution and delivery of the Guarantee and the Documents have 
been validly authorised and that all obligations to be assumed by such Additional Guarantor 
under each of the Documents and the relevant Guarantee constitute legal, valid, binding and 
enforceable obligations of such Guarantor; and

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
(e) 
a certificate signed by a Director of the Issuer confirming that the appointment of the relevant 
Additional Guarantor is being conducted in connection with and in accordance with the 
definition of a Permitted Reorganisation. 
10.2 
The Documents and the relevant Guarantee shall contain a warranty and representation by the 
Additional Guarantor (i) that the Additional Guarantor has obtained all necessary governmental and 
regulatory approvals and consents for such admission as Additional Guarantor, for the giving of the 
Guarantee and for the performance by the Additional Guarantor of its obligations under the Documents 
and the relevant Guarantee and that all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect, and 
(ii) that the obligations assumed by the Additional Guarantor under the Documents and the relevant 
Guarantee are all legal, valid and binding in accordance with their respective terms. 
10.3 
Where the relevant Additional Guarantor is incorporated, domiciled or resident for taxation purposes 
in a territory other than the Republic of Italy, the Documents shall contain a covenant by such 
Additional Guarantor and/or such other provisions as may be necessary to ensure that each Noteholder 
has the benefit of a covenant in terms corresponding to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation) with 
the substitution for the references to the Republic of Italy of references to the territory or territories in 
which the Additional Guarantor is incorporated, domiciled and/or resident for taxation purposes. 
10.4 
References in Condition 3 (Covenants) and Condition 9 (Events of Default) to the Issuer shall be 
deemed to include references to the relevant Additional Guarantor(s), save that any reference in these 
Conditions to “Material Subsidiary” or “Material Subsidiaries” shall be read as a reference to a 
Material Subsidiary or Material Subsidiaries of the Issuer only. 
10.5 
The relevant Additional Guarantor shall have appointed the process agent appointed by the Issuer in 
Condition 18 (Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction) or another person with an office in 
England as its agent in England to receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal action 
or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the Guarantee. 
10.6 
Upon execution of the Documents and the relevant Guarantee as referred to in sub-clauses 10.1(a) and 
10.1(b) above, the relevant Additional Guarantor shall be deemed to be named in the Notes as 
guarantor for the payment of all sums payable by the Issuer as principal debtor and the Notes shall 
thereupon be deemed to be amended to give effect to such admission.  
10.7 
The Documents and the relevant Guarantee shall be deposited with and held by the Principal Paying 
Agent for so long as any Note remains outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the 
relevant Additional Guarantor by any Noteholder in relation to the Notes, the Documents or the 
relevant Guarantee shall not have been finally adjudicated, settled or discharged. The relevant 
Additional Guarantor shall acknowledge in the Documents and its Guarantee the right of every 
Noteholder to production of the Documents and its Guarantee for the enforcement of any of the Notes, 
the Documents or its Guarantee. 
10.8 
Not less than 15 days after execution of the Documents and its Guarantee, the relevant Additional 
Guarantor together with the Issuer shall give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices). 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity 
as the Issuer and Agent may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must 
be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
12. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with 
any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided 
that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 5.4 (General provisions applicable to payments).  
Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the 
Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices).  
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or Couponholder. The 
Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or 
converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to 
become the successor agent. 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8 
(Prescription). 
14. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London, and (b) if and for so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and are listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
Luxembourg or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website, www.bourse.lu. It is expected that any 
such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London and the Luxemburger 
Wort or the Tageblatt in Luxembourg. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in 
a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which 
the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including 
publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those 
rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where 
required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required 
newspapers.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the 
Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to 
trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so 
require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant 
authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those 
rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on such day the 
said notice is given to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying 
Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any 
holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION  
15.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
All meetings of the Noteholders will be held in accordance with applicable provisions of Italian law 
in force at the time.  
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Resolution (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) of a modification of the Notes or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Issuer at its discretion and, in any event, shall be convened by the 
Issuer upon the request in writing by any Noteholder(s) holding not less than one-twentieth of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. If the meeting has 
not been convened following such request of the Noteholders, the same may be convened by a decision 
of the competent court in accordance with the provisions of Article 2367 of the Italian Civil Code. 
Every such meeting shall be held in the town, city or country in which the registered office of the 
Issuer is situated pursuant to Article 2363 of the Italian Civil Code, unless its by-laws or the relevant 
provisions of Italian law provide differently (including by way of conference call or by use of a 
videoconference platform). 
In accordance with the laws and legislation applicable to the Issuer, as a company with listed shares, 
a meeting shall be validly held if attended by one or more persons being or representing Noteholders 
holding: 
(a) 
in the case of a single call meeting (convocazione unica), at least one fifth of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes; and 
(b) 
in the case of multiple call meetings:  
(i) 
in the case of an initial meeting, at least one half of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes;  
(ii) 
in the case of a meeting convened following adjournment of the initial meeting for 
want of quorum, more than one third of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes; and

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
(iii) 
in the case of any subsequent adjourned meeting, at least one fifth of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes, 
provided that, to the extent permitted under applicable provisions of Italian law, the Issuer’s 
By-laws (statuto) may in each case provide for higher quorums.  
The majority required at any meeting (including any adjourned meeting) convened to vote on any 
resolution (subject to compliance with mandatory laws, legislation, rules and regulations of Italy in 
force from time to time) will be one or more persons being or representing Noteholders holding: 
(a) 
for voting on any matter other than a Reserved Matter, at least two thirds of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes represented at the meeting; or 
(b) 
for voting on a Reserved Matter, the higher of: 
(i) 
not less than one half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes; and  
(ii) 
not less than two thirds of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
represented at the meeting, 
provided that, to the extent permitted under applicable provisions of Italian law, the Issuer’s 
By-laws may in each case provide for higher majorities. 
15.2 
Modification 
The Notes, the Coupons and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement 
may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to 
correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
Notice of any such modification shall be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any variations of the Conditions and the Agency Agreement to give effect 
to the Benchmark Amendments in accordance with Condition 4.3 (Benchmark Discontinuation) shall 
not require the consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, subject (to the extent required) 
to the Issuer giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, or 
non-objection from, the Competent Authority. 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or 
the same in all respects save for the Issue Date, the Interest Commencement Date, the Issue Price and 
the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
17. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
18.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the 
Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law.  
Condition 15 (Meetings of Noteholders and Modification) and the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement concerning the meetings of Noteholders and the appointment of a Noteholder’s 
Representative in respect of the Notes are subject to compliance with the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
18.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 18.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including any 
dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the 
consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and all Disputes 
will be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.  
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 18.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the English courts 
on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any 
Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) 
concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.  
18.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., London Branch at 90 Queen Street, London EC4N 1SA 
or, if different, its registered office for the time being as its agent for service of process, and undertakes 
that, in the event of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., London Branch ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered 
in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of 
any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner 
permitted by law.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes 
and/or as specified in further detail or otherwise in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Introduction  
Poste Italiane S.p.A. (hereinafter Poste Italiane or the Parent Company or the Issuer) is a company limited 
by shares (società per azioni) incorporated and operating under the laws of Italy for a period up to 31 December 
2100 (which may be extended by means of a resolution passed at an extraordinary shareholders’ meeting). As 
the Italian public postal operator, Poste Italiane provides postal and financial services through its large network 
of post offices in the Republic of Italy.  
In 1925, postal and related financial services, previously performed by an administrative department of the 
Italian Government, were transferred into a separate and independent unit of the Government’s public 
administration. In 1994 this unit became a separate and independent body called Ente Poste Italiane, 
incorporated in the form of a public economic entity (ente pubblico economico). On 28 February 1998, 
effective as of 1 January 1998, Ente Poste Italiane was converted into Poste Italiane S.p.A., a joint stock 
company, registered with the Companies Register of Rome with the number 97103880585, pursuant to 
Resolution No. 244 of 18 December 1997 of the Interministerial Committee for Economic Planning (CIPE). 
The registered office of Poste Italiane is at Viale Europa 190, 00144 Rome, Italy (telephone number: +39 06 
59581). 
As at 30 June 2022, the share capital of Poste Italiane consists of 1,306,110,000 ordinary shares. All the issued 
shares are fully subscribed and paid up. No preference shares have been issued and the Issuer holds 7,535,991 
treasury shares representing 0.577% of Poste Italiane’s share capital. 
On 27 October 2015, the Issuer successfully completed the initial public offering (see “Major Shareholders” 
below) and its shares were admitted to trading on the Mercato Telematico Azionario of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
(the MTA).  
The Poste Italiane group (the Group) – including, for the avoidance of doubt, BancoPosta RFC (as defined 
below) – is subject to supervision by the relevant independent competent authorities in relation to the different 
regulated business segments in which the Group operates.  
In particular, the Group is supervised by: 
 
AGCom, with specific reference to its Postal and Parcel Services (as described below), as well as 
providing mobile and fixed telecommunication services;  
 
the Italian central bank (Bank of Italy, Banca d’Italia) and the Italian Financial Services Authority 
(CONSOB, Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa) which are, respectively, the banking 
and payments sector and the financial markets regulators; 
 
the Italian insurance services regulator (IVASS, Istituto per la Vigilanza sulle Assicurazioni, which 
replaced the ISVAP as of 1 January 2013, pursuant to Law No. 135 of 7 August 2012) and the pension 
funds regulator (COVIP, Commissione di Vigilanza sui Fondi Pensione); 
 
the Italian data protection authority (Data Protection Authority, Garante per la Protezione dei Dati 
Personali), which oversees and regulates the gathering and management of personal data in any 
economic sector; 
 
the national anti-corruption authority (ANAC, Autorità Nazionale Anticorruzione) which, by virtue of 
Law No. 114 of 11 August 2014, is now also responsible for the duties of the former authority 
regulating public labour, services and supply contracts (AVCP, Autorità per la Vigilanza sui Contratti 
Pubblici di Lavori, Servizi e Forniture);

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
 
the national competition authority (AGCM, Autorità Garante per la Concorrenza e il Mercato) which 
is in charge of enforcing the rules aimed at ensuring competition, as well as consumer protection in 
any economic sector in Italy;  
 
the Ministry of Economic Development (MED, Ministero dello Sviluppo Economico) which is in 
charge of authorising electronic communications operators to provide network access and Internet 
connectivity solutions. In addition, it monitors technical and organisational measures for the security 
and integrity of networks and electronic communication services;  
 
the Italian Regulatory Authority for Energy, Networks and Environment (ARERA, Autorità di 
Regolazione per Energia, Reti e Ambiente), which is a multisector regulatory and supervisory authority 
active in electricity, natural gas, water services, waste cycle and district heating; and 
 
the Ministry of Ecological Transition (MET, Ministero della Transizione Ecologica) which is in 
charge of the implementation of environmental policies. 
Moreover, Poste Italiane is subject to supervision from the Italian Court of Auditors (Corte dei Conti) which 
examines its budget and financial management. The supervisory activities aim at ascertaining the lawfulness 
and correctness of the management activities, as well as of the conduct of internal controls. 
Creation of BancoPosta ring-fenced capital  
On 2 May 2011, pursuant to applicable laws and further to a resolution the Issuer’s extraordinary General 
Meeting, Poste Italiane established a ring-fenced capital (patrimonio destinato) to be used exclusively in 
relation to the “BancoPosta” activities of the Issuer (hereinafter, the ring-fenced capital shall be referred to as 
BancoPosta RFC and the brand or the business division shall be referred to as BancoPosta). In particular, 
from 2 May 2011: (i) BancoPosta RFC’s assets and liabilities are, for all intents and purposes, unbundled from 
those of Poste Italiane; (ii) BancoPosta RFC’s assets, liabilities and contractual rights are ring-fenced 
exclusively for the satisfaction of its obligations arising out of its day-to-day business activities; and (iii) Poste 
Italiane’s liability in relation to activities carried out with an express indication of the attribution of such acts 
to BancoPosta RFC is limited to the ring-fenced capital. As a result, the assets and legal relationships 
transferred to BancoPosta RFC are aimed exclusively at the satisfaction of claims relating to the activities of 
the Issuer carried out through BancoPosta RFC, separate in all respects from the residual assets of the Issuer. 
Effective from 1 October 2018, the operations and assets of PostePay S.p.A. (formerly PosteMobile S.p.A.) 
were released from BancoPosta RFC. 
As the assets of BancoPosta RFC are a separate pool of assets and ring-fenced capital, Noteholders have no 
recourse to BancoPosta RFC, but only to the assets of the Issuer. 
For further details on the operating activity carried out by BancoPosta see “Business of the Group – 3. 
Financial Services” below. 
Major shareholders  
The Issuer is a public limited company, listed at the Milan Stock exchange, controlled by the MEF (the Italian 
Ministry of Economics and Finance) through a direct holding equal to 29.26% and an indirect holding through 
CDP, the Italian national promotional bank (itself controlled by the MEF), equal to 35% of the Issuer’s share 
capital. 
The Issuer is not subject to the direction and coordination activity of the MEF, pursuant to article 2497 of the 
Italian Civil Code, in compliance with article 19, paragraph 6, of Law Decree No. 78 of 1 July 2009, as 
converted with amendments into Law No. 102 of 3 August 2009.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
 
Group structure as at 30 June 2022  
For the “Group structure as at 30 June 2022” including the chart see the paragraph “Group Structure” at pages 
20-21 of the the Issuer’s unaudited interim report for the six months ended 30 June 2022 which is therefore 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The omni-channel distribution network  
The Group can count on an omni-channel and integrated distribution network which is unique in Italy in terms 
of its extensiveness and proximity to clients. The digital transformation undertaken by Poste Italiane in recent 
years has involved both products and services offered in digital from and the distribution model which, through 
an omni-channel strategy, allows the Issuer to provide services that are tailored to the needs of its customers. 
The Covid-19 pandemic encouraged the acceleration of the transition to this new operating model, which 
enables Poste Italiane to quickly respond to changes in the market by leveraging its digital platforms which 
take advantage from technological innovation to create new personalised products and services and by opening 
up additional channels of communication with its customers.  
The Group’s integrated omni-channel platform provides customer care ad all its services through three 
channels: 
- 
the proprietary physical network: this network is composed by post offices, specialist commercial 
services for business clients and the delivery logistic network for the delivery of mail and parcels; 
- 
the digital infrastructure and remote contact points: all of the Group’s digital properties and its contact 
centre, active throughout Italy; and 
- 
the third-party physical network: composed by approximately 62,000 retail outlets based on 
commercial partnership agreements for the distribution of Group products and services. 
Proprietary physical network  
The Group has a physical proprietary network of 12,756 post offices as of 30 June 2022 with a workforce of 
29,959 postmen and women as of 30 June 2022 (average number for the first six months of 2022).   
The Group’s mail and parcel services are provided through two integrated and synergistic logistics networks: 
(i) the postal logistics network for the management of mail, which also manages small parcels; and (ii) the 
parcel logistics network, which handles all types of parcels. The integration between these networks was 
strengthened in 2020 by increasing the volume of small parcels that can be delivered via a postman/woman 
(carriable parcels, i.e. up to 5 kilos). In addition to these two existing delivery networks, a “last mile” network 
was added in 2020 (operated by MLK Deliveries S.p.A. (MLK Deliveries)), mainly focused on parcel 
deliveries with value-added services. Moreover, in 2021, through the acquisition of Nexive Group S.r.l. (and 
its group), an additional delivery network was added consisting of Nexive’s current external delivery partners 
which may increasingly focus on the delivery of packages and mail hand-delivered to the customer.    
Digital infrastructure and remote contact points  
The Web (poste.it) and App (BancoPosta; Postepay; Post Office and PosteID) channels provide access to 
online services for 33.8 million retail users at 31 December 2021 (35.6 million as at 30 June 2022), operating 
as both direct sales and after-sales channels. During the first half of 2022, the daily average number of Web 
and App users was 5.6 million. 
Third-party physical network

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
The third-party network is composed of approximately 62,000 retail outlets with a crucial role in the Group’s 
omni-channel strategy (the Punto Poste Network). These retail outlets have increased the services Poste 
Italiane can provide to customers, including transactional services gaining significant importance during the 
Covid-19 pandemic. Poste Italiane intends to create a platform for both the integration of the Group’s products 
with new third-party distribution channels and for the use of third-party services within the Group’s 
commercial offerings, also introducing innovative services with high added value.  
In 2021 the Punto Poste Network was expanded and currently consists of collection points (i.e., sales points 
which offer parcel collection and shipping services) and lockers (i.e., self-service locations with extended 
hours of operation). As at 31 December 2021, this network included approximately 13,500 collection points 
and parcel drop-off points (13,927 as at 30 June 2022), mainly tobacconists.  
Strategy and Business Plan  
On 18 March 2021 the Board of Directors of Poste Italiane approved a four-year strategic plan named “2024 
Sustain & Innovate” (the 24 SI Plan), designed to evolve on the basis of the foundations of the previous 2018- 
2022 five-year strategic plan named “Deliver 2022”.  
On 22 March 2022 the Board of Directors approved an update of the 24 SI Plan (the 24 SI Plus Plan).  
Whilst the successful execution of Deliver 2022 has been built around the Group’s historical competitive 
advantages, anticipating and addressing areas of growth with a proactive and clear strategic view, the 24 SI 
Plan is expected to continue delivering co-ordinated growth opportunities in all our businesses. 
The 24 SI Plan envisages that the Group shall: 
 
confirm Poste Italiane’s role as a strategic pillar for Italy, considering that Poste Italiane continues to 
hold an important role in the Italian vaccination programme for Covid-19; 
 
deliver responsible growth, supporting Italy’s transition to a sustainable low carbon economy and 
social integrity through innovation and digitalisation. In this respect, Poste Italiane has defined a clear 
ESG strategy structured on eight pillars contributing to the United Nations’ Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDGs) (for further details, see “ESG Strategy” below); 
 
support Italy’s digital transition; 
 
evolve the logistic network throughout the value chain, to benefit the full growth potential coming 
from the growing parcel market.  
 
achieve customer portfolio diversification across savings, insurance and investment products, building 
on its position as preferred financial partner, through a state-of-the-art, data-driven technology 
platform while becoming fully omni-channel; and 
 
keep payments as the core business and uniquely build on the telecommunication business with the 
intention of engaging with customers towards more value-added services such as the energy product 
offer (for further details, see “Business of the Group – 2. Payments and Mobile” below).  
The 24 SI Plan set pragmatic and achievable financial targets and clearly defined KPIs, including mid-plan 
objectives, aiming at an improvement to operating profits during the period, supported by revenue growth and 
cost discipline in all business segments. Targets are built on granular and diverse initiatives, with a low 
execution risk. 
Mail, Parcel and Distribution

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
Poste Italiane aims to become the preferred logistic operator, ensuring economic and environmental 
sustainability and the transformation of its business from mail to parcel-centric operator. 
The successful introduction of the joint delivery model (the Joint Delivery Model), an innovative mail and 
parcel delivery model, based on population and volume density, which includes afternoon and weekend 
deliveries, intends to facilitate certain initiatives aimed at efficiency such as contactless delivery and postmen 
mileage reductions, exploiting the increased points of contact enabled by the Punto Poste Network expansion.  
The implementation of the strategy is based on streamlining the distribution networks, including the integration 
with Nexive Group S.r.l. from 2021, while the overall network evolution is expected to increase productivity 
and consolidation of leadership in the B2C (business to consumers) market and growth in the C2X (consumer 
to consumer/business) and B2B (business to business) segments through the introduction of specific offers and 
initiatives aimed at improving the customer experience. In this respect, the acquisition of Plurima S.p.A. 
(leader in the Italian market for hospital logistics, document custody and management services for public and 
private hospitals) intends to reinforce the contract logistics segment.  
Payments and Mobile  
The Payments and Mobile unit is fully integrated in the omni-channel service model, beside the traditional 
business lines of payments and telecommunications, with an offer recently launched in the energy sector, a 
market which has been subject to a liberalisation process which represents an opportunity for Poste Italiane, 
by leveraging the Group’s physical network assets, evolving towards digitalisation of services, including the 
evolution of all of Poste Italiane’s new channels. 
This unit has the opportunity to further increase cross-selling activities and is intended to have a crucial role 
in offering new FTTP (i.e., Fiber To The Premises, a broadband offer) services to customers and from the 
second half of 2022, the new energy services offer, embracing an energy-fintech approach.  
The 24 SI Plan strategy has been developed through the following directions: (i) e-money: evolution and 
digitalisation of the prepaid and debit card offer to support the payments business and the Group’s green 
strategy through total transactions with debit and prepaid cards (payment card stock - PostePay EVO stock 
and eco-sustainable card stock - and digital e-wallets stock); (ii) telecommunications: reinforcement of its 
position in the mobile market and increase in acquisitions from the digital channel with a market expansion 
through the new “PosteCasa Ultraveloce” fiber offer and migration to a new mobile host operator for optimised 
management of customers voice and data traffic (fixed and mobile lines stock); and (iii) energy: entry in the 
energy market, subject to the market conditions, through a 100% green offer on the Italian national electricity 
and gas market. 
 
Financial Services 
The Financial Services unit aims to further evolve its service model by the combination of its traditional 
physical model with the opportunities provided by technological innovation. 
Poste Italiane intends to respond to changing customer preferences and behaviours, leveraging the unique 
strengths and assets of the Group, with an omni-channel and customer-centric approach. 
The priorities of the 24 SI Plan include growth in wealth management, by means of the diversification of 
customer portfolios to optimise their risk-return profile, the integration of non-life policies within the advisory 
model and a renewed focus on loans, with particular emphasis on the CQS (salary backed loan) segment, also 
thanks to partnerships signed with leading operators in the sector. The business related to the purchase of tax 
credits on building bonuses represents an opportunity to diversify the investment portfolio. 
Insurance Services

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
Poste Italiane aims to become an insurance operator capable of serving all customers’ investment and 
protection needs for the expansion of the Insurance Services unit.  
Poste Italiane, through Poste Vita S.p.A. (Poste Vita), intends to strengthen its leadership position in the so-
called life insurance segment, thanks to its investment products, ideally positioned to serve the increasing 
demand by retail investors for low risk and low volatility investments. 
The Property & Casualty (P&C) business is able to serve the increased demand for health and property 
protection expected in the post Covid-19 environment with a profitable growth for the division, due to the in-
house company undertaking the role of TPA (i.e., third party administrator) for health insurance and fully 
digital claims management capabilities already in place. 
Poste Italiane aims to reverse the trend of under-insurance in Italy compared to the majority of the other 
European countries, by leveraging on the integration of P&C covers within life investment products. 
People, capex, financial results and capital structure 
The Group promotes continuous training opportunities in line with innovative business needs as the main 
driver of its competitive advantage in the market. 
The training is part of a much larger project that, in line with business principles and the needs of the market, 
customers and regulations expects to provide about 25 million hours of training between 2020 and 2024. 
The SI Plan 2024 intends to be supported by an effective investment program, driving innovation across all 
businesses while keeping the ratio of capital expenditures to revenues stable through efficient business 
management and a conservative cost strategy. 
BancoPosta has a strong capital position, with CET 1 (Common Equity Tier 1) ratio at 19.3% at the end of 
2021 (20.9% as at 30 June 2022). Poste Italiane’s balance sheet has no embedded credit risk due to its limited 
banking licence (which prevents BancoPosta from lending directly to customers), the CET1 ratio is not 
impacted by government bond volatility and its unique business model focused on the distribution of third-
party products, loans and mortgages which, in turn results in low capital absorption. BancoPosta aims to 
maintain a strong capital position thanks to its capital light business model centred on distribution of third-
party products, with no credit risk. 
In addition, the Group’s insurance business is expected to continue to have a solid capital position, with a 
Solvency II Directive ratio, as defined below, in compliance with regulatory requirements and the internal risk 
appetite framework. The intention is to maintain a strong capital position with a commitment to reduce the 
sensitivity of the Solvency II Directive ratio to core risk factors from time to time.  
In terms of compensation strategy, Poste Italiane has adopted a new flexible and innovative “Rewards 
Platform” model with an integrated approach that combines human capital development, environmental, social 
and governance (ESG) and financial sustainability strategies. 
Poste Italiane expects to maintain a solid balance sheet and an efficient capital structure throughout the 24 SI 
Plan. 
Equity is intended to increase over the course of the 24 SI Plan, pursuing an efficient capital structure for the 
Group. 
ESG Strategy  
To be sustainable for Poste Italiane means defining a clear strategy on ESG issues and structurally 
incorporating it within the strategic objectives set in the “2024 Sustain & Innovate” Plan.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
Poste Italiane has adopted a Sustainability Strategy consisting of a set of Sustainability Policies and an ESG 
Strategic Plan, which contributes to the achievement of national and supranational social and environmental 
development objectives. Within the broader strategic framework defined by the Group, this strategy is 
consistent with the Issuer’s activities and business criteria. Poste Italiane's ESG Strategic Plan is based on eight 
pillars in the ESG areas relevant for the Group: (i) Integrity and transparency; (ii) People development; (iii) 
Diversity and inclusion; (iv) Creating value for the country; (v) Green transition; (vi) Customer experience; 
(vii) Innovation; and (viii) Sustainable finance.  
Each pillar has specific objectives and targets contributing to the achievement of the United Nations’ SDGs. 
The ESG strategic plan is integrated within the 24 SI Plan, enabling the Issuer to create shared value for all 
the relevant stakeholders and achieve the corporate strategic objectives. 
The “Green transition” pillar represents Poste Italiane’s new green strategy, which aims to accelerate the 
energy transition process in particular through the so-called “Green Challenge”. This includes entering the 
energy market with a 100% renewable energy offer and offsetting of CO2 emissions through the development 
of ad hoc tools in order to help the country achieve carbon neutrality targets by 2030. The name “Green 
transition” intends to communicate in a clearer way the new comprehensive approach adopted by the Issuer 
which integrates environmental issues into all Poste Italiane’s products, services and processes.  
Poste Italiane embarked on a project to renew its fleet, with the aim of reducing the environmental impact of 
logistics by increasing the use of electric vehicles. Poste Italiane also undertook an ambitious process to 
decarbonise its buildings. The Group encouraged the installation of photovoltaic panels on its buildings. 
Furthermore, the “Smart Building” project was promoted to achieve a management system for small/medium 
Poste Italiane locations by monitoring consumption, weather conditions inside and outside of the buildings 
and automatic implementation of systems which regulate and manage the air conditioning, heating and lighting 
systems. 
The “Creating value for the country” pillar expresses the Group’s commitment to create and deliver shared 
value mainly through: (i) support for the socio-economic development of local communities; (ii) dialogue and 
transparency in relations with authorities; and (iii) financial inclusion initiatives. 
Poste Italiane has always been dedicated to the local communities it works in, supporting modernisation and 
digitalisation, promoting well-being for citizens and socio-economic development to generate a positive 
impact on the community through organic and widespread social inclusion initiatives. In this respect, Poste 
Italiane contributes to the achievement of the SDGs defined within the 2030 Agenda of the United Nations, 
aimed at ending all forms of poverty (SDG 1); providing quality, equitable and inclusive education and 
learning opportunities for all (SDG 4); encouraging sustainable, inclusive and lasting economic growth, full 
and productive employment and decent work for all (SDG 8); reducing inequality (SDG 10). 
The effort that Poste Italiane has made to implement a structured sustainability path that is fully consistent 
with its business objectives has led the Group to achieve important recognitions and inclusion in major 
sustainability indices such as Euronext MIB ESG with first place in the ESG Overall Score by Vigeo-Eiris, 
Dow Jones Sustainability Index (both World and Europe), Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index (GEI), Euronext 
Vigeo-Eiris (both World 120, Eurozone 120 and Europe 120), FTSE4GOOD (both Europe and Developed), 
and Stoxx Global ESG Leaders. 
Business of the Group  
The Group’s business activities are organised into the following four strategic business units (also referred to 
as operating segments): 
1. 
Mail, Parcels and Distribution, which includes mail, express courier, logistics and parcels, 
distribution and sale of stamps, and the activities carried out by the various business areas of the Parent 
Company in the other segments in which the Group operates. In addition to the Parent Company, the

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
following companies operate in this segment: (i) Postel S.p.A. (Postel), (ii) SDA Express Courier 
S.p.A. (SDA Express Courier), (iii) Poste Air Cargo S.r.l. (Poste Air Cargo), (iv) and other 
companies of the Group which carry out minor related additional services. Since 2022 Poste Welfare 
Servizi S.r.l. (Poste Welfare Servizi) is included in this unit. The Mail, Parcels and Distribution unit 
also earns revenues from the services provided by the various Poste Italiane organisational structures 
to other units (for further details see “1. Mails, Parcels and Distribution – Revenues in the Mail, 
Parcels and Distribution segment from other business areas” below). 
2. 
Payments and Mobile, includes the activities of payment management, electronic money services 
and mobile and fixed line telecommunications services carried out by Postepay S.p.A. (PostePay), 
which has an equity interest of 3.6% in Nexi S.p.A. (i.e., a digital payment service provider), offering 
technology services and infrastructure to banks, businesses and public authorities. Since the second 
half of 2022, this unit includes activities related to energy sales (i.e., gas and electricity) to end 
customers.  
3. 
Financial Services, which is responsible for the provision by BancoPosta of current accounts and 
payment services (including pensions and collection or disbursement of payments for third parties, of 
which some are outsourced to the Payments and Mobile unit), investment products (mainly postal 
savings products distributed on behalf of Cassa Depositi e Prestiti) and financing services such as 
mortgages and personal loans branded BancoPosta and issued by third parties. This unit also handles 
asset management activities through the distribution of mutual funds by BancoPosta Fondi S.p.A. SGR 
(BancoPosta Fondi) and the distribution of third-party asset management products, including those 
of Anima Holding S.p.A. (Anima Holding), an independent asset manager of which the Issuer holds 
11.02%. Other minor companies operate in the unit.  
4. 
Insurance Services, which operates in the sale of both life insurance products of classes I, III, IV and 
V, through Poste Vita, and, since its launch in 2010, non-life insurance products through Poste 
Assicura S.p.A. (Poste Assicura) (fully owned by Poste Vita). This unit also includes in 2021 Poste 
Welfare Servizi (included in the Mail, Parcels and Distribution unit since 2022), which manages 
supplementary medical funds, services for the acquisition and validation of databases, and services 
and settlement on behalf of private health funds; it also provides services for the management of health 
and pension products of the Poste Vita Group (as defined below). 
The table below represents the list of companies of the Group operating in each segment as at 31 December 
2021.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
OPERATING SEGMENTS FOR YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021  
 
Mail, Parcels and Distribution  
Payments and Mobile  
Financial Services 
Insurance Services 
Poste Italiane S.p.A. 
Postel S.p.A. 
SDA Express Courier S.p.A. 
Poste Air Cargo S.r.l. 
Consorzio Logistica Pacchi S.c.p.A. 
Europa Gestioni Immobiliari S.p.A. 
Consorzio PosteMotori 
PatentiViaPoste S.c.p.A. 
Address Software S.r.l. 
Indabox S.r.l. 
ItaliaCamp S.r.l. 
Kipoint S.p.A. 
Conio Inc.  
Sennder Italia S.r.l.  
MLK Deliveries S.p.A.  
Sengi Express Limited 
Sengi Express Guangzhou 
Limited  
Nexive Network S.r.l. 
Nexive S.c.a.r.l. 
 
PostePay S.p.A. 
Consorzio per i servizi 
di telefonia Mobile 
S.c.p.A. 
Nexi S.p.A.  
PSIA S.r.l. 
Tink AB 
Volante Technologies 
Inc 
BancoPosta RFC 
BancoPosta Fondi S.p.A. 
SGR 
Anima Holding S.p.A.  
Moneyfarm Holding Ltd 
Financit S.p.A. 
Replica SIM S.p.A. 
 
Poste Vita S.p.A. 
Poste Assicura S.p.A. 
Poste Welfare Servizi S.r.l. 
(*) 
Poste Insurance Broker S.r.l. 
 
(*) Since 2022 Poste Welfare Servizi S.r.l. is included in the Mail, Parcels and Distribution unit. 
The tables below illustrate certain financial items of the Group by business segment for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020. 
 
 
 
 
(€m) 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Year ended 
31 December 
2021 
Mail, Parcels & 
Distribution 
Financial 
Services 
Insurance Services 
Payments 
and 
Mobile  
 
Adjustments 
and eliminations 
Total 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net external 
revenue from 
ordinary 
activities 
3,685 
4,783 
1,870  
882  
-  
11,220  
Net 
intersegment 
revenue from 
ordinary 
activities 
4,694  
759  
3  
319   
(5,776) 
-

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
Net operating 
revenue 
8,380  
5,542  
1,873  
1,201  
(5,776) 
11,220  
Depreciation, 
amortisation 
and 
impairments 
(770) 
- 
(4) 
(16)  
1 
(790) 
Non-cash 
expenses 
(64) 
(44) 
(5) 
(12)  
-  
(125) 
Total non-
cash expenses 
(834) 
(44) 
(9) 
(28)  
1  
(915) 
Operating 
profit/(loss) 
(305) 
747  
1,123  
282   
-  
1,846  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Finance 
income/(costs
) 
(Impairment 
loss)/reversal 
on debt 
instruments, 
receivables 
and other 
assets 
Profit/(loss) 
on 
investments 
accounted for 
using the 
equity method 
(18) 
 
- 
 
 
 
1 
(13)  
 
- 
 
 
 
22 
101  
 
- 
 
 
 
- 
226  
 
- 
 
 
 
3 
 
-  
 
- 
 
 
 
- 
296 
 
- 
 
 
 
26 
Intersegment 
finance 
income/(costs
) 
46 
(1) 
(48) 
-  
-  
- 
Income tax 
expense 
46 
(200) 
(349) 
(85)  
-  
(588) 
Net 
profit/(loss) 
for the year  
(230) 
556  
828  
425   
-  
1,580  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Assets 
12,845  
109,410  
166,397 
10,194   
(14,118) 
284,728  
Non-current 
assets 
7,832  
76,384  
154,408  
783   
(2,753) 
236,652  
Current assets 
5,013  
33,026  
11,989  
9,411   
(11,365) 
48,076  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Liabilities 
10,105  
104,996  
160,444  
9,304  
(12,231) 
272,618

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
Non-current 
liabilities 
4,317  
15,126  
159,657  
336  
(909) 
178,528  
Current 
liabilities 
5,788  
89,870  
787  
8,968  
(11,322) 
94,090  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Other 
information 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Capital 
expenditure 
739 
- 
- 
15   
-  
754  
Investments 
accounted for 
using equity 
method 
3  
274 
-  
 -   
-  
227  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (€m) 
  
  
  
   
 
  
Year ended 31 December 2020 
Mail, 
Parcels & 
Distributio
n 
Financial 
Services 
Insurance 
Services 
 Payme
nts and 
Mobile  
 
Adjustme
nts and 
eliminati
ons 
Total 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
Net external revenue from ordinary 
activities 
3,201 
4,945 
1,643  
737 
 
- 
10,526 
Net intersegment revenue from ordinary 
activities 
4,634 
665 
1  
341 
 
(5,641) 
- 
Net operating revenue 
7,835 
5,610 
1,644  
1,078 
 
(5,641) 
10,526 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Depreciation, amortisation and 
impairments 
(667) 
(1) 
(8)  
(25) 
 
1 
(700) 
Non-cash expenses 
60 
33 
(3)  
(5) 
 
- 
(35) 
Total non-cash expenses 
(727) 
32 
(11)  
(30) 
 
1 
(735) 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Operating profit/(loss) 
(588) 
866 
988  
258 
 
- 
1,524 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Finance income/(costs) 
(35) 
(7) 
90  
- 
 
- 
48 
(Impairment loss)/reversal on debt 
instruments, receivables and other assets 
- 
- 
(1)  
- 
 
- 
(1) 
Profit/(Loss) on investments accounted for 
using the equity method 
- 
(3) 
- 
 
8 
 
- 
5 
Intersegment finance income/(costs) 
46 
(1) 
(48)  
1 
 
- 
- 
Income tax expense 
158 
(210) 
(245)  
(73) 
 
- 
(370) 
Net profit/(loss) for the year  
(419) 
647 
784  
194 
 
- 
1,206 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Assets 
12,867 
104,229 
160,243  
8,735 
 
(13,717) 
272,357 
Non-current assets 
7,002 
70,254 
152,302  
484 
 
(2,383) 
227,659 
Current assets 
5,865 
33,975 
7,941  
8,251 
 
(11,334) 
44,698 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
10,885 
98,948 
154,953  
8,193 
 
(12,129) 
260,850 
Non-current liabilities 
4,519 
18,290 
154,300  
304 
 
(793) 
176,620 
Current liabilities 
6,366 
80,658 
653  
7,889 
 
(11,336) 
84,230

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
Other information 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Capital expenditure 
658 
1 
1  
20 
 
- 
680 
Investments accounted for using equity 
method 
3 
210 
-  
402 
 
- 
615 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. 
Mail, Parcels and Distribution  
This strategic business unit includes the activities of mail, express delivery, logistics, parcels and philately. In 
more detail, the Mail, Parcels and Distribution segment includes the following areas: 
 
Mail, which includes the provision by Poste Italiane of traditional postal services, as well as direct 
marketing and innovative services (within the broader sector of paper-based and electronic 
communications and e-Government services), and the distribution and sale of stamps and products for 
stamp collectors. This business area also includes services provided by the Postel Group (as defined 
below) in the area of mass printing; and 
 
Parcels, including express delivery products offered in unregulated markets by Poste Italiane to retail 
and small and medium-sized enterprise customers and by SDA Express Courier to business customers. 
SDA Express Courier also provides integrated solutions for distribution, logistics and catalogue sales. 
The provision of ordinary parcel services is part of Universal Postal Service obligations. 
The subsidiary Poste Air Cargo provides air freight services. As part of its postal and parcel service activities, 
Poste Air Cargo provides air freight services for Poste Italiane (in cooperation with Consorzio Logistica Pacchi 
S.c.p.A.).  
Poste Italiane provides the Universal Postal Service (as defined below in “Regulatory Framework– Mail, 
Parcels and Distribution – recent history and current framework”) on the basis of a mandate which was 
renewed for 15 years (with mid-term reviews every five years) from April 2011 by the MED. In particular, the 
Universal Postal Service includes several essential services that must be provided, at reasonable prices, to all 
users in the territory of the Republic of Italy.  
The Universal Postal Service includes:  
(a) 
collection, transport, sorting and delivery of postal items up to 2 kg; 
(b) 
collection, transport, sorting and delivery of postal parcels up to 20 kg; and 
(c) 
services relating to the delivery of registered mail and insured mail. 
With the full liberalisation of the postal market, the so called “reserved area” (i.e., the set of postal services 
exclusively provided by Poste Italiane) was eliminated.  
The main tasks carried out by Poste Italiane under the Universal Postal Service are: 
(a) 
collection and delivery of mail, press items and parcels to the domicile of every legal entity 
or individual located in the national territory, in compliance with certain quality standards;  
(b) 
provision of a separate accounting system, based on pre-determined criteria set out in order to 
prevent cross-subsidisation from universal services to other services provided by the Group; 
(c) 
calculating and reporting to AGCom the net cost of the Universal Postal Service pursuant to 
the obligations set out by law, AGCom resolutions and the Poste-MED Programme 
Agreement (Contratto di Programma) signed between Poste Italiane and MED on 30 
November 2019 for the years 2020-2024 (the Poste-MED Programme Agreement);

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
(d) 
compliance with quality standards for the delivery of postal items and the criteria for the 
distribution and availability of services set forth by relevant regulations for post offices; and 
(e) 
adoption of transparent, simple and affordable procedures to manage claims by end-
customers. 
See “Regulatory Framework” below for further details on the Universal Postal Service. 
Through the Mail Parcels & Distribution strategic business unit, Poste Italiane continues to reorganise its 
transport, sorting, delivery and customer experience activities, in line with the long-term objectives outlined 
in the 24 SI Plan, such as increasing efficiency, flexibility and quality in order to seize the opportunities arising 
from the development of e-commerce.  
In particular, Poste Italiane has a partnership with Amazon EU S.a.r.l. (Amazon) for the development of e-
commerce in Italy, which was renewed in 2021 with an offer of innovative delivery services, in line with Poste 
Italiane’s strategy of expanding its logistics segment related to online shopping. Linked to this is also the 
expansion of the PuntoPoste network for the collection of online purchases and sending returns. By the end of 
2021, the network included more than 13,500 alternative collection points. In addition to post offices, these 
collection points include tobacconists, bars, stationery shops, news-stands and shops, 350 lockers and 100 
authorised Carrefour supermarkets (as at 30 June 2022, the Punto Poste Network consisted of 13,927 points, 
including collection points and lockers).  
Moreover, in line with the evolution of the market and the needs of e-shoppers, the Group has embarked on a 
strategic programme based on collaboration with innovative start-ups specialised in last mile logistics to 
develop innovative and technologically advanced delivery services, such as the “Scheduled Delivery” service 
that allows e-shoppers to request delivery on a specific date and time slot (subject to availability).  
The two existing delivery networks (i.e., letter carriers and SDA couriers) were joined in 2020 by a “last mile” 
network, operated by MLK Deliveries and focused mainly on parcel deliveries with value-added services (i.e., 
“Same Day Delivery” and “Scheduled Delivery”). With the acquisition of the Nexive Group (as defined below) 
in the first quarter of 2021 and the corporate reorganisation carried out in the following months, an additional 
delivery network consisting of Nexive’s current external delivery partners was added. As of 1 October 2021, 
this network is managed by Nexive Network S.r.l. (Nexive Network), which provides management and 
coordination services for the new delivery network, formed by Nexive’s external partners, used to support the 
“last mile” phase of Poste Italiane’s postal products and small parcels delivery process.  
 
As part of the long-haul road transport optimisation programme launched in 2019, Poste Italiane, through its 
subsidiary sennder Italia S.r.l. (as of 30 June 2022, 35% owned by Sennder Technologies GmbH), carries out 
domestic and international long-distance road transport activities, with a business model based on highly 
digitised processes and proprietary IT platforms, creating optimised management of processes and distances 
covered. 
Mail  
The Mail business involves the provision of paper, electronic and hybrid mail services (the latter carried out 
by the Postel Group (as defined below)), and the coordination of territorial structures for the management of 
logistic activities relating to mail shipment, transportation and delivery. 
The postal market is currently under radical changes, mainly due to the digital transformation, which has 
affected the volumes of mail and parcels in circulation. In terms of macro-trends, the continuous structural 
decrease in volumes of traditional mail, replaced by digital forms of communication (e.g., email, instant 
messaging, etc.) has been accompanied by a significant increase in the volume of parcels shipped.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
Poste Italiane’s policy is aimed at countering the declining trend in the mail market by defending its market 
position, through:  
 
the development of new products and services in line with evolving market needs, including 
physical, hybrid and fully digital communications needs, leveraging its market position and core 
assets; 
 
a comprehensive rationalisation of product portfolio to eliminate overlaps; and 
 
the improvement of quality and efficiency standards, the maximisation of synergies in the logistics 
and operation network and the enhancement of all the available Group assets. 
Poste Italiane’s main sub-business in the Mail business area 
The Postel Group (as defined below) provides communication services to businesses and the Public 
Administration. In addition to printing and enveloping of mail, which traditionally represents the core business 
of the Postel Group, its range of services includes mass printing (i.e., the set of services intended for 
outsourcers of large volumes of mail), direct marketing (i.e., integrated communications and marketing 
services combined with the printing of commercial documentation), electronic document management 
whereby the Postel Group offers its customers traditional optical acquisition and storage services, as well as 
innovative services such as backup optical filing and electronic invoicing, e-procurement (i.e., the 
management, distribution and supply of stationery, IT products, blank forms, printed material, consumables 
and other products required by both Poste Italiane’s network of approximately 12,750 post offices and by 
external parties).  
Parcels  
The Parcels’ business area includes express delivery products offered on the deregulated market to retail, small 
and medium-sized enterprise customers and business customers. All the products are provided by Poste 
Italiane, with the aim of providing an integrated Group offer.  
The products offered include the provision of ordinary parcel services as part of the obligation to provide the 
Universal Postal Service. The SDA Express Courier group manages delivery activities together with the 
postmen and women network chain for all services offered. The services include shipments in the domestic 
and international markets, but activities are largely focused on the domestic market. 
In the parcel market, e-commerce continues to be the main driver of growth: online commerce has seen 
significant growth in recent years and is beginning to establish itself as a new buying/selling habit, due in part 
to new choices caused by the Covid-19 health emergency. These include increased digital consumer education, 
overcoming of barriers to online shopping, the rise of web shoppers, the digitalisation of traditional retailers 
and the trend to develop e-commerce channels integrated with the physical experience. However, the parcels 
segment has experienced a period of uncertainty in 2022, but this does not undermine the market value, which 
has significantly increased during the Covid-19 pandemic years.  
In March 2021, Poste Italiane finalised the acquisition of a majority shareholding in Sengi Express Limited. 
The company is a benchmark for Chinese e-commerce merchants in the Italian market and a leader in the 
creation and management of cross-border logistics solutions. 
In June 2021 a new parcel hub was opened in northern Italy, the largest logistics centre in Italy (80,000 square 
metres), capable of handling peaks of more than 300,000 parcels per day through the most advanced 
technological standards.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
Home delivery of medicines is offered in large cities and medium/small municipalities, in three ways: (i) 
instant areas (i.e., within 90 minutes of purchase), (ii) scheduled (i.e., at the desired time) and (iii) next day 
(i.e., day after purchase). The service is active in 169 municipalities (large cities and medium-small towns). 
In May 2022, a majority stake was acquired in Plurima S.p.A., an Italian leader in the sector of healthcare 
logistics. 
The logistic support for the vaccination campaign to deliver Covid-19 vaccine doses continued in 2022, with 
more than 30 million doses delivered throughout Italy. 
Revenues in the Mail, Parcels and Distribution segment from other business areas  
Revenues from other business areas are mainly generated by three types of services which the Mail, Parcels 
and Distribution segment provides to BancoPosta RFC and the Payments and Mobile unit. These services can 
be summarised as follows: 
 
commercial activities, represented by the sale of BancoPosta products and providing services to all 
customers; 
 
support services, meaning coordinating and managing investments, IT system, customer care and 
postal services; and 
 
staff services, represented by providing support for the coordination and management of 
BancoPosta RFC across all areas of business. 
See “3. Financial Services” below for a description of the fees and commissions structure (determined by 
means of transfer pricing) for the above-mentioned services (which are not taken into consideration in the 
consolidation process of the Issuer’s separate and consolidated financial statements). 
2. 
Payments and Mobile  
The Payments and Mobile strategic business unit aims to deliver on the strategic objective of becoming Italy’s 
leading payments ecosystem, ensuring convergence between payments and mobile technology, and between 
physical and digital distribution channels. In this regard, the Group intends to lead changes in the habits of 
consumers, businesses and the Public Administration, by creating new integrated products and services. In line 
with the 24 SI Plan, the SBU adopts an omni-channel service model that envisages the use of Poste Italiane's 
physical and digital channels, seen as a strength and an opportunity to accelerate the country's development, 
and the use of third-party physical networks to strengthen the positioning of the offer. 
PostePay aims to be the largest digital payments platform in Italy by leveraging Italy’s most widespread 
distribution network, made up of post offices, in order to enable the Group to consolidate its role as a driver 
of the country’s development and innovation. PostePay forms part of Poste Italiane’s digital transformation in 
response to a changing competitive scenario in the payments sector, designed to take advantage of the 
opportunities offered by market deregulation and the changes in progress.  
Since the second half of 2022, the unit activities have included sales in the energy market related to gas and 
electricity to end-customers. 
The Payments and Mobile strategic business unit was established in 2017 in order to capitalise on the Group’s 
leadership in prepaid cards and build on PSD2 (as defined in “Regulatory Framework – Payments and Mobile” 
below) to create a single payment solution offering. 
Therefore, in order to stimulate its growth in the market of payment services and strengthen its services with 
respect to retail, business and Public Administration customers, Poste Italiane has decided to combine the

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
Group’s distinctive competencies related to mobile and digital payments in a sole entity since 2018. More 
specifically, such scope involved the following: 
 
the contribution in kind in 2018 into PosteMobile S.p.A. (then renamed PostePay S.p.A.), of 
BancoPosta RFC’s e-money and payment services; and 
 
the establishment by PostePay of a separate entity specialising in e-money and payment services, 
and through which PostePay operates as an electronic money institution, whilst also continuing to 
operate as a mobile virtual network operator.  
In light of the above, the Payments and Mobile strategic business unit, which operates partially under a ring-
fenced capital regime, aims to centralise the management of payment services (also taking into account new 
activities introduced by PSD2 (as defined in “Regulatory Framework – Payments and Mobile” below) and 
operates as a full MVNO to offer mobile telecommunication services. More specifically, the Payments and 
Mobile strategic business unit offers (i) electronic money services both in card issuing and acquiring, (ii) 
collection and payment services provided by BancoPosta RFC (managed in outsourcing), and (iii) mobile and 
fixed line telecommunication services offered by the former PosteMobile, which has acquired significant 
experience over the years in digital services and in mobile banking and mobile payments.  
PostePay has strategic partnerships with Tink AB (i.e., one of the leading open banking platforms in Europe) 
and Volanté Technologies Inc. (i.e., a U.S. company specialised in the development of technological solutions 
underlying payment processes). The investment in Nexi S.p.A. has also been allocated to the Payments and 
Mobile strategic business unit. 
With regard to the e-money service, as of 31 December 2021 the number of cards in circulation is 28.6 million 
(28.3 million as of 30 June 2022), including prepaid cards (so-called Postepay), Postamat debit cards and 
credit cards. The stock of Postepay amounted to 21.1 million (20.8 million as of 30 June 2022). The payment 
cards transactions amounted in 2021 to 2,013 million with a total value of Euro 61,086 million (an increase of 
25.3% with respect to 2020). As of 30 June 2022, payment cards transactions amounted to 1,075 million with 
a total value of Euro 32,580 million.  
In addition, as of 31 December 2021, PosteMobile had 4.4 million mobile lines (4.5 million as of 30 June 
2022) with an overall market share of about 4.3% (4.2% as of 30 March 2022) (Source: AGCom, Osservatorio 
sulle Comunicazioni, n. 4/2021 and n. 1/2022) and 298,000 fixed lines (335,000 fixed lines as of 30 June 
2022).  
A distinctive PostePay product is Postepay Connect, the offer that combines the Postepay Evolution card and 
the PosteMobile SIM. Postepay Connect enables customers to: (i) manage payment and telephone services 
quickly and intuitively through the Postepay App; (ii) transfer data from one PosteMobile Connect SIM card 
to another PosteMobile Connect SIM card (G2G) free of charge and in real time; and (iii) transfer money 
between two Postepay accounts (P2P).  
In 2021, the commercialisation of Postepay Connect, the offering that integrates the Postepay Evolution 
prepaid card and the PosteMobile SIM into a single app, continued, focusing on the Postepay Connect Back 
offer which allows users to receive cash back on their Postepay Evolution card for unconsumed gigabytes. 
As part of the Poste Italiane Group's sustainability plan, the first biodegradable Postepay Green card was 
launched in March 2021. The new sustainable prepaid card, designed for a target audience between the ages 
of 10 and 17, is made of biodegradable material and offers new functions for teens and their parents, from 
“parental control” to a “pocket money” service. These services can be used from both the web and the app 
channel. 
In the “Acquiring” area, Postepay Code, a method for collecting cash through a new QR code acceptance 
function, was activated in January 2020. The feature in the Postepay app allows QR codes to be scanned

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
directly into the app in order to return the payment option to the screen and then proceed with the transaction. 
The new service also allows small merchants to collect customer-ordered payments directly from the Postepay 
app, without the need for a physical card-accepting device (the so-called POS).  
In October 2021, the Code WEB function was relaunched for all customers, to standardise the user experience 
of the Code payment service, both online and in-store. The new feature allows customers to pay online by 
scanning the QR code on the websites of affiliated merchants.  
Also in the “Acquiring” area, following an agreement with Lottomatica - LIS Istituto di Pagamento, the bill 
payments acceptance service is operational for the approximately 55,000 points of sale in the LIS network. 
Since 2020, the channel has been active for remote sale by LIS of the physical Postepay POS acquiring service 
on the entire network of affiliated tobacconists. In addition, the enabling of LIS points of sale to accept bill 
payments through the Postepay Code was completed in 2021. 
With regards to collections, Postepay S.p.A. has joined the PagoPA system; its membership as a new-
generation Payment Services Provider (PSP) (i.e., a financial intermediary for payments made via the internet 
channel, with a view to comply with PSD2 and alongside Poste), is aimed at intercepting all spontaneous 
payments to the Public Administration via digital solutions. In the collections segment, it is possible to pay tax 
collection notices (former RAV) through Poste, which channels them to the PagoPA system. In addition, since 
2020, the offer of APPs was expanded with payment of car tax.  
In 2021 PostePay was awarded the sponsorship contract by the Italian Ministry of Education for the supply of 
“The Student Card – the Study”, for the distribution of prepaid multifunctional cards to secondary school 
students and the implementation of a platform for the disbursement of scholarships grants in digital wallets 
expendable at the network of affiliated merchants. The aim is to bring young people closer to the world of 
digital payments. 
In terms of telephone services, PosteMobile is active in both mobile and land-line services. In the mobile 
segment, PosteMobile is focused on acquisition offers that build customer loyalty over time with an 
omnichannel sales proposition both on physical and online channels. As part of its strategy to consolidate land-
line telecommunications services and expand its offerings aimed at the consumer and business markets, in 
2020 PostePay signed an agreement with Open Fiber and one with TIM to bring advanced Internet connectivity 
solutions to individuals and businesses, by providing the Italian territory with fiber-optic services with ultra-
broadband technologies. In 2021 PosteMobile entered into the ultra-broadband market, providing fiber optic 
services through ultra-broadband technologies: PostePay has launched “PosteCasa Ultraveloce”, the new 
“data only” offer, which can be subscribed to online, with a “fully digital” process, which enables users to use 
Internet at home at fiber speed of up to 1Gbps without limits. 
Since the second half of 2022 the unit activities have included sales of energy activities (gas and electricity) 
to end-customers with an offer with 100% green electricity and 100% CO2 offset for gas. 
3. 
Financial Services  
The Financial Services strategic business unit of Poste Italiane offers current accounts and payment services 
(including pensions and the collection or disbursement of payments for third parties), investment products 
(mainly postal savings products distributed on behalf of CDP) and financing services such as mortgages and 
personal loans branded BancoPosta and issued by third parties whereas the payment services (e.g. bollettini), 
are managed in outsourcing by Payments and Mobile (see “2. Payments and Mobile” above). 
BancoPosta’s operations consist of the services listed in the Presidential Decree No. 144 of 14 March 2001 
(Presidential Decree 144), as, as amended,2 namely: 
                                              
2 The list of services which may be carried out by BancoPosta has been enhanced by Law No. 221 of 17 December 
2012, that amended Presidential Decree 144, as illustrated in “Regulatory Framework – Financial Services” below.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
 
collection of savings from the public in accordance with article 11, paragraph 1, of Legislative 
Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (Banking Act), and all related and consequent 
activities; 
 
collection of savings through postal securities and deposits;  
 
provision of payment services, including the issuance of e-money and other means of payment 
pursuant to article 1, paragraph 2, letter f), numbers 4) and 5), of the Banking Act;  
 
currency exchange services;  
 
promotion and placement to the public of loans issued by licensed banks and financial brokers;  
 
investment and related services pursuant to article 12 of Presidential Decree 144; 
 
debt collection services; and 
 
professional gold trading on own behalf and on behalf of third parties, in accordance with Law No. 
7 of 17 January 2000.  
These activities, initially performed by BancoPosta as a business division and regulated since 2001 by 
Presidential Decree 144, have been developed according to a business model able to offer to customers a full 
range of products and services, without the need of a banking licence. Although Presidential Decree 144 
explicitly prohibits BancoPosta (attività di BancoPosta), from engaging in lending activities vis-à-vis the 
public, currently carried out by Poste Italiane through BancoPosta RFC, BancoPosta structures products and 
services and selects, if necessary, third parties to offer the same services both directly and indirectly to clients. 
BancoPosta has been subject to the supervision of the Bank of Italy since its creation in 2001. 
On 28 May 2021, the Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of Poste Italiane approved the removal of 
BancoPosta RFC’s restriction on the assets and legal relationships constituting the “Debit Card Business” (i.e., 
Poste Italiane’s debit cards for BancoPosta current account holders). The transaction is aimed at completing 
the process of centralising e-money services at the Postepay electronic money institution (EMI), via the transfer 
of the “Debit Card Business” to the latter, as well as making the debit cards linked to BancoPosta accounts a 
Postepay product. BancoPosta account holders have access to the full functionality of the Postepay payment / 
cash collection ecosystem, thanks to the integration of the functions of the BancoPosta debit card. 
The main distinctive features of the Parent Company are currently: (i) an extensive territorial coverage offered 
by over 12,750 post offices; (ii) over 35 million customers of BancoPosta; and (iii) client assets totalling Euro 
586 billion as at 31 December 2022 (Euro 571 billion as at 30 June 2022).3 
Given that Poste Italiane is a single legal entity, the Parent Company’s general accounting system maintains 
uniform characteristics and functionalities. The general principles governing the administrative and accounting 
aspects of BancoPosta RFC are as follows:  
 
identification of transactions in Poste Italiane’s general ledgers relating to BancoPosta’s ring-
fenced operations which are then extracted for recording in BancoPosta’s separate ledger; 
 
allocation to BancoPosta RFC of all relevant revenues and costs. In particular, the services rendered 
by the different functions of Poste Italiane to BancoPosta RFC are exclusively recorded as payables 
in BancoPosta’s separate books, in special accounts, and subsequently settled; 
                                              
3 These amounts include postal savings deposits, the mutual investment funds marketed, Poste Vita’s net technical 
reserves, asset under custody and current account deposits (the latter not including Long-Term RePos).

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
 
settlement of all incoming and outgoing third-party payments by the Poste Italiane’s Chief 
Financial Officer;  
 
allocation of income taxes based on BancoPosta RFC’s separate income statement after adjusting 
for deferred taxation; and  
 
reconciliation of BancoPosta’s separate accounts to Poste Italiane’s general ledger. 
The following table includes a summary of the services provided to BancoPosta RFC by the Issuer’s functions, 
with a brief indication of how the transfer prices are determined as at 31 December 2021.  
Function 
Allocation key 
Commercial Networks 
Percentage of net revenues by product/service category 
Information Services 
Fixed component: recharge of costs based on direct and indirect drivers + fees 
by professional role based on market benchmarks 
Variable component: based on maintaining operating performance 
Back-office and Customer Care 
Fees by professional role based on market benchmarks + recharge of external 
costs 
Market prices for similar services 
Postal and logistics Services  
Prices for mail sent to customers and internal mail 
Real Estate 
Market prices with reference to floor space and maintenance costs 
Legal Affairs 
Fees by professional role based on market benchmarks 
Administration, Finance and Control 
Fees by professional role based on market benchmarks 
Group Risk Governance and Security and Safety, 
including Business Continuity Management 
Fees by professional role based on market benchmarks + recharge of external 
costs 
Human Resources and Organisation 
Fees by professional role based on market benchmarks 
Internal and External Communication 
Fees by professional role based on market benchmarks 
Purchases 
Fees by professional role based on market benchmarks 
Internal Auditing 
Fees by professional role based on market benchmarks 
Anti-money Laundering 
Fees by professional role based on market benchmarks 
Compliance 
Fees by professional role based on market benchmarks 
 
 
 
Essential/Important Functions 
 
Control Functions 
The interest paid on the intersegment accounts between BancoPosta RFC and the Poste Italiane functions 
outside the ring-fence, used for settlements between the two entities, is the same rate paid by the MEF on the 
relevant Buffer account at the euro short-term rate (€STR) rate. 
The cost of the services rendered by Poste Italiane’s functions outside the ring-fence and the revenue earned 
from the latter by BancoPosta, contribute to BancoPosta’s results. The relevant transactions, profit and loss

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
and balance sheet amounts generated by these relationships are only recorded in BancoPosta RFC’s separate 
report. In Poste Italiane’s comprehensive accounts, intersegment transactions are, on the other hand, removed 
and not presented. The accounting treatment adopted is like that provided for by the accounting standards 
regulating the preparation of the Group’s consolidated financial statements. 
The current account represents BancoPosta’s core basic service for retail customers; over the years such service 
has been enriched by enhancements and benefits that make it comparable to the services offered by a bank. 
In particular: 
 
the liquidity deriving from the current accounts of BancoPosta’s private customers is mandatorily 
invested in Eurozone sovereign debt securities or up to a maximum of 50% of the total amount into 
securities guaranteed by the Italian State, in accordance with the provisions of the Italian Budget Law 
for the year 2007 – Law No. 296/2006.  With the conversion into Law No. 106 of 23 July 2021 of Law 
Decree No. 73 of 25 May 2021, BancoPosta RFC is authorised, as part of the 50% of private customer 
deposits that can be invested in Italian government-guaranteed securities, to use up to 30% of that 
portion to purchase transferable tax credits. In 2021, average current account deposits from private 
customers amounted to Euro 62.5 billion (Euro 64.4 billion in the first half of 2022). A percentage of 
the funds from private deposits can be placed in a special “Buffer” account with the MEF with the aim 
of providing investment flexibility against daily movements in the amounts due to current account 
holders. These deposits are remunerated at a variable rate calculated at the €STR rate; and 
 
the liquidity deriving from the current accounts of the Public Administration, according to Law No. 
266 of 23 December 2005, is deposited with the MEF and remunerated at a variable rate of interest 
that can be revised every month based on a basket of market indices. In 2021, the average current 
account deposit of the Public Administration amounted to Euro 9.4 billion (Euro 14.4 billion in the 
first half of 2022). 
The average balance of the investment portfolio in 2021 was Euro 79.1 billion (Euro 86.1 billion in the first 
half of 2022) resulting from the sum of private and Public Administration deposits and the amount of liquidity 
deriving from repurchase agreements entered into with primary counterparties for Euro 7.1 billion (Euro 7.2 
billion in the first half of 2022). The composition of the average balance of the investment portfolio in 2021 
consisted of Italian government bonds for Euro 64.5 billion (Euro 64.0 in the first half of 2022), deposits with 
MEF and other deposits of Euro 13.0 billion (Euro 15.4 billion in the first half of 2022) and tax credits of Euro 
1.5 billion (Euro 6.7 billion in the first half of 2022). 
On 24 December 2021, Poste Italiane and Cassa Depositi e Prestiti signed a new agreement to regulate the 
placement and management of postal savings products for the 2021-2024 four-year period. The placement and 
management of postal saving bonds (buoni fruttiferi postali) and postal savings books (libretti di risparmio) 
continues to be remunerated with annual fees (ranging from Euro 1.6 to 1.85 billion in total) differentiated by 
product category, the amount of which remains in line with previous years. The remuneration framework for 
the placement of postal saving bonds provides for a mixed remuneration, partly linked to up-front fees and 
partly to annual fees, which guarantees the sustainability of the service and ensures that the clients’ savings 
needs are met.  
In 2021, the average of postal savings products was Euro 318.1 billion (Euro 317.9 billion in the first half of 
2022), of which Euro 101.5 billion (Euro 96.2 in the first half of 2022) related to postal savings books (libretti 
di risparmio) and Euro 216.6 billion (Euro 221.7 billion in the first half 2022) to postal savings bonds (buoni 
fruttiferi postali). The total remuneration of Poste Italiane for 2021 was Euro 1,753 million. 
In the area of current accounts, the new “BancoPosta Business Link” current account was launched in 2021, 
aimed at the “Small Business” segment, offering a modular range, accessible from the revamped online 
Internet Banking platform and a new app.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
In terms of loans provided to private customers by external partners, during the year 2021 the product “Prestito 
Personale BancoPosta” was developed and released in collaboration with Santander Consumer Bank S.p.A. In 
addition, salary-backed loans were offered following the acquisition of a participation in Financit S.p.A. 
 
With regard to asset management, the distribution of mutual investment funds continued in 2021 as a result of 
the partnership with Anima SGR S.p.A and Eurizon Capital SGR S.p.A. (a wholly owned subsidiary of Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A.), acting as delegated fund managers. In addition, a partnership with Moneyfarm is in place in 
order to offer an asset management placement service for Poste Italiane customers, accessible exclusively 
through a special area on the website www.poste.it. 
With regard to assets under custody, Poste Italiane has been involved in 2021 in the placement of the third and 
fourth issuances of the “Futura Multi-year Treasury” Bond (BTP), a security linked to Italy’s GDP 
performance and launched as part of the Italian Government’s measures to tackle the health emergency, in 
particular to support economic recovery and the vaccination campaign. 
 
In 2021, the tax credit purchase service dedicated to BancoPosta current account holders, launched in 2020 in 
accordance with the provisions of the so called Decreto Rilancio (Decree Law No. 34/2020 converted as 
amended by Law No. 77/2020), was further enhanced. As of 31 December 2021, the portfolio of tax credits 
acquired by Poste Italiane amounted to approximately Euro 7.5 billion in nominal terms and about Euro 6.5 
billion in terms of paid value. As of 30 June 2022, the portfolio of tax credits acquired by Poste Italiane 
amounted to approximately Euro 10.3 billion in nominal terms and about Euro 8.9 billion in terms of paid 
value. As of 30 June 2022, 72% were made up of credits relating to “ordinary” building bonuses (e.g. 
restructuring recovery of the building stock, ordinary ecobonus, façade bonus), while the “110% superbonus” 
represents approximately 25% of the total. 
As of 30 September 2022, with reference to the purchase of tax credits relating to building bonuses, certain 
local Public Prosecutors’ Offices decided as a precautionary measure to seize certain tax credits that were 
purchased by Poste Italiane. As a result of these measures, adopted in proceedings in which Poste Italiane is a 
good faith third party and/or an affected party, Poste Italiane submitted a review request, which led, where 
accepted, to the release of part of the sums previously subject to precautionary measures. Taking into account 
the effects of Law Decree No. 157 /2021 (so called “Anti-fraud Decree”), which allows for the possibility to 
set-off for the entire duration of the seizure, the amortised cost of the credits that are subject to a seizure order 
as of 30 September 2022 was adjusted by estimating the average duration of the seizure, based on a series of 
variables. Lastly, for the purposes of preparing the the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial 
statements of the Issuer as at 30 September 2022, also taking into account the provisions of IAS 37, no elements 
arose that required further assessment, without prejudice to the fact that Poste Italiane will continue its 
assessment of the potential risks associated with the continuous regulatory evolution and interpretation 
developments as well as, in particular, the judicial precedents affecting the transactions in question. For further 
information, including the amount of such tax credits, see page 31 of the interim financial statement as of 30 
September 2022, incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. 
Poste Italiane’s other subsidiaries in the Financial Services strategic business unit 
BancoPosta Fondi is a group asset management company (società di gestione del risparmio) which establishes 
and manages BancoPosta funds (managed directly and delegated to third-party asset managers) and markets 
third-party funds and corporate investment portfolios activities. As of 31 December 2021, the collective 
investment funds distributed through the national network of post offices have assets amounting to Euro 10.6 
billion (9.6 billion as of 30 June 2022). 
The Group has a long-term partnership with Anima Holding (in which Poste Italiane holds a 11.02% interest), 
pursuant to which Anima Holding has been delegated to manage the retail/institutional funds established by 
BancoPosta Fondi and the assets underlying Poste Vita’s Class I and III insurance products.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
Additionally, since 2019, BancoPosta has outsourced its investment management activities to BancoPosta 
Fondi. As a result, BancoPosta Fondi has become a competence centre for the management of the Group’s 
financial investments. 
In 2022, in order to develop the product range in ESG terms, the investment policy of the three funds, 
“BancoPosta Orizzonte Reddito”, “BancoPosta Azionario Flessibile” and “BancoPosta Azionario 
Internazionale” has been integrated to take into account environmental, social and governance sustainability 
factors. 
4. 
Insurance Services  
The Insurance Services strategic business unit consists of the insurance group (the Poste Vita Group) 
registered in the Register of Insurance Groups with number 43. The Poste Vita Group is composed of the 
parent company Poste Vita (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Poste Italiane) and its wholly-owned subsidiaries 
Poste Assicura and Poste Welfare Servizi (not included in this business unit), sold in 2021 to Poste Italiane. In 
addition, Poste Assicura owns 100% of Poste Insurance Broker S.r.l., an insurance brokerage company.  
Poste Vita is enrolled in the Register of Insurance Companies with number 1.00133 and is subject to the 
direction and coordination (direzione e coordinamento) activity of Poste Italiane.  
The Poste Vita Group operates in the life and non-life insurance sectors. In particular, Poste Vita is authorised 
by IVASS to carry out insurance business relating to life classes I, III, IV, V and VI (rami vita I, III, IV, V e 
VI) and the reinsurance business relating to class I (ramo I) pursuant to IVASS Resolutions No. 1144 of 12 
March 1999, No. 1735 of 20 November 2000 and No. 2987 of 27 June 2012. According to IVASS Resolution 
No. 2462 of 14 September 2006, Poste Vita is authorised to carry out activities in the damage, health and 
accident lines of business.  
Poste Assicura, which began operating in April 2010, is authorised by IVASS to run the following business 
lines: (i) accident; (ii) health; (iii) property; (iv) liability; (v) legal protection; (vi) assistance; and (vii) credit. 
Poste Welfare Servizi operates in the IT sector, offering various services, including claims management on 
behalf of, among others, private health funds offering private health coverage. Poste Welfare Servizi also 
designs, develops and maintains management software and provides IT professional services. 
Poste Vita, which distributes its products through Poste Italiane’s extensive network, has reached a leading 
market position, being the first insurance company in terms of life insurance premiums issued in Italy in 2021 
(gross premium revenues of Euro 17.6 billion in 2021) with a market share of approximately 14.3% (source: 
ANIA, Italian Insurance Companies Association). 
 
A number of new products were launched in 2021 and the first half of 2022 as part of the strategic lines outlined 
in the 24 SI Plan, which include improving the product mix in life insurance with a particular focus on multi-
class products. 
 
In the P&C business, in order to reduce the country’s under-insurance by raising customer awareness of the 
importance of protection needs, as envisaged in the 24 SI Plan, the marketing of the new integrated Life/P&C 
offer was launched in 2021, whereby subscribers to specific Life policies are offered a P&C policy free of 
charge. 
Poste Vita and Poste Assicura operate in the “employee benefits” business, providing large companies and 
public entities with tailored insurance solutions targeted at their employees.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
In addition, in 2021 the new motor liability offer “Poste Guidare Sicuri”, was launched on the market, through 
Poste Insurance Broker, after a gradual approach to sales by the distribution network (over 4,100 authorised 
post offices). 
In 2021 the Insurance Services strategic business unit had revenues of Euro 1.870 million (Euro 1.073 million 
in the first half of 2022), mainly generated by the life business, which contributed Euro 1.740 million (Euro 
997 million in the first half of 2022), whereas the contribution of the non-Life business was Euro 130 million 
(Euro 76 million in the first half 2022). 
As of 31 December 2021, life business technical provisions amount to Euro 158.8 billion (Euro 142.9 billion 
as of 30 June 2022) and technical provisions for the P&C business, net of the portion ceded to reinsurers,  
amount to Euro 273 million (Euro 326 million as of 30 June 2022). 
The solvency ratio of Poste Vita Group as at 30 June 2022 stands at 222%, down compared to 261% as at 31 
December 2021, and remains well above the regulatory requirements. The inclusion of the transitional 
measures on technical provisions approved by the supervisory authority in 2019 has resulted in an increase in 
eligible own funds bringing the solvency ratio to 243% at 30 June 2022 (285% at 31 December 2021). 
Regulatory Framework  
Mail, Parcels and Distribution – recent history and current framework  
Since the beginning of the 1990s, the postal service has been subject to major regulatory changes at the 
European level, leading to a gradual transformation from a pure national monopoly to a new legal framework 
entailing market competition, while ensuring the provision of basic services on the whole territory and with 
certain quality levels (the Universal Postal Service). Directive No. 97/67/EC of the European Parliament and 
of the Council (the First Postal Directive), implemented in Italy by Legislative Decree No. 261 of 22 July 
1999, was the first step towards the liberalisation of the European Union postal market, defining the 
characteristics of the Universal Postal Service and the mail services still reserved to the Universal Postal 
Service provider. In June 2002 the First Postal Directive was amended by Directive No. 2002/39/EC of the 
European Parliament and of the Council (the Second Postal Directive), implemented in Italy by Legislative 
Decree No. 384 of 23 December 2003, that further reduced the scope of the business area reserved to the 
Universal Postal Service provider, in order to lower entry barriers into national markets. Finally, in February 
2008, the Council and the European Parliament adopted Directive No. 2008/6/EC (the Third Postal 
Directive), which fully liberalised the postal market. These three directives can be collectively referred to as 
the Postal Directives.  
The Third Postal Directive was implemented in Italy by the National postal law, as amended on 31 March 
2011, which renewed Poste Italiane’s entrustment with the provision of the Universal Postal Service for 15 
years, until 30 April 2026, subject to periodic assessments by the MED. As from 1 June 2012, the National 
postal law was amended to exclude direct mailing from the scope of the Universal Postal Service, while 
keeping up to 2017, for reasons of public security, the right to provide postal services relating to the notification 
of judicial acts exclusively to the Universal Postal Service provider. The National postal law also amended the 
criteria used to assess the net cost of the Universal Postal Service, which has to be calculated as the difference 
between the net result of the designated service provider subject to Universal Postal Service obligations and 
the net result of a hypothetical player operating without such obligations. It also established that the net cost 
of the Universal Postal Service provision has to be funded through the State compensations specified in the 
multi-annual Poste-MED Programme Agreement signed between the MED and the Issuer (currently covering 
the period 2020-2024), as well as through a compensation fund to which other postal operators have to 
contribute.  
The Poste-MED Programme Agreement currently in force was signed on 30 December 2019; it provides a 
comprehensive framework regulation for the provision of the Universal Postal Service for the years 2020-
2024. The Poste-MED Programme Agreement has been notified on 16 October 2020 by Italian authorities to

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
the EC Commission under the EU State Aid rules and on 1 December 2020 the EU Commission gave a 
favourable opinion. According to the Poste-MED Programme Agreement, for the five-year period 2020-2024 
Poste Italiane will receive a maximum compensation of Euro 262.4 million per year.  
Additional changes to national postal law (Law No. 261/99) have been introduced by the 2015 Stability Law 
(Law No. 190/2014) and the 2018 Budget Law (Law No. 205/2017, the 2018 Budget Law), as detailed below.  
The MED provided regulatory oversight of postal services in Italy until the end of 2011, when the national 
regulator for telecommunications, media and postal services, AGCom, took this role pursuant to Law No. 241 
of 22 December 2011. The MED, in order to safeguard certain fundamental rights of users, still retains the 
power to authorise the provision of postal services under Regulation No. 129/15/CONS approved by AGCom. 
This Regulation also introduced reforms to the process for awarding authorisations aimed at achieving greater 
protection for customers by improving the quality of services offered, by providing commercial information 
to customers and greater protection for postal sector workers. Regulation No. 129/15/CONS requires a licence 
to be obtained for the provision of services included in the scope of Universal Postal Service and an 
authorisation, issued through a silent consent mechanism lasting 45 days, for the supply of non-universal 
services. The MED may, at AGCom’s request, revoke authorisations already assigned in the event of serious 
breaches of obligations related to the provision of postal services. Based on the latest information publicly 
available on the MED’s website,4 on 31 March 2022 there were about 3,500 postal operators in Italy, holding 
approximately 4,800 licences and general authorisations, that are, with few exceptions, small organisations 
with modest market shares.  
AGCom also oversees compliance with the Universal Postal Service mail delivery performance and postal 
counters availability with minimum quality levels and may impose penalties on the Issuer in case of non-
compliance. In case of serious breaches, penalties may include the revocation of the assignment of Universal 
Postal Service provision. AGCom also utilises third parties for the verification of mail quality on a statistical 
basis, in accordance with European Union technical rules. AGCom set general technical rules for the provision 
of Universal Postal Services with Resolution No. 385/13/CONS, including obligations to inform consumers 
and competitors, in terms of access, quality and prices, of relevant services and to apply non-discriminatory 
conditions to any of them. With regard to the availability of access to network, the two Decrees of the MED 
of 28 June 2007 and 7 October 2008, together with AGCom Resolutions No. 293/13/CONS and 342/14/CONS, 
establish standards in relation to the distribution on the Italian territory of post offices and letter boxes and in 
relation to the minimum opening times of post offices. With Resolution No. 308/22/CONS, “new criteria for 
distribution of mailing boxes within the universal service”, AGCom has introduced new criteria for distribution 
of mailing boxes, in order to make this network more efficient, adapting it to the actual needs of the users, 
manifested by the progressive and growing decrease in volumes inside the boxes. With Resolution No. 
331/20/CONS of 22 July 2020, AGCom has defined further quality standards of the Universal Postal Service 
with respect to the continuity and reliability of the services provided in the post offices.  
Under the Postal Directives, the Universal Postal Service consists of services provided on a permanent basis 
throughout Italy, even if addressed to or originating abroad, with defined quality levels and prices that are 
affordable to consumers. The Universal Postal Service includes: (i) the collection, transport, sorting and 
delivery of mail weighing up to 2 kg; (ii) the collection, transport, sorting and delivery of parcels weighing up 
to 20 kg; and (iii) services related to registered and insured letters and parcels. The services included within 
the Universal Postal Service in Italy as at the date of this Base Prospectus are: ordinary mail, priority mail, 
bulk mail, registered mail, insured mail, legal notifications, mailings of publications, ordinary parcels, printed 
items products and ancillary postal services in connection with the foregoing services, such as the notice of 
receipt of registered mail and payment on delivery. The postal services that are not included under the 
aforementioned list or under the AGCom Resolution No. 385/13/CONS do not fall within the Universal Postal 
Service and therefore their prices are subject to VAT. The prices of the Universal Postal Service are regulated 
by AGCom through a wide range of price control mechanisms, which include the pricing principles set by 
                                              
4 
MED 
Official 
Website 
https://www.mise.gov.it/images/stories/documenti/Elenco_operatori_postali_-
_LIC_AUG_AEI.pdf

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
directives and national postal law. The majority of these price mechanisms are set by Resolutions No. 
728/13/CONS and 396/15/CONS. In general terms, prices are set in accordance with a series of criteria 
including affordability for consumers (achieved through correlation with costs of provision), transparency and 
non-discrimination, not precluding the supplier’s right to enter into individual agreements with clients. In 
particular, under AGCom Resolution No. 728/13/CONS, as amended by Resolution No. 396/15/CONS, the 
Issuer is entitled to set, in accordance with criteria of fairness and reasonableness and not on the basis of pre-
established maximum limits, the prices of services for businesses’ mail, priority, insured mail and ordinary 
parcel products. Individual mailings of ordinary, registered mail and judicial acts notifications are subject to 
maximum rate caps. Any change in Universal Postal Service prices is subject to prior notification by the Issuer 
to AGCom at least 90 days in advance. Within 60 days from the notification, AGCom may request amendments 
or even reject the proposed price changes in case of non-compliance with the above-mentioned criteria. If 
AGCom does not to request any amendments, the Issuer is authorised to apply the changes to the relevant 
prices, provided that such new prices are communicated to customers 30 days in advance. Universal postal 
prices are exempted from VAT (VAT Directive).  
The provision of the Universal Postal Service may lead to an unavoidable loss, also referred to as the Cost of 
Universal Postal Service (CUS). The CUS is calculated on an annual basis by the supplier of the Universal 
Postal Service and verified by AGCom, which also determines the means of its funding. The compensation to 
cover the CUS is determined ex ante under the Poste-MED Programme Agreement for the supply of the 
Universal Postal Service signed between the Issuer and the Italian State. The amount of such compensation is 
verified in advance by the European Commission in accordance with the legal framework on State aid and, if 
the outcome is positive, the European Commission authorises the disbursement of the compensations. The 
compensation is provided by public funds and a special compensation fund financed by the Issuer’s 
competitors. The compensation fund is managed by the MED and funded by the Parent Company’s 
competitors, who provide services that are a substitute for the Universal Postal Services, with a portion of the 
gross turnover that refers to the supply of such services. The activation of the compensation fund is subject to 
prior authorisation by the European Commission, in the light of its effect on market competition.  
AGCom has verified the net cost of the Universal Postal Service as provided by the Parent Company for the 
years 2011 and 2012, pursuant to Resolution No. 412/14/CONS. In both 2011 and 2012, there was a marked 
difference between the value of the CUS calculated by the Parent Company and the value verified by AGCom, 
by virtue of several differences in the methodology applied that could affect also future assessments. For this 
reason, the Parent Company challenged such resolution before the relevant administrative court. The Issuer’s 
main competitor filed a similar complaint, although it claimed an excessive amount of CUS.  
In September 2017, AGCom published Resolution No. 298/17/CONS relating to its assessment of the net cost 
of the Universal Postal Service incurred by Poste Italiane for 2013 and 2014 and the applicability of the 
mechanism for allocating such cost. Specifically, AGCom has assessed the net cost for 2013 and 2014 to be 
respectively Euro 393 million and Euro 409 million. AGCom has also determined that the net cost for 
providing the Universal Postal Service for 2013 and 2014 was unfair and that the compensation fund to cover 
the cost for these years, pursuant to art. 10 of Legislative Decree 261/1999, has not been established. With 
regard to the method used to calculate the net cost, on 6 November 2017 Poste Italiane lodged an appeal against 
this resolution with the Lazio Regional Administrative Court and the dispute is still pending. 
With Resolution No. 214/19 of June 7, 2019, AGCom has completed the assessment of the net cost for the 
years 2015 and 2016; it has established that the net cost incurred by Poste Italiane is of Euro 389 million for 
2015 and Euro 356 million for 2016. The authority has determined that the net costs incurred by the Parent 
Company are unfair; however, the compensation fund has not been established. In October 2019 the Parent 
Company lodged an appeal against this resolution and the dispute is still pending.  
On 7 June 2019, with Resolution No. 215/19, AGCom also opened the net cost assessment proceeding for the 
years 2017 and 2018, which was further extended – on 8 July 2020 – to the year 2019. On 1 July 2021, AGCom 
published Resolution No. 199/21/CONS, which concluded the proceedings to verify the net cost of the

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
Universal Postal Service for the years 2017, 2018 and 2019. Specifically, the burden of the Universal Postal 
Service for these years was quantified at Euro 354.5, 334.5 and 175 million, respectively. For the year 2019, 
the verified burden (Euro 175 million) is less than the authorised offsets (Euro 262 million). The authority has 
determined that the net costs incurred by Poste Italiane are unfair; however, the compensation fund has not 
been established. In September 2021, Poste Italiane lodged an appeal against this resolution and the litigation 
is still pending.  
Mail, Parcels and Distribution – recent amendments to the Universal Postal Service and the Poste-MED 
Programme Agreement  
According to the Postal Directives, the supplier of the Universal Postal Service provides collection and 
distribution services at addresses at least five days per week, except when exceptional infrastructural or 
geographical situations occur. The 2015 Budget Law introduced a series of reforms for the provision of the 
Universal Postal Service to ensure a more efficient and economically sustainable provision of services, while 
taking into account the changing needs of Italian consumers, including the rapid growth in the use of electronic 
communications. These measures concern the possibility of the Universal Service Provider implementing 
alternate-day delivery for up to 25% of the population coverage, the introduction of an ordinary mail service 
alongside the priority one and the setting up of the ordinary mail service’s quality level at “J+4” (delivery four 
days after collection). 
On the basis of the 2015 Budget Law, AGCom’s Resolution No. 395/15/CONS authorised Poste Italiane to 
implement, by early 2015, a new mail delivery model, based on a delivery frequency on alternate days instead 
of the current daily delivery, intended for around 25% of the Italian population living in less densely populated 
areas. The regulator retained the power to stop the implementation of the new delivery model or condition the 
implementation on the introduction of corrective measures, in case of service disruption, failure to achieve 
planned cost savings or serious concerns raised by the European Commission. With Resolution No. 
395/15/CONS, AGCom authorised the gradual implementation, in three phases, of an alternate-day delivery 
model for mail within the scope of the universal service. 
Following the implementation of the first two phases of the model, involving approximately 2,600 
municipalities and 16 Italian regions, the third and final phase was launched on November 2017, involving a 
further 2,500 municipalities in 18 regions. The reform of the delivery model has been completed with the end 
of the third phase, in March 2019, involving approximately 5,000 municipalities. On 20 July 2020, the Parent 
Company submitted to AGCom and the EU Commission the Annual Report on the new delivery model.  
In addition, in accordance with the above-mentioned resolution, Poste Italiane has developed a new formula 
for the distribution of printed publications with AGCom. This will cover the delivery of publications to 
subscribers in part of the areas where the alternate-day delivery model is being implemented. 
Appeals against this resolution were lodged before the Lazio Regional Administrative Court, but were later 
withdrawn, resulting in the cancellation of the related proceedings. 
Law 124/2017 came into force on 29 August 2017. Law 124/2017 provides for the repeal, starting from 10 
September 2017, of article 4 of the Legislative Decree 261/1999 and amendment of the related articles, 
removing the exclusive right to offer services relating to the legal process and the notification of violations of 
the Highway Code (Codice della Strada) (article 1, paragraph 57). Law 124/2017 also sets out that the issue 
of an individual licence to provide such services must be subject to specific requirements and obligations of 
security, quality, continuity, availability and provision of the services. In this regard, AGCom issued 
Resolution No. 77/18/CONS (20 February 2018) that sets out the regulations governing the issue of the 
above-mentioned licences. The MED adopted the implementing regulations by Decree dated 19 July 2018, 
published in the Official Gazette No. 208 of 7 September 2018.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
Law 205 of 27 December 2017 (the 2018 Budget Law) and Law 145 of 30 December 2018 (the 2019 Budget 
Law) introduced changes to the text of Law 890 of 20 November 1982, regarding the delivery of legal process 
and notifications of violations of the Highway Code by post. 
According to the new regulatory framework governing these services, AGCom with Resolution No. 
155/19/CONS, published on 14 May 2019, adapted the existing regulations (Resolutions No. 77/18/CONS, 
285/18/CONS and 600/18/CONS) to the provisions introduced by the 2019 Budget Law. In February 2020, 
the Ministry of Justice adopted certain implementing guidelines for the professional training of postal 
notification personnel, thus enabling the effective entry of alternative licensed operators into the market. With 
ANAC Resolution No. 185 and AGCom Resolution No. 116/22/CONS of 13 April 2022, the guidelines for 
the awarding of public contracts for postal services were approved and came into force on 19 May 2022. The 
measure also regulates the entrustment of postal notifications under Law 890/1982. By subsequent AGCom 
Resolution 295/22/CONS, published on 12 August 2022, the Authority initiated proceedings to amend 
Resolution 77/18/CONS. 
In addition, on 3 June 2019, AGCom initiated proceedings to assess the possibility of extending to retail 
customers the application of a tariff for notification services composed of the delivery component and a flat 
fee for related communications, already adopted for large customers. In addition, AGCom issued Resolution 
No. 396/15/CONS, setting new quality targets and new tariffs for postal services falling under the Universal 
Postal Service and reintroduced ordinary mail as a basic service for individuals. In relation to applicable prices, 
AGCom’s Resolution No. 396/15/CONS established that the price of ordinary mail is subject to a price cap 
regime, with the possibility of price increases in a way that is inversely proportional to declining volumes. For 
priority mail, on the other hand, the Issuer is required to charge only fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory 
prices. Regarding quality of service, Resolution No. 396/15/CONS stipulates that 90% of Universal Postal 
Service mail delivery, including ordinary mail, must be achieved by the fourth day after acceptance of the item 
in the postal network, compared with the previous three days. For priority mail, at least 80% of items must be 
delivered by the first available day after acceptance, measured as “useful” working days allowed for the 
implementation of the alternate-day delivery model.  
In the above-mentioned Resolution No. 396/15/CONS, AGCom announced a separate regulatory initiative to 
amend the current regulation on access to Poste Italiane’s network for competitors foreseen by Art. 6 of 
Resolution No. 728/13/Cons. The new regulatory framework on access finally emerged from: 
• 
Resolution No. 385/17/CONS, which introduced alongside the pre-existing general obligation to 
negotiate with competitors under fair and reasonable terms the provision of cost-oriented access for 
monopoly areas; and 
• 
Resolution No. 452/18/CONS, which introduced a “price test” for Poste Italiane’s business offers to 
prevent margins being squeezed. 
In the same context, AGCom also introduced a new regulation for the restitution to alternative operators of 
misdirected letters found in the universal collection network (Resolution No. 553/18/CONS).   
On 20 July 2020, AGCom initiated proceedings for the possible revision of the criteria for the definition of the 
so-called “EU2 areas”, pursuant to Resolution No. 385/17. These are the areas in which there is no alternative 
network to that of Poste Italiane, so this regulation is relevant to the issues of access to the postal network and 
the replicability of wholesale commercial offers.  
AGCom has also recently initiated new consultations regarding both the parcel and letter markets. Resolution 
No. 350/19 of September 2019 on the parcel market is aimed at analysing the competitive dynamics in the 
market. An interim report was published in July 2020 (Resolution No. 212/20). With regard to the letter 
markets, with Resolution No. 330/20 of July 2020, AGCom launched a consultation on the competitive 
dynamics of the markets and on the possible revision of tariffs for certain Universal Postal Service products. 
The latter consultation is currently ongoing.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
Reforms relating to network density and frequency, service level agreements (SLAs) and the product portfolio 
have also been implemented in the Poste-MED Programme Agreement, which includes the rules for the 
provision of the services falling within the Universal Postal Service, related quality standards and 
compensation covered by public funding. The 2015 Budget Law (Law No. 190/2014) made changes to the 
procedures followed in previous years, including: (i) a five-year duration for the Poste-MED Programme 
Agreement, instead of the previous three-year duration; (ii) a cap of Euro 262.4 million as the maximum annual 
amount of State compensation for the CUS, subject to verifications by AGCom; and (iii) the possibility of 
introducing measures with reference to the procedures and frequency of delivery of the Universal Postal 
Service. Law Decree 244/2016 (the so-called “Mille Proroghe” decree), converted with amendments into Law 
19 of 27 February 2017, extended the disbursement of the subsidies for postal services introduced by the 
Interministerial Decree of 21 October 2010, for publishing houses and non-profit organisations registered in 
the Register of Communications Providers (ROC), and also reinstated, commencing from 1 January 2017, the 
government subsidies introduced by Law 46 of 27 February 2004. The decree also confirmed the subsidised 
tariffs for promotional mailings by non-profit organisations. 
Publisher tariff subsidies relate to the amount to be received by Poste Italiane from the Presidenza del 
Consiglio dei Ministri – Dipartimento dell’Editoria (Cabinet Office – Publishing department) as compensation 
for the discounts applied to publishers and non-profit organisations when sending mail. The compensation is 
determined on the basis of the tariffs set out in the decree dated 21 October 2010 issued by the MED, together 
with the MEF, and Law Decree 63 of 18 May 2012, as converted into Law 103 of 16 July 2012. The 
subsidies for the years 2017-2019 were approved by the European Commission in July 2019 (Decision 
C(2019) 5255 final). In August 2019, the Italian Authorities started the procedure to notify the European 
Commission of the amount of State contributions to support the subsidies for editorial tariffs envisaged by the 
budget laws, for the years 2020-2026, in order to verify the compatibility with European legislation on State 
aid. 
The duration of the compensation system is, currently, about six years (until April 2026) and the maximum 
total amount of compensation amounts to Euro 57.5 million for 2017, Euro 59.3 million for 2018, Euro 54.9 
million for 2019, Euro 53.1 million for 2020, Euro 53.2 million for 2021, Euro 52.5 million for 2022, Euro 
52.5 million for 2023 and Euro 52.5 million for 2024. The compensation accrued by Poste Italiane during 
2017, for the discounts applied to publishers, amounts to Euro 42 million. Thanks to an increase in the tariffs 
set by AGCom, the total compensation amounts to Euro 62 million in 2018, Euro 59 million in 2019, Euro 53 
million in 2020 and Euro 53 million in 2021. 
 
Under the 2018 Budget Law, a new prescription regarding the Universal Postal Service has been introduced, 
allowing MED and Poste Italiane to introduce in the next Poste-MED Programme Agreement: (i) the provision 
of a specific delivery service for parcels up to 5 kg; (ii) the possibility for local authorities to widen the scope 
of postal services provided by Poste Italiane locally. 
As of 22 May 2018, in addition to the Postal Directives, the Parent Company is also subject to the provisions 
of Regulation (EU) 2018/644 of the European Parliament and the Council on cross-border parcel delivery 
services. According to the new regulation, all parcel delivery providers have to provide to their national 
authorities information every year about the characteristics of their services and, where possible, a detailed 
description of their services, including general terms and conditions, claims and potential limitation of liability, 
turnover, number of employees, number of parcels handled, names of their subcontractors and any publicly 
accessible price list for parcel delivery services. Providers with fewer than 50 employees are exempted from 
such requirements, but national authorities can lower the threshold to 25 or include in this number the 
employees of a provider’s subcontractors. 
In addition, by 31 January of each calendar year, all cross-border parcel delivery service providers falling 
within the threshold have to provide their national regulatory authority with the public list of tariffs applicable 
on 1 January for the delivery of single-piece postal items (other than items of correspondence), listed in a 
relevant annex. Furthermore, based on the above-mentioned public list, the national authorities are required to

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
identify tariffs that are subject to universal service obligations and which they consider to be unreasonably 
high. They are then required to objectively assess these tariffs, taking into account elements such as domestic 
and other relevant tariffs, bilateral volumes, costs and quality standards and, where possible, the likely impact 
on the individual and SME users, disabled persons and people living in remote areas. Abuses of dominant 
market position and specific price regulation under national legislation can also be considered. The exact 
methodology for such assessments will be determined by the European Commission. Furthermore, the new 
regulation requires that all traders concluding sales contracts falling within the scope of Directive 2011/83/EU 
(including cross-border delivery services) shall give more information to consumers about their delivery 
options, charges and complaints handling policies at the pre-contractual stage.  
Since the beginning of 2019, the European Commission has provided a form for collecting the required 
information and has published the tariffs applied. Since the end of 2019, the European Commission has 
provided guidance to national regulators on the assessment of tariffs. In the meantime, EU Member States 
have started to define the rules on penalties applicable in the event of a breach of the regulation and the 
measures for their implementation. 
Regarding the international legal framework, Poste Italiane is subject to the provisions of the Universal Postal 
Union Convention, which aims to harmonise the provision of postal services. The Universal Postal Union 
Convention is the official agreement of the Universal Postal Union (UPU) that establishes the provisions 
relating to the provision of parcel and mail delivery services on a transnational level. The Universal Postal 
Union Convention also defines the terminal dues (i.e., the remuneration payable to the designated operators of 
the destination countries for the distribution and delivery of incoming cross-border postal items on their 
territory). More precisely, the designated postal operator of the destination country is compensated, based on 
its quality of service performance, by the competent postal operator of the sending country for the delivery of 
their cross-border postal items. At the EU Congress held extraordinarily in Geneva in 2019, the approved 
agreements, which entered into force on 1 January 2020, introduced a self-declared system aimed at ensuring 
sustainable cross-border postal exchanges, based on the exchange of electronic formats.  
In 2021, the Parent Company also signed the LIRA-E (Letter-Post Interconnect Remuneration Agreement – 
Europe) and PIRA (Parcels Interconnect Remuneration Agreement) with other major European postal 
operators within the International Post Corporation. These agreements provide for a delivery tariff system 
based on the cost and quality of services offered by the designed postal operator in the country of destination. 
Payments and Mobile 
 
The regulatory framework for payment products and services is mainly represented by: 
• 
Banking Act (Decreto Legislativo N. 385/1993); 
• 
Banca d’Italia Supervisory Instructions on banking transparency (Provvedimento della Banca 
d’Italia del 29 luglio 2009, Trasparenza delle operazioni e dei servizi bancari e finanziari. 
Correttezza delle relazioni tra intermediari e clienti); 
• 
Single Euro Payments Area (SEPA) regulation: Regulation (EU) No. 260/2012 establishing 
technical and business requirements for credit transfers and direct debits in Euro (SEPA Credit 
Transfer/SCT and SEPA Direct Debit/SDD) transposed into Italy with provision of the Bank of Italy 
of 12 February 2013 (Provvedimento Banca d’Italia del 12/02/2013); and 
• 
European Directive 2015/2366 relating to payment services in the internal market (Payment Service 
Directive 2, so-called PSD2). 
In particular, PSD2, that amended the former PSD Directive (2007/64/CE), has been implemented in Italy by 
Legislative Decree No. 218/2017. The creation of a “single payments area” in Europe has resulted in the 
restructuring and innovation of the payments market, enhanced by the implementation of PSD2, which has 
also increased the level of competition. The principal changes introduced by PSD2 involve:

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
• 
the opening up of the market to greater competition, resulting in the launch of new forms of payment 
and new market entrants (Payment Services Providers, PSPs), resulting in an improved offering; and 
• 
the enhancement of protections for digital payments in terms of security, data protection and 
authentication. 
As a provider of electronic communications services, PostePay offers specific premium rate voice and digital 
content services (including tickets and charity donations), charging customers via their prepaid credit or via 
their postpaid monthly bill.  
 
Commencing from 2019, this activity is subject to an annual notification to the Bank of Italy, which includes 
the following information: (i) categories of services that can be purchased; (ii) total amount of payment 
transactions; (iii) description of the service provision; (iv) actual application of the limits; and (v) control 
measures under PSD2. The notification is then certified by an external advisor. Commencing from 2022, the 
annual notification obligation is no longer required. 
 
During the Covid-19 pandemic, together with its host mobile network operators, PostePay implemented a 
number of measures to increase its mobile network capacity to cope with the surge in traffic demand, to 
guarantee service continuity to its customers and to fulfil AGCom recommendations on the matter. PostePay 
provides AGCom with periodic detailed reports on traffic trends.  
 
On 18 December 2020, the European Commission adopted the Delegated Regulation supplementing Directive 
(EU) 2018/1972 by establishing a single EU-wide maximum mobile voice termination rate and a single EU-
wide maximum fixed voice termination rate. Commencing from 1 July 2021, all EU operators implemented 
the new termination rates in their information systems. The maximum rates applicable in Italy from 1 July 
2021 are Euro 0.67 cents per minute (plus VAT) for mobile termination and Euro 0.07 cents per minute (plus 
VAT) for land-line termination. From 1 January 2022, the mobile rate was reduced to Euro 0.55 cents per 
minute (plus VAT). PostePay has implemented the new rates according to EU requirements. 
 
With the entry into force of the new EU Electronic Communications Services Code (EECC) on 15 May 2019, 
international calls and SMS within the EU/EEA were subject to a retail price cap. The new European Electronic 
Communications Code (EECC) provides a common EU regulatory framework for the electronic 
communications sector and it was adopted by the EU in December 2018. Member States had to transpose the 
new EECC into national law by 17 December 2020. Legislative Decree No. 207 of 8 November 2021 
implemented the new EECC in Italy, delaying the formal deadline of two years from publication, due to the 
COVID-19 pandemic. AGCom has set up a working group with key stakeholders and operators to ensure the 
correct and uniform implementation of the requirements of the new Legislative Decree. 
With the aim of launching its new fiber-based internet access services, PostePay signed specific wholesale 
agreements with fiber network infrastructure providers and notified the Ministry of Economic Development 
in July 2020 of a request containing all the necessary technical and operational details to update its current 
authorisation as an internet service provider. The application was successfully accepted by the Ministry of 
Economic Development and is expected to allow PostePay to provide internet access services based on FTTH 
(Fiber to the Home) or FTTC (Fiber to the Cabinet) technologies.  
AGCom is also in charge of ensuring the enforcement of Regulation (EU) 2022/612 (Roaming Regulation), 
adopted on 6 April 2022, which extends the duration of the previous Roaming Regulation by an additional ten 
years. The Roaming Regulation confirms the so-called “Roam-Like-At-Home” principle, whereby the national 
tariff is applied for voice/SMS/data traffic generated in any of the EU Member States. It also reduces wholesale 
roaming charges for data, voice and SMS services and introduces new requirements to improve transparency, 
service quality and customer protection. Postepay, as well as other mobile operators, must comply with this 
regulation. 
In general, AGCom has been granted the power to repress misleading advertising spread by any means: TV, 
newspapers, leaflets, posters, telemarketing, etc. In 2007, following the transposition of EC Directive No. 
29/2005 into the Italian law system (through the Consumer Code), AGCM's powers in the area of consumer

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
protection were extended to include unfair commercial practices carried out by companies to the detriment of 
consumers. Postepay is subject to such legislation. 
Financial Services  
Presidential Decree 144 identifies and regulates the banking and financial services which can be offered by 
the Issuer through the BancoPosta business division. For further details, see “Business of the Group – 3. 
Financial Services” above. 
Presidential Decree 144 provides that – to the extent applicable – certain provisions of: (i) the Banking Act 
and the Consolidated Financial Act; (ii) the relevant implementing regulations; and (iii) Law No. 287 of 10 
October 1990 on competition protection (the Italian Antitrust Law), apply. 
According to Law Decree No. 179 of 18 October 2012, as converted into Law No. 221 of 17 December 2012, 
amending Presidential Decree 144, BancoPosta activities now include: (i) the possibility to set up branches in 
European and non-European Union countries or to carry out mutually recognised services in another Member 
State on a cross-border basis with no establishment of branches or to operate in a non-European Union state 
with no establishment of branches; (ii) the possibility to promote and place financial services and products 
outside of offices; and (iii) the possibility to professionally trade in gold, on its own account or on behalf of 
third parties, according to the provisions of Law No. 7 of 17 January 2000. 
On the contrary, the prohibition from engaging in lending activities vis-à-vis the public is still in force, and the 
peculiar characteristics of postal saving have been maintained. Postal saving consists of the gathering of funds 
through postal savings accounts and products carried out by Poste Italiane on behalf of CDP and is governed 
by the provisions of: (i) Law Decree No. 487 of 1 December 1993, as converted (with amendments) into Law 
No. 71 of 29 January 1994; (ii) Legislative Decree No. 284 of 30 July 1999; (iii) the Decree of the MEF dated 
6 October 2004; and (iv) the relevant applicable provisions of the Banking Act. 
According to Presidential Decree 144, the first and second-level legislative provisions applicable to 
BancoPosta are substantially the same as those which apply to Italian banks and other financial intermediaries. 
As a result, BancoPosta is subject to, inter alia: (i) the transparency regime applicable to transactions and 
banking services as well as to the fairness rules in the relationship between intermediary and clients 
(Trasparenza delle operazioni e dei servizi bancari e la correttezza delle relazioni tra intermediari e clienti); 
(ii) the payment services framework; (iii) the anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism regime; and (iv) the 
out-of-court dispute resolution procedure (Arbitrato Bancario e Finanziario). 
The key components of this system, set forth in the Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Guidelines 
approved by the Board of Directors on 5 November 2019, are as follows: 
• 
know-your-customer checks (adequate assessment, monitoring of the potential risks and anti-
terrorism control); 
• 
record keeping (opening, changes to and closure of client relationships, as well as transactions 
exceeding set thresholds are recorded in the Archivio Unico Informatico) registration with the so-
called single computerised database (Archivio Unico Informatico) of clients’ details and transactions 
on the basis of certain pre-determined thresholds; 
• 
reporting of suspicious transactions (ongoing monitoring during the relationship, in order to detect 
any operations that are suspicious and promptly inform the Financial Intelligence Unit of the Bank 
of Italy (FIU)); 
• 
training (ongoing training of staff to ensure adequate knowledge of reference regulations and to 
spread a culture of control on the subject); and 
• 
information exchange.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
With reference to investment services (in particular, the investment advisory service combined with the receipt 
and transmission of orders and the placement of securities, funds and insurance-based investment products (I, 
III, V and multi-lines)), the regulatory framework and CONSOB supervision of Poste Italiane are the same as 
those applicable to other Italian intermediaries. Indeed, these activities are governed by Presidential Decree 
144, which refers to the relevant sections of the Consolidated Financial Act, and the second-level implementing 
regulations (inter alia, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) 
and the Bank of Italy Regulation published on 5 December 2019) apply to Poste Italiane's BancoPosta 
activities. Also in the context of the distribution of insurance contracts (life and damages), the activity is carried 
out pursuant to the same conditions applicable to other Italian intermediaries in terms of limits and legislative 
constraints. 
Indeed, article 109 of Legislative Decree No. 209 of 7 September 2005 (the Private Insurance Code) regulates 
the single computerised register (Registro Unico Informatico) where all the authorised intermediaries are 
enrolled; the business division BancoPosta is enrolled in section (D) of this register. 
IVASS Regulation No. 40 of 2 August 2018, which regulates in detail the conduct rules and the rules applicable 
to the provision of activities, applies to the BancoPosta division of Poste Italiane.  
The applicable provisions compare Poste Italiane, in the context of BancoPosta’s activities, to the other Italian 
intermediaries also in terms of controls, in particular, granting to Bank of Italy, CONSOB and IVASS certain 
powers of regulatory supervision, reporting and inspection. 
The Bank of Italy’s Regulation No. 285 of 17 December 2013 regulating the supervision of banks was amended 
on 27 May 2014 to introduce a new section solely applicable to BancoPosta RFC (the Supervisory 
Regulation). The Supervisory Regulation applies to BancoPosta RFC most of the regulations applicable to 
banks. For example, the sections applicable to BancoPosta RFC include: 
• 
organisation and governance; 
• 
management compensation and incentive schemes;  
• 
internal control system and outsourcing; 
• 
information systems and business continuity; 
• 
prudential rules under CRR/CRD IV relating to risks and capital adequacy; 
• 
planning of network evolution in Italy and abroad; 
• 
conflicts of interest;  
• 
information to be provided to the public; and 
• 
off-premises (door-to-door) sale of BancoPosta products and services.  
On the other hand, the relevant sections of the supervisory instructions for banks relating to lending are not 
applicable to BancoPosta RFC, which is prevented from engaging in lending activity (see “Business of the 
Group – 3. Financial Services” above).  
The Supervisory Regulation imposes significant obligations on Poste Italiane in order to ensure the 
organisation, accounting and asset segregation of BancoPosta’s activities.  
In addition, specific approval from the Bank of Italy is required for: (i) amendments to the Issuer's By-laws 
that have an impact on BancoPosta's activities; (ii) amendments to the BancoPosta Resolution or the 
BancoPosta Regulations that affect the management and control of BancoPosta RFC or the contribution of

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
assets by Poste Italiane; and (iii) any internal transfer of assets between Group companies and BancoPosta 
RFC, worth more than 10% of BancoPosta RFC's own funds at that time.  
Insurance Services  
The insurance business of the Group is carried out by the Poste Vita Group and is subject to the supervision 
and regulation of IVASS. Poste Vita operates in the life insurance business while Poste Assicura (wholly 
owned by Poste Vita) operates in the non-life insurance business. 
The main rules and principles applicable to insurance services, information duties and relationships with clients 
are set forth by the Private Insurance Code and by the implementing provisions thereof enacted by IVASS. 
Moreover, specific provisions of the IVASS regulation apply to insurance-based investment products (prodotti 
di investimento assicurativi di ramo I, ramo III e ramo V), while certain provisions of the Consolidated 
Financial Act attribute to CONSOB the powers relating to compliance with the obligations relating to the 
publication, form, content and transmission to the Authority of the Key Information Document (KID), prepared 
in accordance with the provisions of the PRIIPs Regulation. Pursuant to the Consolidated Financial Act, the 
supervisory, investigative and sanctioning powers provided by the PRIIPs Regulation are attributed to IVASS 
in relation to the product conception and distribution activities carried out directly by insurance companies (or 
through agents, insurance brokers, etc.) and to CONSOB in relation to the distribution of the insurance-based 
investment products through section D of the RUI (Register of insurance and reinsurance intermediaries). 
In addition, Poste Vita deals with private pensions products. In this respect, the provisions of Legislative 
Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005 alongside the implementing regulations issued by COVIP apply to 
supplementary private pension schemes. 
IVASS is responsible for: (i) ensuring the sound and prudent management of insurance and reinsurance 
undertakings, as well as the transparency and fairness of entities operating in the insurance sector; and (ii) the 
prudential supervision of the insurance sector, overseeing the technical, financial and capital adequacy 
requirements applicable to insurance undertakings, with particular reference to the technical provisions to be 
set aside on the basis of the commitments made by insurance undertakings to their customers. 
On 1 January 2016, Directive 2009/138/EC (the Solvency II Directive) came into force, as amended by 
Directive 2014/51/EU and integrated by EU Regulation 2015/35 issued by the European Commission on 10 
October 2014 (the Delegated Regulation) and by other European implementing regulations providing for 
technical standards with regard to, among others: (i) the supervisory approval procedures for company-specific 
parameters; (ii) ancillary own funds; (iii) matching adjustment; (iv) special purpose vehicles; (v) internal 
models; and (vi) joint decision on group internal models (the Implementing Regulations). Furthermore, the 
European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority (EIOPA) has issued several guidelines addressed 
to the national supervisory authorities (i.e., IVASS) aimed at: (i) simplifying the process of maintaining 
compliance with the provisions of the Delegated Regulation and the Implementing Regulations; and (ii) 
providing clarity to insurance companies on what supervisors’ expectations are.  
The Solvency II Directive was implemented in Italy by Legislative Decree No. 74/2015, which amended the 
Private Insurance Code.  
Starting from 2016, following entry into force of the Solvency II Directive, IVASS issued a number of 
regulations, implementing the Solvency II Directive’s first, second and third pillar requirements. These pillars 
revolve around: (i) capital requirements (Pillar I); (ii) requirements regarding the corporate governance of 
insurance companies – with specific attention to the control system (Pillar II); and (iii) information required 
to be disclosed to the supervisory authorities and to the market (Pillar III). 
In the course of its business, Poste Vita may be affected by the requirements of the regulations applicable from 
time to time, including solvency requirements.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
Management  
The governance model adopted by Poste Italiane is based on the traditional separation between the functions 
of the Board of Directors and those of the Board of Statutory Auditors (as defined below). The Issuer’s 
accounts are audited by an independent auditing firm. Poste Italiane’s financial management is supervised by 
the Italian Court of Auditors (Corte dei Conti) (Law No. 259 of 21 March 1958). The relevant supervision is 
exercised by a magistrate appointed by the Corte dei Conti (who attends the meetings of the Board of Directors 
and the Board of Statutory Auditors). 
The Board of Directors and the Board of Statutory Auditors, with their respective Chairpersons, are appointed 
by the shareholders’ General Meeting, which also appoints the independent auditors and determines their 
remuneration. The General Meeting also approves the annual financial statements and the remuneration policy. 
The General Meeting also decides on plans for the purchase and sale of the Issuer’s own shares, stock-based 
incentive plans for managers, amendments to the Issuer’s by-laws (other than those that merely constitute 
compliance with legal provisions) and the issuance of convertible corporate bonds. 
Board of Directors  
The Board of Directors consists of nine members and usually meets once a month to examine and vote on 
resolutions concerning the operating performance, results of operations, proposals concerning the 
organisational structure and strategically important transactions.  
Of the nine members of the Board of Directors, eight are non-executive and six meet the requirements to be 
considered independent directors, in accordance with the new Italian Corporate Governance Code (as defined 
below), as well as according to applicable law. 
In compliance with the provisions of the Italian Civil Code, the Board of Directors has delegated certain 
executive powers to the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and established five Board committees (see below) 
with advisory and recommendation functions: (i) the Control and Risk Committee; (ii) the Remuneration 
Committee; (iii) the Nominations and Corporate Governance Committee; (iv) the Related and Connected 
Parties Committee; and (v) the Sustainability Committee.  
The following is the current list of the members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer appointed on 15 May 
2020:

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
Name 
Position 
Main activities outside the Group 
Maria Bianca Farina 
Chairwoman of the Board 
of Directors (since 27 April 
2017 and, lastly, since 15 
May 2020) 
Chairwoman of ANIA and Chair of the 
Foundation 
ANIA 
(Italian 
association 
of 
insurance firms) 
Vice President of the FEBAF Board of Directors 
(Italian Federation of Banks, Insurance and 
Finance) 
Member of the COMI (Market Operators and 
Investors Committee) 
Member of the Advisory Board of the Biomedical 
University Foundation 
Member of the Board of Directors of Ospedale 
Bambino Gesù  
Member of the Board of Directors of “Save the 
Children” Onlus, member of the Advisory Board 
of Onlus Frontier Healthcare and member of the 
Honorary Committee of the Leonardo Vaccari 
Institute for the neuro-physical rehabilitation and 
social inclusion of persons with disabilities 
Member of the advisory board of the Scuola di 
Formazione Politica 
Member of the Board of Governors of AIF (the 
Holy See’s Financial Information Authority), 
appointed by Pope Francis  
Matteo Del Fante 
CEO and General Manager 
(since 27 April 2017 and, 
lastly, since 15 May 2020) 
Vice-Chairman of ASSONIME (Association of 
Italian Joint Stock Companies)

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
Giovanni Azzone 
Director (since 24 May 
2016 and, lastly, since 15 
May 2020) 
Full-time professor in “Business and strategic 
decisions” at the Polytechnic University of Milan 
Chairman of Arexpo S.p.A. 
Chairman of Spezia & Carrara Cruise Terminal 
S.r.l. 
Member of the AssoConsult-Confindustria 
Ethics Committee 
Member of the scientific council of the Renzo 
Piano Foundation 
Member of the steering committee of Fondazione 
Beic (Biblioteca Europea di Informazione e 
Cultura) 
President of the Board of the Community 
Foundation Milano 
Member of the scientific committee of NGInfra 
Bernardo De Stasio 
Director (since 15 May 
2020) 
Lawyer licensed to practise in the Italian 
Supreme Court 
Co-owner of Law Firm ABD 
Daniela Favrin 
Director (since 15 May 
2020) 
Manager of Fincantieri S.p.A. in charge of 
strategic projects financed with public funds 
Member of the board of directors of several 
companies within the Fincantieri industrial group 
Davide Iacovoni 
Director (since 15 May 
2020) 
General Manager of Public Debt at the Treasury 
Department of the Ministry of Economy and 
Finance 
Contract professor at the University of Padua for 
the “Public Economics and Financial Markets” 
course

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
Mimi Kung 
Director (since 24 May 
2016 and, lastly, since 15 
May 2020) 
Member of the Board of Prysmian S.p.A. 
Member of the Board and member of the 
nomination committee and risk committee of 
Bank of Ireland UK 
Elisabetta Lunati 
Director (since 15 May 
2020) 
Member of the Women’s Entrepreneurship 
Committee at the Chamber of Commerce of 
Milan, Monza Brianza and Lodi 
Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors of the 
Conciliatore Bancario Finanziario in Rome and 
Chairman of the Steering Committee of this 
organisation 
Member of the Board of Directors of Intesa 
Sanpaolo Casa 
Roberto Rossi 
Director (since 27 April 
2017 and, lastly, since 15 
May 2020) 
Director of Palletways Italia S.p.A. 
Chairman of Comité Stratégique and Senior 
Advisor of Industrie 6-24 Holding 
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Directors is the Issuer’s registered office. 
The CEO and the Chairwoman have completely separate roles and both have the authority to legally represent 
the Issuer; the CEO represents the Issuer for matters within his authority. 
The Chairwoman's role is to lead and oversee the Board of Directors, exercising the powers granted by the 
Issuer's By-laws and those conferred upon her by the Board of Directors' resolution of 15 May 2020.  
The CEO and General Manager, to whom all key departments report, has full powers for the administration of 
the Issuer across the organisational structure, with the exception of the following powers reserved to the Board 
of Directors, pursuant to the resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors on 15 May 2020, as well as pursuant 
to certain provisions of the Issuer’s By-laws: 
• 
orders exceeding Euro 50,000,000 for procurement, contracting and services; 
• 
expense-generating contracts and agreements involving commitments exceeding Euro 50,000,000; 
• 
definition of the corporate governance system within the company and the Group, and establishing 
and defining the functions of Board subcommittees, to which it appoints members and for which it 
approves organizational rules; 
• 
definition of the Parent Company’s organisational structure, upon a proposal by the CEO, who is 
responsible for its implementation; 
• 
acquisitions, swaps and disposals of real estate with a value of more than Euro 5,000,000; 
• 
approval of the rules governing supplies, subcontracts, services and sales;

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
• 
upon the proposal of the CEO, and subject to the favourable opinion of the Board of Statutory 
Auditors, appoint and revoke the officer responsible for preparing the Issuer's accounting documents 
(funzionario preposto alla redazione dei documenti contabili societari), granting him/her adequate 
powers and resources; 
• 
upon the proposal of the CEO, appoint, replace and revoke the directors and statutory auditors of the 
listed companies in which Poste Italiane holds an equity investment which do not fall within the 
scope of consolidation; 
• 
upon the proposal of the CEO, appoint and dismiss the head of the BancoPosta unit and take decisions 
on the remuneration of this role; 
• 
appoint and dismiss the head of the internal control function, following a joint proposal by the 
Chairwoman and the CEO, having consulted the Board of Statutory Auditors, and make decisions 
regarding his/her remuneration; and  
• 
examination and approval of the Parent Company’s transactions of strategic, economic, asset-linked 
or financial relevance (Transactions of Significant Relevance). 
In line with best practice and recommendations set forth in the Italian Corporate Governance Code (as defined 
below), the Board of Directors established the following general criteria for identifying Transactions of 
Significant Relevance. These are: 
• 
transactions exceeding Euro 50,000,000 that concern: (a) the acquisition or disposal of companies or 
going concerns, assets or other activities; (b) the acquisition or disposal of equity interests, including 
by means of capital increases; (c) the establishment of companies and, in any event, the entering into 
partnerships or strategic alliances lasting more than five years, with the exclusion of temporary 
business associations; (d) the granting of loans or security /personal guarantees; (e) the taking out of 
loans and credit facilities, as well as other expense-generating credit transactions; (f) the execution 
of transactions; 
• 
the issue of financial instruments; 
• 
merger or demerger transactions in which the total assets of the company being acquired or the assets 
being demerged are equal to or greater than Euro 50,000,000; and  
• 
transactions that require the Parent Company to make public disclosures, prepared in accordance 
with CONSOB regulations. 
Transactions carried out exclusively with or between subsidiaries of Poste Italiane do not qualify as 
Transactions of Significant Relevance, without prejudice to the Board of Directors' responsibility for 
transactions that fall within its remit by law and pursuant to its by-laws. Consistent with the Group's operating 
practices, and without prejudice to the management autonomy of each subsidiary, the Parent Company's Board 
of Directors undertakes to carry out a prior review of the Transactions of Significant Relevance of its 
subsidiaries. 
With reference to Transactions of Significant Relevance, Poste Italiane's executive bodies provide the Board 
of Directors with adequate information on Poste Italiane's interest in carrying out the transaction, including 
through subsidiaries. This exercise includes reporting on the feasibility, financial viability and compliance 
with Poste Italiane’s strategic plans. The executive bodies of the Parent Company ensure that the directors of 
the subsidiaries are aware of the criteria identifying Transactions of Significant Relevance.  
In accordance with the recommendations of the Italian Corporate Governance Code (as defined below), as 
well as the provisions of the Bank of Italy's Supervisory Regulations applicable to Poste Italiane in the exercise 
of BancoPosta's activities, since September 2015 the Board of Directors has set up: (i) a committee dedicated 
to internal control and risk issues (currently, the Control and Risk Committee), (ii) a Remuneration Committee 
and (iii) a Nomination Committee, to which powers on corporate governance matters were subsequently 
attributed (currently, the Nominations and Corporate Governance Committee).

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
In October 2016, the Board of Directors also established an internal “Related and Connected Parties 
Committee”, in charge of performing the functions provided for by the reference regulations issued by 
CONSOB and the Bank of Italy. Finally, in May 2020, the Board of Directors set up a new “Sustainability 
Committee”, which is assigned specific tasks on the subject. 
The five Board committees currently comprise the following members: 
 
Control and Risk Committee: Bernardo De Stasio (Chairman), Davide Iacovoni, Roberto Rossi;  
 
Remuneration Committee: Giovanni Azzone (Chairman), Daniela Favrin, Elisabetta Lunati;  
 
Nominations and Corporate Governance Committee: Giovanni Azzone (Chairman), Bernardo de 
Stasio, Mimi Kung; 
 
Related and Associated Parties Committee: Elisabetta Lunati (Chairman), Bernardo De Stasio, 
Mimi Kung; and  
 
Sustainability Committee: Daniela Favrin (Chairman), Davide Iacovoni, Roberto Rossi. 
Board of Statutory Auditors  
The Board of Statutory Auditors comprises three statutory auditors (as well as three alternate auditors) 
appointed by the shareholders' Annual General Meeting of the Parent Company.  
Pursuant to Article 2403 of the Italian Civil Code, the Board of Statutory Auditors verifies compliance with 
the law, the By-laws and the correct principles of corporate governance, also verifying the adequacy of the 
organisational structure and the administrative and accounting systems adopted by the Issuer and their 
functionality.  
The list of auditors appointed as of 28 May 2022 is shown below: 
Name 
Position 
Main activities outside the Group 
Mauro Lonardo 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors (since 24 
May 2016 and, lastly, since 
28 May 2022) 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Arkad S.p.A.  
Sole Auditor of Uniholding s.r.l. RSM Italy 
accounting Roma S.r.l. and ISD Ecole Francais 
Internationale de Rome S.r.l. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Unicompany S.p.A. and Poste Air Cargo S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor of Harsco Environment S.r.l., 
Elof Italy Management Sicaf S.p.A. 
Serena Gatteschi 
Statutory Auditor (since 28 
May 2022) 
Member of the Supervisory Body pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 231/01 of Poste Assicura 
S.p.A.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
Member of the Supervisory Body pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 231/01 of AdMoving 
S.p.A., EsseDiEsse S.p.A. and Giove Clear S.r.l. 
(all of which are part of the Autostrade per 
l’Italia group) 
Statutory Auditor of 1AR S.p.A., Bertolotti 
S.p.A., and Ki Point S.p.A. and Alternate Auditor 
of various other companies, including ITA 
S.p.A., Sisal S.p.A. and Nexi S.p.A. 
Gianluigi Fiorendi 
Statutory Auditor (since 28 
May 2022) 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
S.a.c.b.o. S.p.A. Milan Bergamo International 
Airport.Chairman of the Board of Statutory 
Auditors of Brf Property S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Piccole Figlie Hospital S.r.l. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Urai S.p.A.  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Invin S.r.l. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Lifenet S.r.l. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Ict Consulting S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Fondoprofessioni 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Centro Medico Privato Lazzaro Spallanzani 
S.r.l. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Eunomia S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Iniziative Immobiliari S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Omni Re S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Selectra S.p.A.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of Iep 
Holding S.r.l. 
Member of the Board of Directors of FM di 
Mariangela Mosconi & C. Snc. 
Member of the Board of Directors of Infi Monti 
S.p.A. 
Liquidator of Lombardi e Associati i.l. 
 
Francesco Fallacara 
Alternate Auditor (since 28 
May 2022) 
Member of the Board of Directors of ArgoGlobal 
Assicurazioni S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Tim S.p.A., ATAC S.p.A., TIM Retail S.r.l., 
Maire Tecnimont S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor of Eni Progetti S.p.A, 
Nextchem S.r.l., Cartiere di Guarcino S.p.A., 
GSD Sistemi e Servizi S.C.A.R.L., Casa di Cura 
La Madonnina S.p.A., Eni Natural Energies 
S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor of Banca Consulia S.p.A., 
Capital Shuttle S.p.A., Creval S.p.A. Gruppo 
Bancario Credito Valtellinese, Banca Monte dei 
Paschi di Siena S.p.A., ATLANTIA S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Supervisory Body pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 231/01 of Apaform 
Associazione Professionale ASFOR di formatori 
di Management, Asfor Associazione Italiana per 
la formazione Manageriale 
Sole auditor of GB Trucks Socio Unico S.r.l., 
SIBI S.r.l., I Casali del Pino S.r.l., Fondazione 
Maire Tecnimont 
Sole Auditor and Statutory Auditor of Ro.Co. 
Edil Romana Costruzioni Edilizie S.r.l. 
Statutory Auditor of Eni Progetti S.p.A., 
Nextchem S.r.l., Cartiere di Guarcino S.p.A., 
GSD SISTEMI E SERVIZI S.C.A.R.L., CASA 
DI CURA LA MADONNINA S.p.A, ENI 
NATURAL ENERGIES S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor of Banca Consulia S.p.A., 
Capital Shuttle S.p.A., Creval S.p.A. Gruppo

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
Bancario Credito Valtellinese, Banca Monte dei 
Paschi di Siena S.p.A., ATLANTIA S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Supervisory Body pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 231/01 of Apaform 
Associazione Professionale ASFOR di formatori 
di Management, Asfor Associazione Italiana per 
la formazione Manageriale 
Sole auditor of Hirafilm S.r.l., GB Trucks Socio 
Unico S.r.l., SIBI S.r.l., I Casali del Pino S.r.l., 
Fondazione Maire Tecnimont 
Sole Auditor and Statutory Auditor of Ro.Co. 
Edil Romana Costruzioni Edilizie S.r.l. 
Sonia Ferrero 
Alternate Auditor (since 28 
May 2022) 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Geox S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor of Atlantia S.p.A., IREN 
S.p.A., Valvitalia S.p.A.  
Member of the Supervisory Body pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 231/01 of Atlantia 
S.p.A.  
Antonio Santi 
Alternate Auditor (since 27 
April 2017 and, lastly, since 
28 May 2022) 
Member of the Board of Enav S.p.A., Adue 
Consulting S.r.l., Studio Laghi S.r.l. 
Sole Administrator of Italcare Capital Partners 
S.r.l. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Recordati S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Acea Liquidation and S.r.l. – Acea Group 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
F.A.I. Service S.COOP 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
C-Zone S.p.A in liquidation 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
CQS Holding in liquidation 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Ktesios Holding S.p.A. in liquidation

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
LKTS S.p.A. in liquidation. 
Chairman of the Supervisory Body pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 231/01 of F.A.I. Service 
S.COOP 
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors is the Issuer’s registered 
office. 
External auditors  
The auditing firm Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. was appointed on 28 May 2019 by the shareholders' General 
Meeting, upon proposal of the Board of Statutory Auditors, to audit the Issuer’s financial statements for the 
period 2020-2028.  
The appointment was made in accordance with Legislative Decree 39/2010.  
Conflicts of interest  
To the best of the Issuer's knowledge, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the 
members of the Issuer's administrative, management or supervisory bodies and their private interests or other 
duties. 
Third–party information  
As far as the Issuer is aware, third party information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as it is possible 
to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Litigation  
Due to the significant number of clients, suppliers and employees, the Group is involved in certain lawsuits 
for the compensation of damages due to: 
 
alleged breaches of contracts, by clients and suppliers; 
 
interpretation of employment agreements’ rules, by employees (in particular by fixed-term employees 
requiring the conversion of their contracts into permanent contracts); and 
 
interpretation of contractual clauses, by suppliers. 
The Group made provisions for disputes with third parties of Euro 248 million and with staff of Euro 44 million 
as at 31 December 2021 for all potential liabilities arising from the disputes that are currently pending. 
The determination of the provisions involves the use of estimates based on the current knowledge of the factors 
that may change over time, potentially resulting in outcomes that may be significantly different from those 
taken into account when preparing the consolidated financial statements. The estimates and the assumptions 
are periodically reviewed and the effects of any variation thereof are reflected in the relevant consolidated 
financial statements for the financial period during which such review of estimates is carried out (in the event 
such review only impacts the current financial period), or for multiple financial periods (in the event such 
review impacts both the current and subsequent financial periods) (see Section 2.4 of the consolidated financial 
statements for the year ended 31 December 2021).

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
Pending proceedings and relations with relevant supervisory authorities  
The paragraphs below describe the most material legal proceedings in which the Group is involved because of 
the value of the claim or the potential relevance thereof for other reasons.  
Italian Competition Authority (AGCM) 
Unfair commercial practices 
 
PS11936 – PosteMobile – Debiting of customers following the expiry of periodic payment offers  
On 14 October 2021, AGCM (i) initiated proceedings against PostePay pursuant to Article 27, paragraph 3, of 
Legislative Decree No. 206 of 6 September 2005, as amended and supplemented (Consumer Code), and also 
pursuant to Article 6 of the Regulation on investigation procedures concerning misleading and comparative 
advertising, unfair business practices, breach of consumer rights in contracts, breach of the prohibition on 
discrimination and unfair terms (Regulation), adopted by AGCM with a resolution of 1 April 2015 and (ii) 
sent a simultaneous request for information pursuant to Article 12(1) of such Regulation. 
In brief, AGCM, on the basis of a number of reports from users of PosteMobile services, challenged the 
unrequested activation of an alleged service whereby outgoing traffic (voice, SMS and data) continued when 
the credit on the user’s rechargeable SIM card ran-out or was insufficient at the time of renewal of the periodic 
payment offer. PostePay responded to AGCM communication clarifying that no continuity service is provided 
as part of PosteMobile offerings. 
At the end of the investigation phase of the proceedings, AGCM notified PostePay with the final ruling No. 
30286, by means of which AGCM ascertained the infringement and consequently condemned PostePay to pay 
a fine of €1,800,000.00, then reduced to €1,500,000.00, in consideration of the mitigating circumstance 
“relating to some measures taken by the professional to remove the conduct”.  
PostePay decided to challenge measure No. 30286 of 8 August 2022, issued by AGCM, before the 
Administrative Court for Lazio – Rome. The appeal, which was filed on 28 October 2022, is aimed at obtaining 
(i) as a preliminary consideration, the annulment of such measure by AGCM, or (ii) as an alternative, the 
annulment of the penalty imposed by AGCM, or (iii) by way of further alternative, the reduction thereof to the 
minimum amount provided by law.  
 
“PS11287 - Interest-bearing Postal Certificates in paper form 
On 24 March 2022, AGCM initiated the proceeding PS11287 against Poste Italiane for alleged unfair 
commercial practices regarding information on the maturity and time-barring terms of Interest-bearing Postal 
Certificates in paper form. The claims brought against Poste Italiane substantiated in that allegedly: (i) during 
the placement of such Postal Certificates, Poste Italiane failed to indicate their maturity date and/or the 
prescription date thereof, as well as failed to provide information regarding the legal consequences arising 
from the expiration of the aforementioned terms and/or provided such information using confusing and 
deceptive wording; (ii) in the management of certificates that have expired in the last five years, Poste failed 
to inform the holders of Postal Certificates close to the expiration of the time-barring period, of the expiration 
of such period and the legal consequences arising in the event of failure to request the redemption of the Postal 
Certificates within such period. On 13 April 2022, Poste Italiane submitted a defense brief to AGCM in which, 
in addition to responding to the request for information contained in the opening act, it claimed its role as a 
mere placer of the Postal Certificates, it highlighted the nature of such Postal Certificates and it maintained the 
inapplicability of the consumer protection rules to the case at hand. On 30 August 2022, AGCM served a 
notice on investigative findings (comunicazione delle risultanze istruttorie) to Poste Italiane, confirming, in 
essence, the objections raised in the initial proceeding. On 19 September 2022, Poste Italiane filed its final 
defense statement accompanied by the initiatives put in place, on a voluntary basis, aimed at eliminating 
AGCM's concerns, without prejudice to the objections put forward in the proceeding. On 4 November 2022,

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
AGCM notified Poste Italiane of the final decision imposing an administrative penalty of Euro 1.4 million to 
Poste Italiane. This amount was so quantified taking into account the actions put in place by Poste Italiane on 
a voluntary basis, which were deemed appropriate to improve the information provided to consumers, therefore 
including a reduction of 60% on the amount of the penalty. AGCM’s decision will be appealed by Poste 
Italiane before the Regional Administrative Court. 
 
Italian Communications Authority (AGCom)  
On 12 November 2021, with Notice of Objection No. 13/21/DSP, AGCom initiated proceedings against Poste 
Italiane for failure to comply with the quality objectives relating to the products forming part of the Universal 
Postal Service for the year 2020. The notice identified five objections. In response to the aforementioned notice 
of objection, Poste Italiane submitted its defence briefs on 13 December 2021, arguing that the Covid-19 
pandemic should be considered as a force majeure event with respect to the achievement of such quality 
objectives. The hearing took place on 21 December 2021. With Resolution No. 104/22/CONS, notified to 
Poste Italiane on 22 April 2022, AGCom dismissed the sanction proceedings, accepting the arguments 
expressed by Poste Italiane. In the same Resolution, AGCom stated that, for the years 2021 and 2022, since 
the element of unpredictability caused by the Covid-19 pandemic has disappeared, it will be Poste Italiane’s 
burden to prove that it has introduced every organisational precaution possible to ensure compliance with its 
Universal Postal Service quality obligations. On 10 June 2022, the “Verification on the quality of postal 
services - results for 2021” was published on AGCom’s website and failures in relation to five quality 
objectives were reported. The commencement of sanction proceedings in connection thereto is awaited. 
Italian National Anti-corruption Authority (ANAC) 
On 28 September 2015, ANAC notified Poste Italiane that it was launching an investigation to verify the 
administrative procedures carried out regarding the upgrade and restyling work at the Sesto Fiorentino sorting 
centre (FI). On 27 July 2018, ANAC's Works Supervision Office notified to Poste Italiane Resolution No. 553 
of 27 April 2017 in which the Authority identified, among other things, certain conduct that did not comply 
with public procurement rules by the parties involved in the proceedings (i.e., the person in charge of the 
proceedings, the works supervisor and the test supervisor), forwarding the resolution to the Public Prosecutor's 
Office for any follow-up action within its jurisdiction. Moreover, criminal proceedings are pending in relation 
to the same facts before the Public Prosecutor's Office of Perugia, where Poste Italiane has been identified as 
an affected party. 
Italian Social Security Institute (INPS) 
From 2012 until 30 September 2022, INPS office at Genoa Ponente issued Postel with a number of payment 
orders, for a total amount of €26,819,000, demanding payment of social security contributions funding income 
support, extraordinary income support, unemployment benefit and family benefits not covered by the 
contributions paid to IPOST (Istituto Postelegrafonici, the former social security institute dedicated to the 
Group personnel). Appeals against such payment orders were brought by Postel before the Court of Genoa. In 
support of Postel’s arguments, the Ministry of Labour stated in a memo issued on 20 October 2016 that the 
social security contributions system applicable to Poste Italiane also applies to all the other Group companies, 
with the sole exception of those that provide air transport, banking and express delivery services. 
Some of the judgements have already been issued by the Court of Genoa and, on their outcome, against 
payment notices totalling €13.2 million, the Parent Company was ordered to pay only the single family 
allowance contribution (Contributo Unico Assegni Familiari - CUAF) of 0.68%, less the family allowances 
paid by Postel to employees, amounting to €0.3 million. Pursuant to the judgements, nothing was deemed to 
be due under the wage compensation fund (Cassa Integrazione Guadagni) (CIG), the extraordinary wage 
compensation fund (Cassa Integrazione Guadagni Straordinaria) (CIGS) and mobility, being Postel at the 
time wholly owned by the State through Poste Italiane and therefore included among the industrial enterprises 
of the State for which the law excludes the obligation to pay redundancy and mobility. INPS filed an appeal

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
for the first tranche of payment orders made (€9.16 million), challenging the merits of the judgement in first 
degree and the sum which Poste Italiane was ordered to pay. In INPS’s view, the rate applicable for 
contributions for family benefits, in line with recent guidance issued by INPS, should have been 4.40% in 
place of the 0.68% applied in the payment notices involved in the court proceedings. In two judgements dated 
28 December 2018, the Court of Appeal of Genoa confirmed in full the first degree’s judgements, rejecting 
INPS’s appeals. INPS filed an appeal with the Italian Court of Cassation which was notified to Postel on 28 
June 2019. Postel appeared before the Court of Cassation, but the proceedings are still pending. 
In a judgement dated 1 February 2021, the Court of Genoa cancelled the payment notices (totalling 
approximately €0.64 million) for the period from December 2012 to April 2015 (excluding July 2014) and 
ordered INPS to pay Postel the sum of €0.06 million plus interest. INPS appealed against that ruling. With 
judgment No. 8 of 2022, published on 14 January 2022, the Court of Appeal of Genoa rejected INPS’s appeal. 
INPS filed an appeal before the Italian Court of Cassation notified to Postel on 12 July 2022. Postel appeared 
before the court by notification and filing of a defence and cross appeal to the Italian Court of Cassation. As 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, the proceedings are still pending. 
Lastly, with the rulings of 26 May 2021, the Court of Genoa cancelled the payment notices (for a total of 
approximately €3.1 million) for certain periods between February 2011 and January 2017 and ordered the 
payment of the lower amounts restated as a total of €0.17 million. Postel appealed against the above-mentioned 
ruling. With judgments No. 122 of 18 May 2022 and No. 131 of 6 June 2022, the Court of Appeal of Genoa 
rejected the appeals filed by Postel, as well as the incidental appeals presented by INPS, confirming the first 
degree’s ruling. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the terms for appealing against the rulings are still 
pending. 
Other cases, relating to the appeals lodged by Postel against the payment orders for the period from May 2009 
to May 2021, are still pending and at a preliminary stage. In particular: 
- 
On 19 September 2019, the Court of Genoa cancelled the payment notices by INPS and condemned Poste 
Italiane to pay the CUAF within the limits of the differential deriving from the sums already paid to 
employees by way of family allowances, based on the findings of the expert witness. INPS filed an appeal 
and Postel appeared before the court by notification of a defense brief and cross appeal. With ruling dated 
7 May 2021, the Court of Appeal of Genoa rejected the appeal lodged by INPS, as well as the cross-appeal 
filed by Poste Italiane, confirming the ruling in first degree. On 21 January 2022, INPS notified to Postel 
the appeal to the Italian Court of Cassation and Postel appeared before the court, by also notifying and 
filing a counter-appeal and an incidental appeal to the Italian Court of Cassation; 
- 
On 29 December 2020, the Court of Genoa cancelled the payment notice by INPS, declaring the non-debt 
of the sums referred to in the notice subject to appeal by Poste Italiane. On 29 July 2021, INPS filed an 
appeal and Postel appeared before the court, by also notifying a defense brief and a cross appeal. With 
ruling No. 201 of 20 September 2022, the Court of Appeal of Genoa partially accepted the appeal lodged 
by INPS, condemning Postel to pay the amount indicated in INPS’s payment notice. The terms for 
appealing against the ruling are still pending.  
Moreover, between 2019 and 2020, INPS requested Postel to determine correctly its contributions due in 
relation to staff from September 2014 to September 2019 at the non-harmonised CUAF rate of 4.40% of 
taxable income for social security purposes. Postel acted differently depending on the period in question: 
- 
for October, November and December 2019, Postel carried out an adjustment of the payment of the CUAF 
contribution in the amount of 4.40%, without prejudice to request for reimbursement in court; 
- 
for the previous period from September 2014 to the end of 2015, Postel appealed through administrative 
proceedings against the payment notices received from INPS including a request for payment of 4.40% of 
the CUAF;

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
- 
for the year 2018 and the first 7 months of 2019, two payment notices were served with the request for 
payment of the CUAF at 0.68% and minor contributions CIG and CIGS to Postel, which it paid, without 
prejudice to request for reimbursement pending the appeal before the Italian Court of Cassation; 
- 
with effect from January 2020, Postel pays the CUAF rate to INPS at 0.68% instead of 4.40%, as a result 
of the provisions of art. 11, paragraph 5 bis of Law Decree No. 162 of 2019, converted into Law No. 8 of 
28 February 2020.  
Taking into account the judgements, the reasons given for the judgements and the latest appeals lodged by 
INPS, Poste Italiane adjusted its provisions for risks and charges, also on the basis of the opinion expressed 
by its legal advisors. Provisions set aside pursuant to the interim financial statements as at 30 September 2022 
amount to €12.34 million. 
Bank of Italy 
On 14 March 2022, the Bank of Italy launched an inspection of BancoPosta RFC aimed at assessing its 
profitability and business model as well as the governance and control systems and the management of interest 
rate risk, including the internal modelling in connection thereto and the new business activity relating to tax 
credits and the risks associated thereto. The inspection was completed on 15 July 2022. As a result, on 30 
November 2022, the relevant report, which included certain findings, was delivered to Poste Italiane. On 1 
December 2022, with reference to one of the findings included in such report, the Bank of Italy raised certain 
objections. Poste Italiane will take steps, within the terms, to formulate (i) its own considerations regarding 
the findings included in the report (also giving notice of the resulting measures that the Parent Company 
intends to implement), and (ii) with respect to the objections raised, its defensive counterclaims in support of 
the correctness of its actions. 
On 20 July 2022, the Bank of Italy provided BancoPosta and PostePay with information on how to manage 
funds received from EMI for the issuance of electronic money. The Bank of Italy’s Supervisory Rules for EMI 
dated 22 February 2022 stipulate that such funds may be deposited with a bank authorised to operate in Italy 
and may be invested in qualified debt securities or in units of harmonised mutual investment funds having 
certain features. Since the establishment of PostePay, such funds have been deposited in a postal current 
account (so-called safeguard account) and contribute to the deposits taken from private customers of 
Bancoposta RFC, which, according to the restrictions on their use, are invested in euro area government debt 
securities. During 2021, the Bank of Italy initiated dialogue with the interested intermediaries, considering the 
fact that BancoPosta was not deemed by the Bank of Italy to be classifiable as a credit institution, as envisaged 
by the relevant European legislation. Following a proposed alternative approach, intended to consider deposit 
of the sums collected by PostePay with BancoPosta to be comparable to a direct investment in qualified debt 
securities, in the aforesaid communication the Bank of Italy requested further assessment from the part of the 
relevant intermediaries, intended to identify an operational solution that would entail full alignment with the 
relevant provisions of law. 
Italian Insurance Services Regulator (IVASS) 
From 1 March to 18 June 2021, IVASS conducted inspections aimed at verifying compliance with anti-money 
laundering legislation, at both Poste Vita and BancoPosta RFC. The results of the inspections showed an 
overall satisfactory compliance framework regarding processes and procedures aimed at fulfilling customer 
due diligence obligations and the consequent evaluation of anomalous relationships and transactions. 
However, the decision was only partially favourable, as IVASS concluded that the relationships seen as higher 
risk remain inadequately verified. These shortcomings concern, in particular, the assessment of how consistent 
transactions were with customer economic and financial profiles, not supported by documentation to check the 
information on the origin of the funds acquired by the network. The profiling system does not take into account 
all the risk factors referred to in IVASS Regulation No. 44 of 12 February 2019 and all the information 
collected from the customers.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
For the areas of improvement reported by IVASS, Poste Vita and BancoPosta RFC have taken steps to 
implement the necessary initiatives, taking into consideration the guidance received from IVASS. 
Other litigation 
Federconsumatori / Poste Italiane 
Federconsumatori, with a writ of summons dated 14 May 2021, initiated a class action before the Court of 
Rome against Poste Italiane pursuant to article 140-bis of the Consumer Code. The value of the dispute to date 
is approximately €8,500. 
By the summons in question, Federconsumatori alledges that the capitalisation of interest on 30-year interest-
bearing postal certificates (marked with the “Q” series, issued by Cassa Depositi e Prestiti from 1986 to 1995, 
pursuant to Ministerial Decree 13 June 1986 by the Minister of Treasury, which were subsequently transferred 
to the Ministry of Economy and Finance, pursuant to the MEF Decree of 5 December 2003) is carried out 
annually net of withholding tax (now substitute tax), rather than gross, with the effect of recognising to savers 
a lower return than the one allegedly due. 
On 27 July 2021, Poste Italiane appeared before the Court of Rome, objecting, on a preliminary basis, the 
inadmissibility of the class action, on a number of preliminary grounds, as well as on the basis of the 
circumstance that the plaintiffs and potential class action members’ claims are time-barred, and challenging 
the merits of the proposed claim. 
The Court of Rome, by a ruling dated 11 January 2022, held that the action submitted by Federconsumatori 
was manifestly ungrounded, recognising, inter alia, that Poste Italiane could not be convened in such 
proceedings not being the correct defendant. Federconsumatori challenged the Court of Rome’s ruling and the 
Court of Appeal set a hearing for closing arguments for 12 July 2023. 
WINDtre / PostePay 
On 31 March 2022, PostePay was notified by WindTre S.p.A. (a former partner of PostePay and former 
wholesale supplier of the access network for the provision of mobile communications services) of a lawsuit 
brought before the Civil Court of Rome to ascertain alleged credits claimed by WindTre S.p.A. with reference 
to the “Contract for Wholesale access services in FULL MVNO mode”, in force between the parties from 
2013. On the basis of the information available as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the fees claimed by 
WindTre S.p.A. seem to be the result of a certain interpretation and application of the clauses of the contract 
inherent to some economic components - tariffs. On 7 November 2022, PostePay filed its introductory motion 
and relevant counterclaim. 
Tax credits 
As part of the activities carried out by Poste Italiane in connection with the purchase of tax credits referred to 
in Article 119 of the so called Decreto Rilancio (Decree Law No. 34/2020 converted as amended by Law No. 
77/2020), Poste Italiane has been involved in certain legal proceedings in which it is a bona fide third 
party/injured party (for further details, see “Business of the Group – 3. Financial Services” above). 
Tax disputes  
On 19 April 2018, the tax Authorities in Rome (Guardia di Finanza - Nucleo di Polizia economico-finanziaria) 
entered the offices of SDA Express Courier S.p.A. to verify the company's compliance with VAT, income tax, 
IRAP and withholding taxes for the years 2014, 2015 and 2016, pursuant to and for the purposes of articles 52 
and 63 of Presidential Decree 633/72, Article 33 of Presidential Decree 600/73, Article 2 of Legislative Decree 
68/2001 and Law 4/1929.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
On 29 November 2018, the audit was formally declared concluded. The main finding contained in the final 
notice of assessment for approximately Euro 1 million concerns the deduction of VAT related to adjustment 
entries issued by the company in relation to discounts granted to customers as a result of the increase in the 
number of shipments. These discounts are transformed into price reductions originally applied by the company 
at the time of shipment management and are therefore classified as rebates or discounts under the relevant 
contract. Subsequently, on 5 December 2019, a notice of assessment was served for the year 2014 only with a 
total claim of Euro 0.4 million, which, referring to the Formal Tax Audit Report (Processo Verbale di 
Constatazione), mainly disputes the VAT deducted. On 3 February 2020, SDA Express Courier S.p.A. filed 
an appeal against this notice and provisionally paid the penalty imposed. The discussion hearing, originally 
scheduled for 17 February 2021, for which a request for oral argument had been sent on 21 January 2021, was 
held on 20 July 2022. The latter, at the request of SDA Express Courier S.p.A., was postponed to a new date 
to allow for the completion of negotiations with the Lazio Regional Tax Office (DRE) (the postponement 
mechanism has not yet been notified by the Provincial Tax Commission. 
Moreover, on 27 May 2021, the Lazio Regional Tax Office (DRE) issued a further notice of assessment for 
the tax year 2015, similar to the notice already filed for the year 2014 in which deducted VAT was the main 
contested item. This notice has not been challenged and a procedure has been initiated with the Lazio Regional 
Tax Office for the overall review of the dispute concerning the credit notes with reference to all the periods 
covered by the findings of the Formal Tax Audit Report (Processo Verbale di Constatazione) (from 2014 to 
2017) in order to seek an out-of-court settlement. At the date of this Base Prospectus, this procedure is currently 
underway. 
Anti-money laundering  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Poste Italiane has 61 pending notifications regarding the violation of the 
anti-money laundering legislation, of which: (i) six relate to the failure to report suspicious transactions to the 
FIU; (ii) 52 relate to failure to report to the MEF (iii) two relate to customer due diligence (an obligation 
imposed by Legislative Decree 231/2007 when either a continuing relationship is established, or occasional 
transactions are entered into and there are suspicions in relation to money laundering or terrorist financing, or 
there are doubts in relation to data previously obtained from the customer); and (iv) one relates to record 
keeping (an obligation imposed by Legislative Decree 231/2007 for anti-money laundering purposes to collect 
specific qualitative information relating to the customer relationship and quantitative information relating to 
transactions).  
Corporate Governance  
The corporate governance system adopted by Poste Italiane complies with the principles set out in the 
Corporate Governance Code 2020 edition (Codice di Corporate Governance) issued by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
(Italian Corporate Governance Code), the provisions of the Consolidated Financial Act (where applicable) 
and the Supervisory Regulation issued by the Bank of Italy and applicable to Poste Italiane as a result of 
business activities conducted through its segregated capital – established by Poste Italiane with effect from 2 
May 2011, pursuant to article 2, paragraph 17-octies ff. of Legislative Decree No. 225 of 29 December 2010, 
converted with amendments into Law No. 10, on 26 February 2011, in a resolution by the Shareholder’s 
Meeting held in extraordinary session on 14 April 2011 – exclusively dedicated to the exercise of BancoPosta 
activities. 
With regard to the governance system adopted by BancoPosta RFC, the rules governing the organisation, 
management and control of BancoPosta’s operations are contained in the specific BancoPosta Regulation 
approved by the extraordinary General Meeting of 14 April 2011 and amended by the extraordinary General 
Meetings of 31 July 2015 and 29 May 2018 (the BancoPosta Regulation). The amendments of 29 May 2018 
had effect as of 1 October 2018. 
As a result of the Supervisory Regulation applicable to BancoPosta RFC, as amended on 27 May 2014, in 
conducting BancoPosta’s activities Poste Italiane is considered equivalent – for the purposes of application of

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
corporate governance regulations – to major banks in terms of size and operational complexity. In envisaging 
the prudential standards for banks applicable to BancoPosta RFC, the Bank of Italy took into account the 
entity’s peculiar nature, which made the application of certain exemptions necessary. These primarily regard 
the regulations governing “major exposures” and “related parties”, the countercyclical capital buffer, the 
Leverage Ratio, the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR). 
In addition to Pillar 1 capital requirements (credit, counterparty, market and operational risks) and the self-
assessment of capital adequacy with respect to all the identified risks (ICAAP, the Internal Capital Adequacy 
Assessment Process), requiring preparation of an annual report to be sent to the Bank of Italy for the purposes 
of its Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP), the prudential standards applied to BancoPosta 
RFC also require public disclosure of capital adequacy, risk exposure and the general characteristics of the 
related management and control systems. 
Relevant Internal Committees  
The Financial and Insurance Services Committee was established on 19 March 2018 to replace the previous 
so-called “Finance, Savings and Investment Committee”, with the aim of supervising the process of developing 
the products and services distributed by BancoPosta, in order to take a uniform, integrated view of the entire 
offering and to monitor the performance of the financial investments in which private customer deposits are 
invested.  
The “Investment Committees” were established at the Group’s insurance companies, Poste Vita and its 
subsidiary Poste Assicura, which, based on analyses by the relevant functions, provide advice to senior 
management on the development, implementation and oversight of investment strategy. 
Employees  
The table below provides information on the Group’s workforce: 
 
 
Number of employees  
 
 
Average for the year ended 31 
December 
At 31 December 
 
2021    
2020 
2021 
2020 
Executives 
688 
697 
 
627 
675 
Middle managers 
15,172 
14,838 
 
14,843 
14,704 
Operational areas 
Base areas 
91,811 
4,657 
96,397 
4,954 
 
89,130 
3,435 
92,689 
4,640 
Total permanent units * 
112,308 
116,886 
 
108,035 
112,708 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(*) Data expressed in full time equivalent terms.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Information Technology  
Poste Italiane’s information flows are supported by information systems that, inter alia, collate, classify and 
record transactions for the purposes of processing as well as preparing and controlling financial reporting. The 
IT processes represent the working model of IT and are based on the COBIT framework.5 The IT processes, 
together with the IT infrastructure and software applications, are under the responsibility of the Chief Digital, 
                                              
5 
COBIT (Control Objectives for Information and Related Technology) is a set of best practices (framework) for 
information technology management created by the American ISACA (Information Systems Audit and Control 
Association) and ITGI (IT Governance Institute) to provide internationally generally accepted measures for the 
assessment and improvement of a company’s IT governance and control.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
Technology & Operations Officer.6 The IT processes relate to planning, development, maintenance and 
monitoring of hardware, software and networks, and the provision of assistance services to end users.  
The IT infrastructure and software applications support the business processes of financial, insurance, 
payment, telecommunications, energy and logistic services. 
Summary Financial Information relating to the Issuer  
The following tables summarise the consolidated statement of the financial position, the consolidated 
statement of profit or loss and the consolidated summary statement of cash flows of the Issuer. All amounts in 
the following statements are shown in millions of Euros and have been derived from the audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, and 
the Interim Report dated 30 June 2022.  
The Group prepares its consolidated financial statements in accordance with the International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRS) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and adopted by 
the European Union with Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002 of 19 July 2002, and in accordance with Legislative 
Decree No. 38 of 20 February 2005, which introduced regulations governing the implementation of IFRS into 
Italian law. 
Preparation of the annual accounts requires the application of accounting standards and methods that are at 
times based on complex subjective judgements, estimates that are based on historical experience and 
assumptions that shall be considered reasonable and realistic under the related circumstances. Use of such 
estimates and assumptions affects the final amounts reported in the financial statements and related disclosures. 
Estimates and assumptions are periodically reviewed and the impact of any changes is reflected in the financial 
statements solely for the period in which the estimate is revised, if the revision only influences said period, or, 
if the revision influences both current and future periods, for any future period which may be influenced (for 
further details, see Section 2.5 of the Annual Report at 31 December 2021 and Section 2.4 of the Interim 
Report at 30 June 2022). 
The Group’s tax expense and related accounting treatment reflect the effects of the decision by Poste Italiane 
to adopt a tax consolidation arrangement, in accordance with relevant legislation, together with the subsidiaries 
Poste Vita, SDA Express Courier, Poste Air Cargo, Postel, Europa Gestioni Immobiliari S.p.A., Poste Welfare 
Servizi, Poste Assicura, BancoPosta Fondi SGR, PostePay, Poste Insurance Broker S.r.l., MLK Deliveries, 
Indabox S.r.l. and Nexive Network. 
The tax consolidation arrangement is governed by Group regulations based on the principles of neutrality and 
equality of treatment, which are intended to ensure that the companies included in the tax consolidation are in 
no way penalised as a result. Following adoption of the tax consolidation arrangement, the Parent Company’s 
tax expense is determined at a consolidated level on the basis of the tax expense or tax losses for the period 
for each company included in the consolidation, taking account of any withholding tax or advances paid. 
Poste Italiane posts its IRES tax expense to income taxes for the period after adjustments to account for the 
positive or negative impact of adjustments from tax consolidation. Where reductions or increases in tax 
expense resulting from such adjustments are attributable to companies included in the tax consolidation, Poste 
Italiane attributes such reductions or increases in tax expense to those companies. The economic benefits from 
offsetting the tax losses transferred to the consolidating entity by the companies participating in the tax 
consolidation arrangement are recognised in full by Poste Italiane. 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
(€m) 
 
                                              
6 
IT systems relating to human resources are under the direct control of Human Resources and Organisation.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
ASSETS 
At 31 December 
2021 
2020 
  
 
Non-current assets 
 
 
Property, plant and equipment 
2,267 
2,134 
Investment property 
32 
31 
Intangible assets 
873 
755 
Right-of-use assets 
1,116 
1,200 
Investments accounted for using the equity method 
277 
615 
Financial assets 
221,226 
221,134 
Trade receivables 
3 
2 
Deferred tax assets 
1,245 
1,123 
Other receivables and assets 
Tax credits Law No. 77/2020 
4,012 
5,551 
3,839 
29 
Technical provisions attributable to reinsurers 
50 
54 
Total 
236,652 
230,916 
 
 
 
Current assets 
 
 
Inventories 
155 
165 
Trade receivables 
2,508 
2,373 
Current tax assets 
115 
187 
Other receivables and assets 
Tax credits Law No. 77/2020 
1,146 
905 
1,054 
6 
Financial assets 
27,630 
26,749 
Cash and deposits attributable to BancoPosta 
7,659 
6,391 
Cash and cash equivalents 
7,958 
4,516 
Total 
48,076 
41,441 
TOTAL ASSETS 
284,728 
272,357 
Consolidated statement of financial position (continued)  
(€m) 
 
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
At 31 December 
2021 
2020 
  
 
Equity 
 
 
Share capital 
1,306 
1,306 
Reserves 
3,599 
3,909 
Treasury shares 
(40) 
(40) 
Retained earnings 
7,237 
6,327 
Total Equity attributable to owners of the Parent 
12,102 
11,502 
 
 
Equity attributable to non-controlling interests 
8 
5

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
 
 
Total 
12,110 
11,507 
 
Non-current liabilities 
Technical provisions for insurance business 
159,089 
153,794 
Provisions for risks and charges 
693 
625 
Employee termination benefits 
922 
1,030 
Financial liabilities 
15,122 
18,366 
Deferred tax liabilities 
953 
1,229 
Other liabilities 
1,749 
1,576 
Total 
178,528 
176,620 
 
Current liabilities 
Provisions for risks and charges 
575 
771 
Trade payables 
2,029 
1,837 
Current tax liabilities 
16 
13 
Other liabilities 
1,860 
1,745 
Financial liabilities 
89,610 
79,864 
Total 
94,090 
84,230 
 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
284,728 
272,357 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss 
(€m) 
 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
2021 
2020 
 
 
Revenue from Mail, Parcels and other 
3,685 
3,201 
Net revenue from Financial Services 
4,783 
4,945 
Revenue from Financial Services  
4,931 
5,151 
Expenses from financial activities  
(148) 
(206) 
Revenue from Insurance Services after movements in technical 
provisions and other claims expenses 
1,870 
1,643 
Insurance premium revenue 
17,829 
16,865 
Income from insurance activities 
4,383 
4,065 
Change in technical provisions for insurance business and other claims 
expenses 
(19,964) 
(18,767) 
Expenses from insurance activities 
(378) 
(520) 
Revenue from Payments and Mobile 
882 
737 
 
Net operating revenue 
11,220 
10,526 
 
Cost of goods and services 
2,873 
2,523 
Personnel expenses 
5,467 
5,638 
Depreciation, amortisation and impairments 
790 
700

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
of which, non-recurring costs/(income) 
- 
- 
Capitalised costs and expenses 
(33) 
(37) 
Other operating costs 
253 
103 
Impairment loss/(reversal) on debt instruments, receivables and 
other assets 
24 
75 
 
Operating profit/(loss) 
1,846 
1,524 
 
Finance costs 
73 
75 
of which, non-recurring costs  
-  
-  
Finance income 
369 
123 
of which, non-recurring income 
225  
-  
Impairment loss/(reversal) on financial instruments 
- 
1 
of which, non-recurring expense/(income) 
-  
-  
Profit/(Loss) on investments accounted for using the equity 
method 
26 
5 
of which, non-recurring income/(expense) 
- 
- 
 
Profit/(Loss) before tax 
2,168 
1,576 
 
Income tax for the year 
588 
370 
of which, non-recurring expense/(income) 
- 
(96) 
 
 
 
NET PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD  
1,580 
1,206 
of which, attributable to owners of the Parent 
1,578 
1,207 
of which, attributable to non-controlling interests 
2  
(1)  
 
Earnings per share 
1.214 
0.927 
 
 
 
Diluted earnings per share 
1.214 
0.927 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
Consolidated summary statement of cash flows 
(€m) 
 
 
 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
  
4,516 
2,149 
Cash flow generated by operating activities before movements in 
working capital 
[a] 
2,114 
1,616 
Cash flow generated by/(used in) movements in working capital 
[b] 
(371) 
(677)

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
Cash generated by/(used for) financial assets/liabilities attributable to 
financial activities, payments, cards and acquiring and insurance 
[c] 
2,441 
978 
Net cash flow from/(for) operating activities 
[d]=[a+b+c] 
4,184 
1,917 
Net cash flow from/(for) investing activities 
[e] 
(422) 
(601) 
Net cash flow from/(for) financing activities and shareholder 
transactions 
[f] 
(321) 
1,051 
Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash and cash equivalents 
[g] 
1 
- 
Net increase/(decrease) in cash 
[h]=[d+e+f+g] 
3,442 
2,367 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
  
7,958 
4,516 
 
Key Events since 30 June 2022 
Nexi - SIA - Nets Group 
On 1 July 2021, the merger of Nexi S.p.A. (Nexi) with Nets A/S was completed.  
On 31 December 2021, the merger of SIA S.p.A. (SIA) by incorporation into Nexi was completed.  
On 31 December 2021, the demerger of FSIA Investimenti S.r.l. (FSIA) was completed, through the transfer 
of assets representing 30% of FSIA, including: (i) a 17.2% stake in SIA; and (ii) the shareholder loan of Euro 
20.7 million granted by Poste to FSIA, in favour of PSIA S.r.l. (PSIA), a newly established company wholly 
owned by Poste Italiane. 
Therefore, Poste Italiane, through its subsidiary PSIA, now holds a 3.6% stake in the new Nexi. 
On 24 June 2022, the Board of Directors of Poste Italiane and the shareholders' General Meeting of PSIA 
approved the merger by incorporation of PSIA into Poste Italiane. The transaction, which provided for the 
application of the simplifications set out by the regulations on the merger of wholly owned companies, took 
effect from 1 November 2022.  
The merger is part of a corporate reorganisation, which is intended to enable Poste Italiane to directly hold 
shares in the listed company Nexi, thereby simplifying the Group's structure. 
LIS Holding S.p.A. 
On 14 September 2022, Poste Italiane, through its wholly-owned subsidiary PostePay, completed the 
acquisition of LIS Holding S.p.A. - which owns 100% of its subsidiary LIS Pay S.p.A. - (hereinafter LIS) 
from International Game Technology PLC, after having received all necessary approvals from regulators and 
competition authorities. Consistent with the announcement made on 28 February 2022, the consideration paid 
for the acquisition of 100% of the share capital of LIS amounted to Euro 700 million, including net unrestricted 
conventional cash of Euro 70 million. 
LIS, a long-standing business partner of Poste Italiane, uses a proprietary paytech platform and a highly 
qualified management team and is active in the Italian proximity payments market through a network of nearly 
54,000 affiliated points of sale, offering services including bill payments, prepaid payment cards, telco top-
ups and e-vouchers, as well as service solutions for merchants and businesses. LIS also provides integrated 
management of all merchant back-office activities and payments and merchant services to customers. In 
particular, the LIS platform supports and enables the provision of services - mainly relating to collections and 
payments - at affiliated merchants: (i) payments (postal money orders, MAV, PagoPA, etc.); (ii) collections

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
for top-ups of prepaid cards (mainly PostePay); (iii) other types of collections for services (directly or on behalf 
of third parties): telephone top-ups, digital TV services, as well as processing services related to tax mobility 
or the issuance of tax stamps; and (iv) services for retailers and businesses on the above-mentioned 
technological platform through a network of proprietary terminals. 
This transaction also consolidates PostePay's growth in the proximity payments market and strengthens its 
ability to acquire services and its SME offering, in line with the multi-channel strategy set out in the 24 SI 
Plan. In line with the integrated omni-channel strategy of the 24 SI Plan, LIS expects to consolidate PostePay's 
leadership in the payments sector and in the digital services ecosystem. 
Sourcesense S.p.A.  
On 24 June 2022, the Board of Directors of Poste Italiane approved the promotion of a cash takeover bid for 
all the shares and warrants of Sourcesense S.p.A. (Sourcesense). 
Sourcesense is a company with shares traded on the multilateral trading system Euronext Growth Milan, 
operating in the IT sector in Italy and in the United Kingdom with high expertise in the development of cloud-
native solutions, based on open-source technology. In line with the objectives of the 24 SI Plan, the transaction 
is intended to enable Poste Italiane to strengthen its internal development capacity for applications based on 
cloud and open-source technology, significantly increasing the level of internalisation of activities and 
evolving towards a “product factory” model, while limiting the use of external staff for specialist technology 
support and non-core activities. 
Following the completion of the transaction, aimed at delisting the shares and warrants, it is expected that 
Poste Italiane will hold a controlling interest in Sourcesense of 70% and that its controlling shareholders (which 
acted in collaboration with Poste Italiane in the launch of the bids) will retain a minority stake of 30%. The 
transaction envisages a consideration offered for each share of Euro 4.20 (corresponding to a premium of 
24.0% over the weighted average of Borsa Italiana's official daily prices for the last month) and a consideration 
offered for each warrant of Euro 0.78 (corresponding to a premium of 75.4% over the weighted average of 
Borsa Italiana's official daily prices for the last month). 
The consideration due to the holders of the shares and warrants offered, equal to 4.20 euros per share and 0.78 
euros per warrant respectively, was paid to the participants on 28 October 2022, against the simultaneous 
transfer of the right of ownership over such shares and warrants in favour of Poste Italiane. 
Net Insurance S.p.A. 
On 28 September 2022, Poste Vita’s board of directors approved the promotion of a wilful and absolute cash 
takeover bid on ordinary shares and warrants of Net Insurance S.p.A. (Net Insurance), in agreement with 
several shareholders. The offers will be promoted through a special purpose vehicle established in the form of 
an Italian joint stock company directly controlled by Poste Vita (BidCo). 
The consideration that will be offered for each share is 9.50 euros (corresponding to a premium of 28% of the 
weighted average daily official prices of Borsa Italiana for the past month) and the consideration that will be 
offered for each warrantis 4.81 euros (corresponding to a premium of 60% of the weighted average daily 
official prices of Borsa Italiana for the past month). 
Net Insurance, a company with shares traded on the regulated market called Euronext STAR Milan (“ESM”) 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., is an insurance company with offerings dedicated to 
insurance cover associated with the world of credit and, in particular, salary or pension-backed loans, 
protection and insurtech, thanks to agreements with technology partners. 
The transaction is aimed at acquiring control of Net Insurance by the insurance group led by Poste Vita and 
will allow it, in line with the objectives defined in the 2024 SI Plus Plan, to achieve a significant growth in the

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
P&C/protection insurance segment, through the acquisition of a majority stake in a leading company in Italy 
in that market. Specifically, Poste Vita intends to identify Net Insurance as: (i) a “centre of excellence” for the 
insurance group for insurance products related to salary and pension-backed (CQ) products and (ii) a product 
factory of reference as regards the distribution of insurance products on third-party networks, with particular 
reference to bank networks. 
The operation also seeks to establish a long-term strategic and commercial partnership with IBL Banca SpA 
(IBL), through the 40% stake that it will acquire in BidCo upon completion of the transaction, further 
strengthened by the commercial commitments of IBL aimed at a substantial increase in insurance cover 
relating to its own salary or pension-backed loans acquired from Net Insurance.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
TAXATION  
Italy 
The statements herein regarding taxation summarise the main Italian tax consequences of the purchase, the 
ownership and the disposal of the Notes. They apply to a holder of the Notes only if such holder purchases its 
Notes under this Programme. It is a general summary that does not apply to certain categories of investors 
and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to 
a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. It does not discuss every aspect of Italian taxation that 
may be relevant to a holder of the Notes and it shall not be considered nor construed as an opinion in 
connection with any information contained therein. This summary also assumes that the Issuer is resident only 
in Italy for tax purposes (without a permanent establishment abroad) and that the Issuer is organised and its 
business will be conducted as outlined in this Base Prospectus. Changes in the Issuer’s tax residence, 
organisational structure or the manner in which the Issuer conduct their business may invalidate this 
summary. 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws and/or practice in force in Italy as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law and/or practice occurring after such date, which 
changes could be made on a retroactive basis. The Issuer will not update this summary to reflect changes in 
laws and/or practice and if any such changes occur the information in this summary could become invalid. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences of their ownership of the Notes. 
Interest and other proceeds 
Notes that qualify as “obbligazioni” or “titoli similari alle obbligazioni” 
To the extent that Notes qualify as “obbligazioni” or “titoli similari alle obbligazioni”, as defined hereunder, 
interest, premium and other proceeds (including the difference between the redemption amount and the issue 
price, hereinafter collectively referred to as Interest) deriving from Notes, are subject to the tax regime 
provided for by Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended (Decree No. 239). 
In particular, Decree No. 239 applies to such notes which fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) pursuant to Article 44 of Italian Presidential 
Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as amended (Decree No. 917) (i) provided that, inter alia, they are 
issued (a) by banks, or by a company whose shares are traded on a regulated market or multilateral trading 
facility of an EU or EEA country which is included in the so called “white list” provided for by the Italian 
Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as amended and supplemented by Ministerial Decree dated 23 March 
2017, and possibly further amended by future decree issued pursuant to Article 11(4)(c) of Decree No. 239 
(White List), or (b) by economic public entities transformed in joint-stock companies by virtue of a provision 
of law (such as the Issuer), or (ii) - if issued by companies other than those mentioned above – provided that, 
inter alia, the notes themselves are traded on the mentioned regulated markets or multilateral trading facilities. 
For this purpose, debentures similar to bonds are securities, other than shares and securities similar to shares, 
that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity or redemption, an amount not lower than that 
indicated thereon and that do not allow direct or indirect participation in the management of the issuer or of 
the business in relation to which they have been issued. 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, where an Italian resident Noteholder, who is the beneficial owner of the Notes, 
is: (i) an individual not engaged in a business activity to which the Notes are effectively connected, (ii) a non-
commercial partnership or professional association, (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution (for 
undertakings for collective investment see below) or non-commercial trust, or (iv) an investor exempt from

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
Italian corporate income tax (in each case, unless the relevant Noteholder has entrusted the management of its 
financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and has opted for the so-called “Risparmio 
Gestito” regime, see under paragraph “Capital Gains”, below), Interest in respect of Notes are subject to a 
final substitute tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. (so-called imposta sostitutiva), either when Interest is paid 
or obtained by the holder upon disposal of the Notes.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities may be exempt 
from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest relating to the Notes if the Notes are 
included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets 
the requirements set forth under Italian law. 
In case the Notes are held by an Italian resident individual or non-commercial private or public institution 
(including non-commercial trusts) engaged in a business activity and are effectively connected to its business 
activity, then Interest (i) will be subject to the imposta sostitutiva on account of income tax due and (ii) will 
be included in the relevant Noteholder’s annual taxable income to be reported in the income tax return. As a 
consequence, such Interest will be subject to the ordinary income tax and the imposta sostitutiva may be 
recovered as a deduction from the income tax due.  
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is generally applied by banks, società di intermediazione 
mobiliare (SIMs), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio (SGRs), stock exchange agents and 
other entities identified by relevant decrees of the Ministry of Economics and Finance (the “Intermediaries” 
and each an “Intermediary”). 
An Intermediary must: (i) be (a) resident in Italy, (b) a permanent establishments in Italy of Intermediaries 
resident outside Italy, or (c) an entity or a company not resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised 
administration of securities and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of Italian Ministry of 
Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree 239; and (ii) intervene, in any 
way, in the collection of Interest or in the transfer of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of imposta 
sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which 
results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Notes.  
In order to apply the imposta sostitutiva, an Intermediary opens an account (the single account) to which it 
credits the imposta sostitutiva in proportion to the Interest accrued. In the event that more than one 
Intermediary participates in an investment transaction, the imposta sostitutiva in respect of the transaction is 
credited to or debited from the single account of the Intermediary having the deposit or investment 
management relationship with the investor. 
Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an Intermediary meeting the requirements 
under (i) and (ii) above, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any Italian bank or any Italian 
intermediary paying Interest to a Noteholder or by the Issuer. 
The imposta sostitutiva regime described herein does not apply in cases where the Notes are held in a 
discretionary investment portfolio managed by an authorised intermediary pursuant to the so-called 
discretionary investment portfolio regime (the “Risparmio Gestito” regime), as described under “Capital 
Gains”, below. In such a case, to the extent that the Notes and the relevant coupons are deposited in a timely 
manner directly or indirectly with an Intermediary, Interest will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva but will 
contribute to determine the annual net accrued result of the managed portfolio, which, subject to certain 
exemptions, is generally subject to an ad hoc substitute tax of 26 per cent. 
Where the Italian resident Noteholder, who is the beneficial owner of the Notes, is a corporation or a similar 
commercial entity (including commercial trusts and permanent establishments in Italy of foreign entities to 
which the Notes are effectively connected) and the Notes and the relevant coupons are deposited in a timely 
manner directly or indirectly with an Intermediary, then payments of Interest on Notes will not be subject to

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
the imposta sostitutiva, but Interest accrued on the Notes must be included in the relevant Noteholder’s annual 
corporate taxable income, subject to Italian income corporate tax (IRES), currently applying at 24 per cent. 
rate (possibly increased to 27.5 per cent. for certain categories of investors e.g. banks and certain financial 
institutions) and in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, also in the net value of 
production for the purposes of regional tax on productive activities (IRAP) generally applying at the rate of 
3.9 per cent (IRAP applies at different rates for certain categories of investors, e.g. banks, financial institutions 
and insurance companies and, in any case, can be increased or decreased by regional laws). 
If an investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or a closed-ended investment fund (other than a real 
estate fund), a SICAF (an investment company with fixed capital, other than a real estate SICAF) or a SICAV 
(an investment company with variable capital) established in Italy (the Funds), and either (i) the Funds or (ii) 
their manager are subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority, and the Notes are held by an authorised 
intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding period on the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, 
but must be included in the management results of the Funds accrued at the end of each tax period. The Funds 
will not be subject to taxation on such result, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. may apply, in certain 
circumstances, to distributions made in favour of certain categories of unitholders or shareholders or in case 
of redemption or sale of the units or shares in the Funds (the Collective Investment Fund Tax). The above 
described regime of exemption, applicable to the Funds, should also apply to Italian real estate investment 
funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 and Article 14-bis 
of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 and Italian real estate SICAFs (the Real Estate Investment Funds). A 
withholding tax may apply in certain circumstances at a rate up to 26 per cent. on distributions made by the 
Real Estate Investment Funds to certain categories of unitholders or shareholders and, in certain cases, a tax 
transparency regime may apply in respect of certain categories of investors, owning more than 5 per cent. of 
the Italian Real Estate Investment Fund’s units or shares. 
Where an investor is an Italian pension fund subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of Legislative 
Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005 (the Pension Funds) and the Notes are deposited in a timely manner 
directly or indirectly with an Intermediary, then Interest on Notes will not be subject to the imposta sostitutiva, 
but will be included in the results of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the relevant tax period which 
will be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period 
requirement) and limitations, Interest relating to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 
per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale 
di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set under Italian law.  
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Interest relating to Notes may be exempt from taxation with respect to certain beneficial owners of the Notes 
resident outside of Italy, without permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected. 
In particular, pursuant to Decree No. 239, subject to timely compliance with all the requirements and 
procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules, as outlined in brief below, an 
exemption applies to any non-Italian resident beneficial owner of the Notes (certain types of institutional 
investors are deemed to be beneficial owners by operation of law) who is: (i) resident, for tax purposes, in a 
country included in the White List or (ii) an international body or entity set up in accordance with international 
agreements entered into force in Italy; or (iii) a central bank or an entity also authorised to manage the official 
reserves of a state; or (iv) an institutional investor which is resident or established in a country included in the 
White List, even if it does not possess the status of taxpayer in its own country of residence or establishment. 
The exemption procedure for non-Italian resident Noteholders to ensure payment of Interest in respect of the 
Notes without application of the imposta sostitutiva identifies two categories of Intermediaries: 
(a) 
an Italian or foreign bank or financial institution (there is no requirement for the bank or financial 
institution to be EU resident) (the First Level Bank), acting as intermediary in the deposit of the Notes 
and the relevant coupons held, directly or indirectly, by the Noteholder with a Second Level Bank (as

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
defined below) and which has no direct connection with the Department of Revenue of the Ministry 
of Economics and Finance; and  
(b) 
an Italian resident bank or SIM, or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident bank or SIM, 
acting as depositary or sub-depositary of the Notes appointed to maintain direct relationships, via 
telematic link, with the Italian tax authorities (the Second Level Bank). Organizations and companies 
non-resident in Italy, providing a centralised administration of securities and directly connected with 
the Department of Revenue of the Ministry of Economics and Finance (which include Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg) are treated as Second Level Banks, provided that they appoint an Italian 
representative (an Italian resident bank or SIM, or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident 
bank or SIM, or a central depositary of financial instruments pursuant to Article 80 of the Consolidated 
Financial Act) for the purposes of the application of Decree No. 239. 
In the event that a non-Italian resident Noteholder deposits the Notes and the relevant coupons directly with a 
Second Level Bank, the latter shall be treated both as a First Level Bank and a Second Level Bank. 
The exemption from the imposta sostitutiva for Noteholders who are not resident in Italy is conditional upon: 
(i) 
the timely deposit of the Notes and the coupons relating thereto, either directly or indirectly, with an 
institution which qualifies as a Second Level Bank; and 
(ii) 
the submission to the First Level Bank or the Second Level Bank, as the case may be, of a statement 
(autocertificazione) of the relevant Noteholder, to be provided only once, in which it declares, inter 
alia, to be the beneficial owner of the Notes and that it is resident in a country included in the White 
List. Such statement must comply with the requirements set forth by the Italian Ministerial Decree 
dated 12 December 2001, is valid until withdrawn or revoked (unless some information provided 
therein has changed) and needs not to be submitted where a certificate, declaration or other similar 
document meant for equivalent uses was previously submitted to the same depository. Specific 
requirements are provided for “institutional investors” (see Circular No. 23/E of 1 March 2002 and 
No. 20/E of 27 March 2003). The above statement is not requested for non-Italian resident investors 
that are international bodies or entities set up in accordance with international agreements entered into 
force in Italy or central banks or entities also authorised to manage the official reserves of a State. 
The First Level Bank is obliged to send the above statement to the Second Level Bank within 15 days from 
receipt. 
The Second Level Bank files the data relating to the non-resident Noteholder together with the data relating to 
the First Level Bank and of the transactions carried out, via telematic link, to the Italian tax authorities within 
the first transmission period after receipt of such data. Transmission periods are two-week periods per month 
during which the Second Level Bank transmits to the Italian Tax Authorities data relating to Note transactions 
carried out during the preceding month. The Italian Tax Authorities monitor and control such data and any 
discrepancies thereof. 
In case of failure by a non-resident Noteholder without permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes 
are effectively connected to comply with the above exemption procedure, the imposta sostitutiva will apply on 
Interest payable to that Noteholder pursuant to the ordinary rules applicable for the payment of the imposta 
sostitutiva. 
In this case, the imposta sostitutiva may be reduced (generally to 10 per cent.) or reduced to zero under certain 
applicable double tax treaties entered into by Italy, if more favourable, subject to timely filing of required 
documentation.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
Capital Gains 
1. 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, as amended (Decree No. 461), where 
an Italian resident Noteholder, who is the beneficial owner of the Notes, is: (i) an individual not 
engaged in a business activity to which the Notes are effectively connected, (ii) a non-commercial 
partnership or professional association, (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution (for 
undertakings for collective investment see below) or non-commercial trust, , any capital gain realised 
by such Noteholder from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be subject to the Italian capital 
gains tax (the CGT). The rate of the CGT is 26 per cent. Under certain conditions, Noteholders may 
set off any capital losses with their capital gains. 
For the purposes of determining the taxable capital gain, any Interest on the Notes accrued and unpaid 
up to the time of, respectively, the purchase and the sale of the Notes must be deducted both from the 
purchase price and the sale price. 
Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above can opt for one of the three following regimes: 
(i) 
pursuant to the tax return regime (Regime della Dichiarazione), the Noteholder will have to 
assess the overall capital gains realised in a given fiscal year, net of any relevant incurred 
capital losses, in his annual income tax return and pay the CGT due on capital gains so 
assessed together with the income tax due for the same fiscal year. Capital losses exceeding 
capital gains can be carried forward to offset capital gains of the same kind in the following 
fiscal years up to the fourth. However, as such regime constitutes the ordinary regime, the 
Noteholder must apply it whenever he does not opt for any of the two other regimes; 
(ii) 
pursuant to the non-discretionary investment portfolio regime (Risparmio Amministrato 
regime), the Noteholder may elect to pay the CGT separately on capital gains realised on each 
sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes. Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed 
subject to (i) the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or other authorised 
intermediaries and (ii) an express election for the Risparmio Amministrato regime being 
timely made in writing by the relevant Noteholder. The Risparmio Amministrato lasts for the 
entire fiscal year and unless revoked prior to the end of such fiscal year will also be deemed 
valid for the subsequent fiscal year. The intermediary is responsible for accounting for the 
CGT in respect of capital gains realised on each sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes. The 
intermediary is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities by the 16th 
day of the second month following the month in which the CGT is applied, by deducting a 
corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder. Where a particular 
sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes results in a net loss, the intermediary is entitled to 
deduct such loss from gains subsequently realised on assets held by the Noteholder with the 
same intermediary within the same relationship of deposit, in the same fiscal year or in the 
following fiscal years up to the fourth. The Noteholder is not required to declare the gains in 
its annual income tax return; and 
(iii) 
pursuant to the discretionary investment portfolio regime (Risparmio Gestito regime), if the 
Notes are part of a portfolio managed by an Italian asset management company, capital gains 
will not be subject to the CGT, but will contribute to determine the annual net accrued result 
of the portfolio. Said annual net accrued result of the portfolio, even if not realised, is subject 
to an ad-hoc 26 per cent. substitute tax to be applied on behalf of the Noteholder by the asset 
management company. Any net capital losses of the investment portfolio accrued at year-end 
may be carried forward and offset against future net profits accrued in each of the following 
fiscal years up to the fourth one. Under such regime the Noteholder is not required to declare 
the capital gains in its annual income tax return.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from Italian capital gain taxes, 
including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes, if the 
Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements set forth under Italian law. 
2. 
Corporate investors (including banks and insurance companies) 
Capital gains realised by Italian resident corporate entities (including a permanent establishment in 
Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are effectively connected) on sale, transfer or redemption 
of the Notes will form part of their aggregate income subject to IRES, at the rate specified above (see 
Interest and other proceeds above). In certain cases (depending on the status of the Noteholder), 
capital gains are also included in the taxable net value of production of Italian resident corporate 
entities (including a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are 
effectively connected) for IRAP purposes, at the rate specified above (see Interest and other proceeds 
above). The gains are calculated as the difference between the sale price and the relevant tax basis of 
the Notes. Upon fulfilment of certain conditions, the gains may be taxed in equal instalments over up 
to five fiscal years for IRES purposes. 
3. 
The Funds 
In case of Notes held by Funds, capital gains on the Notes are not taxable at the level of such Funds. 
The Collective Investment Fund Tax may apply upon: (i) distribution by the Funds; or (ii) redemption 
or disposal of the units / shares or liquidation of the Fund.  
4. 
The Pension Funds 
In case of Notes held by Italian Pension Funds, capital gains on the Notes will contribute to determine 
the annual net accrued result of same Pension Funds, which is generally subject to a 20 per cent. 
substitute tax (see also Interest and other proceeds above). Subject to certain conditions (including 
minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains on the Notes may be excluded 
from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements set forth under Italian law. 
5. 
The Real Estate Investment Funds 
Capital gains on Notes are not taxable at the level of Real Estate Investment Funds. A withholding tax 
may apply in certain circumstances at a rate up to 26 per cent. on distributions made by the Real Estate 
Investment Funds. (see also Interest and other proceeds above). Subject to certain conditions, 
depending on the status of the investor and percentage of participation, income of the Real Estate Fund 
is subject to taxation in the hands of the unitholder or the shareholder regardless of any actual 
distribution on a tax transparency basis. 
6. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
The CGT may in certain circumstances be payable on any capital gains realised upon sale, transfer or 
redemption of the Notes by non-Italian resident individuals and corporations without a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, if the Notes are held in Italy.  
However, any capital gains realised by non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected through the sale for consideration or redemption of 
the Notes are exempt from taxation in Italy to the extent that the Notes are traded on a regulated market 
in Italy or abroad, subject to timely filing of required documentation (in the form of a self-declaration

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
- autocertificazione - of non-residence in Italy) with Italian qualified intermediaries (or permanent 
establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) with which the Notes are deposited, even if the Notes 
are held in Italy and regardless of the provisions of any applicable double tax treaty. The Italian tax 
authorities have clarified that the notion of multilateral trading facility (MTF) under EU Directive 
2014/65/CE (so called MiFID II) can be assimilated to that of “regulated market” for income tax 
purposes; conversely, organized trading facilities (OTF) cannot be assimilated to “regulated market” 
for Italian income tax purposes. 
Where the Notes are not listed on a regulated market in Italy or abroad: 
(a) 
pursuant to the provisions of Decree No. 461, non-Italian resident Noteholders with no 
permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected are exempt 
from taxation in Italy on any capital gains realised upon sale for consideration or redemption 
of the Notes if they are the beneficial owners of the capital gain (certain types of institutional 
investors are deemed to be beneficial owners by operation of law) and are (i) resident, for tax 
purposes, in a country included in the White List - see Interest and other proceeds above; or 
(ii) international entities or bodies set up in accordance with international agreements ratified 
in Italy; or (iii) central banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a 
foreign State; or (iv) institutional investors established in a country included in the White List, 
even they do not possess the status of a taxpayer in their own country of establishment, in any 
case, to the extent all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the 
relevant implementation rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the 
exemption from imposta sostitutiva are met or complied with in due time, if applicable. In 
order to obtain the exemption, the self-certificate form provided under Article 7 (2) Decree 
No. 239 can be used. In this case, if the non Italian Noteholders have opted for the risparmio 
amministrato regime or the risparmio gestito regime, exemption from Italian capital gains tax 
will apply upon condition that they file in due course with the authorised financial 
intermediary an appropriate self-declaration (autocertificazione) stating that they meet the 
requirements indicated above; 
(b) 
in any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected that may benefit from a double taxation 
treaty with Italy providing that capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of Notes are to 
be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the recipient, to the extent the relevant 
procedural requirements are timely complied with, will not be subject to taxation in Italy on 
any capital gains realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of the Notes. 
In these circumstances, if non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are effectively connected are subject to the Risparmio Amministrato regime or opt for the 
Risparmio Gestito regime, exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains will generally apply on 
condition that they file in time with the authorised financial intermediary appropriate documents which 
include, inter alia, a statement from the competent tax authorities of the country of residence of the 
non-Italian residents. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law No. 346 of 31 October 1990 and Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, as subsequently 
amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including the Notes) as a result of gift, donation or succession of 
Italian residents and non-Italian residents (but in such latter case limited to assets held within the Italian 
territory – which, for presumption of law, includes bonds issued by Italian resident issuers) are subject to 
Italian inheritance and gift taxes as follows: 
(i) 
transfers to spouse and to direct relatives: 4 per cent. of the value of the notes exceeding Euro 1 million 
for each beneficiary;

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
(ii) 
transfers to brothers and sisters: 6 per cent. of the value of the notes exceeding Euro 100,000 for each 
beneficiary; 
(iii) 
transfers to relatives (parenti) within the fourth degree, to direct relatives in law (affini in linea retta), 
indirect relatives in law (affini in linea collaterale) within the third degree other than the relatives 
indicated above: 6 per cent. of the value of the notes;  
(iv) 
other transfers: 8 per cent. of the value of the notes. 
If the heir/beneficiary is affected by an handicap deemed as “critical” pursuant to Law No. 104 of 5 February 
1992, inheritance and gift taxes apply only to the value of assets (net of liabilities) exceeding Euro 1,500,000. 
The mortis causa transfers of financial instruments included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine), that meets the requirements set forth under Italian law, are exempt 
from inheritance taxes. 
Transfer tax and stamp duty (bollo) and Wealth Tax (IVAFE) 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds and 
notarised deeds (atti pubblici e scritture private autenticate) executed in Italy should be subject to fixed 
registration tax at rate of Euro 200; (ii) private deeds (scritture private non autenticate) should be subject to 
registration tax at rate of Euro 200 only in case of use or voluntary registration. 
Pursuant to Article 13(2-ter) of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972, as 
amended (Decree 642), a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting 
communications which may be sent by an Italian based financial intermediary to its clients in respect of any 
financial product and instrument (including the Notes) which may be deposited with such financial 
intermediary in Italy.  The stamp duty is collected by the Italian resident financial intermediaries and applies 
at a rate of 0.2 per cent. and cannot exceed Euro 14,000 for taxpayers other than individuals.  This stamp duty 
is determined on the basis of the market value or, if no market value figure is available, on the basis of face 
value or redemption value, or in the case the face or redemption values cannot be determined, on the basis of 
purchase value of the financial assets held. 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, including with respect to the instruments for which it 
is not mandatory the deposit, the release or the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods of less 
than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable on a pro-rata basis. 
Pursuant to the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 24 May 2012, 
the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy 
on 29 July 2009, as subsequently amended, supplemented and restated) of an entity that exercises in any form 
a banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory. 
Stamp duty applies both to Italian resident and to non-Italian resident investors, to the extent that the relevant 
securities (including the Notes) are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary (and not directly held by 
the investor outside Italy), in which case Italian wealth tax (see below) applies to Italian resident Noteholders 
only. 
In accordance with Article 19 of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, converted with amendments by Law 
No. 214 of 22 December 2011, as amended, individuals, non-commercial entities and certain partnerships 
(società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) resident in Italy for 
tax purposes holding financial products – including the Notes – outside of the Italian territory are required to 
declare in their own annual tax return and pay a wealth tax at the rate of 0.2 per cent. (IVAFE).  For taxpayers 
other than individuals, IVAFE cannot exceed Euro 14,000 per year.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
The tax applies on the market value at the end of the relevant year (or, if earlier, at the end of the holding 
period) or – in the lack of the market value – on the basis of face value or redemption value, or in the case the 
face or redemption values cannot be determined, on the basis of purchase value of the financial assets held 
outside of the Italian territory.  Taxpayers can generally deduct from the tax a tax credit equal to any wealth 
taxes paid in the State where the financial products are held (up to the amount of the Italian wealth tax due). 
Financial assets (including the Notes) held abroad are excluded from the scope of IVAFE if they are 
administered by Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement and the items of 
income derived from such instruments have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries. In this case, the 
above mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the Tariff attached to Decree 642 does apply. 
Tax Monitoring Obligations 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, as subsequently amended and supplemented, individuals, 
non-commercial entities and certain partnerships (in particular, società semplici or similar partnerships in 
accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) resident in Italy for tax purposes, that during the year hold 
investments abroad or have financial foreign assets by means of which income of foreign source can be accrued 
must, in some circumstances, disclose the aforesaid and related investments and foreign assets to the Italian 
tax authorities in their income tax return (or, in case the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that 
must be filed within the same time as prescribed for the income tax return). The requirement applies also where 
the persons above, being not the direct holders of the financial assets, are the actual economic owners thereof 
for the purposes of anti-money laundering legislation (which is applied for tax monitoring obligations purposes 
with certain adjustments).The disclosure requirements are not due if, inter alia, the foreign financial 
investments (including the Notes) (i) are held through an Italian resident intermediary upon condition that the 
items of income derived from the Notes are subject to tax by the same intermediary or (ii) are only composed 
by deposits and/or bank accounts having an aggregate value not exceeding an Euro 15,000 threshold 
throughout the year.  
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. Except for the activities relating to BancoPosta (which is subject to supervision by the Bank of 
Italy), the Issuer does not expect to be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements 
with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. The IGA between Italy and the United States has been ratified in Italy by Law no. 95 of 18 June 
2015, entered into force on 8 July 2015, which has been implemented by specific regulations issued by the 
Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance. 
Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would 
generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects 
of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether 
withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which 
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal 
tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
“grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date.  However, if

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
additional Notes that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA.In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the 
withholding. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Notes.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement dated 16 December 2022 (as modified and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement), agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which 
they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes.  Any such agreement will extend to those 
matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. In the Programme 
Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with this 
and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the 
Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. In the Programme Agreement the 
Dealers may agree to subscribe for Notes at their Issue Price less a commission. The Programme Agreement 
may provide that the obligations of the Dealers to subscribe for Notes are subject to certain conditions 
precedent. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, 
or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act or any securities laws of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the Code) and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms 
will identify whether United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor provision in 
substantially similar form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (the TEFRA C Rules) 
or United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor provision in substantially similar 
form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (the TEFRA D Rules) apply or whether 
TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes (a) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the Issue Date 
(the Resale Restriction Termination Date), within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes prior to the Resale Restriction 
Termination Date a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of 
such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements under the 
Securities Act.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
France  
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that it undertakes to comply with applicable 
French laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the 
distribution in France of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified as “Not 
Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, 
and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Italian Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la 
Borsa (CONSOB) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each of the Dealers has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any 
other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:  
a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2, paragraph 1, letter e), of 
the Prospectus Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998, as amended (the Financial Services Act) and CONSOB regulations; or  
b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended 
from time to time, and in accordance with any applicable Italian laws and regulations.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be made in compliance with the selling restriction under 
paragraph (a) or (b) above and must be made:  
(i) by soggetti abilitati (including investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries), as defined by Article 
1, first paragraph, letter r), of the Financial Services Act, permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Financial Services Act, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 
385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the Banking Act) and any other applicable laws and regulations; 
and  
(ii) in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the 
Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, issued on 25 August 2015 and amended on 10 August 2016 
and on 2 November 2020, as further amended from time to time) and/or any other competent authority. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 
5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), 
or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of 
Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in 
Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) 
of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise 
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Switzerland 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading 
venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering 
or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or 
otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision, the expression retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of the following: 
i. 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
ii. 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
iii. 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a Relevant State), each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public 
in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State:  
a. 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;  
b. 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
c. 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in 
any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision, the expression retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of the following:  
i. 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
ii. 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
iii. 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms in 
relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom, except that the Notes may be offered to the public in the 
United Kingdom at any time:  
a. 
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation;  
b. 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined under Article 2 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
c. 
in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in 
the United Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and any Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
for the Notes and the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers 
shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 1 
July 2014. The Issuer will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Listing, Approval and Admission to Trading of Notes 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated 
market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU). 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or further stock exchanges, markets 
or quotation systems agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which 
are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges, quotation systems and/or markets. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection or collection during normal business hours at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent for the time being in Luxembourg: 
(a) 
the by-laws (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in 
definitive form, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus, any supplements to this Base Prospectus, any future base prospectus 
relating to the Programme and any documents incorporated herein or therein by reference; 
(d) 
any Final Terms relating to Notes which are either admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area or offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(e) 
any Final Terms relating to any other Notes (but any such Final Terms will be available only to holders 
of those Notes and subject to any such holder producing evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the 
Principal Paying Agent of its holding of Notes and of identity).  
In addition: 
(i) 
copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant may be provided by email to a Noteholder 
following their prior written request to any Paying Agents and provision of proof of holding and 
identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent);  
(ii) 
copies of the documents (a), (c) and (d) above can be viewed on the Issuer’s website 
(www.posteitaliane.it); and

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus will remain publicly available in electronic form for at least ten years 
after its publication on the websites referred to in paragraphs 2 and 6 of Article 21 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the 
Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium 
and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Group since 30 September 
2022 and no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 
2021. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed under paragraph “Litigation” in the Description of the Issuer, neither the Issuer nor any other 
member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding 
the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, prepared 
in accordance with IFRS, were audited, without qualification and in accordance with generally accepted 
auditing standards in Italy, by Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., independent registered public accounting firm, as set 
forth in their reports thereon and included therein, and incorporated by reference herein.  
The unaudited interim report of the Issuer as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2022 was subject to the 
limited review of Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. which has been appointed as auditor of the Issuer for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2020 onwards. Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. is registered under No. 132587 in the 
Register of Accountancy Auditors (Registro dei Revisori Legali), held by the Ministry of Economy and 
Finance, in compliance with the provisions of the Legislative Decree of 27 January 2010, No. 39. Deloitte & 
Touche S.p.A., which is located at Via Tortona 25, 20144, Milan, Italy, is also a member of ASSIREVI, the 
Italian association of auditing firms. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates (including parent companies) have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in lending, advisory, corporate finance sevices, in investment banking and/or commercial banking

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business 
and/or for companies involved directly or indirectly in the sector in which the Issuer and/or its affiliates 
operate, and for which such Dealers have received or may receive customary fees, commissions, 
reimbursement of expenses and indemnification. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, 
the Dealers and their affiliates (including parent companies) may make or hold a broad array of investments 
and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Certain of the Dealers 
may also have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives 
and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer 
and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, 
or other trading activities. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions 
for these transactions. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of 
the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. The Dealers and/or their affiliates may receive allocations of the Notes (subject 
to customary closing conditions), which could affect future trading of the Notes. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates (including parent companies) that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers 
and their affiliates (including parent companies) would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, 
including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates (including parent 
companies) may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views 
in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. In addition, please note that:  
- on 11 April 2018, the Issuer and Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. signed a framework agreement for the distribution 
of selected products and services of the two groups through a range of non-exclusive specific agreements with 
the aim of expanding both entities’ product offering to their customers; and 
- during the course of 2020, the Issuer and UniCredit S.p.A. (parent company of UniCredit Bank AG) started 
on an operative basis the partnerships in the consumer credit market. 
Issue Price and Yield 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the Programme 
will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the method of determining the price and the 
process for its disclosure will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a 
Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest 
commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, 
if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) 
to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the relevant 
issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
 
ISSUER 
Poste Italiane S.p.A. 
Viale Europa, 190 
00144 Rome 
Italy 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law and Italian law 
Gianni & Origoni 
6-8 Tokenhouse Yard 
Piazza Belgioioso, 2 
Via delle Quattro Fontane, 20 
London EC2R 7AS 
20121 Milan 
00184 Rome 
United Kingdom 
Italy  
Italy 
To the Dealers as to English law and Italian law 
Allen & Overy – Studio Legale Associato 
Via Ansperto, 5 
Corso Vittorio Emanuele II, 284 
20121 Milan 
00186 Rome 
Italy 
Italy 
AUDITORS 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. 
Via Tortona 25 
20144 Milan 
Italy 
 
JOINT ARRANGERS 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17  
Via Manzoni 4 
60329 Frankfurt am Main  
20121 Milano 
Germany  
Italy

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n  
28660, Boadilla del Monte  
Madrid 
Spain 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Dublin 2 D02RF29 
One Molesworth Street  
Ireland 
 
 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
51 rue La Boétie 
75009 Paris 
75008 Paris 
France 
France 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Reuterweg 16 
Citigroup Centre 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Canada Square 
Germany 
Canary Wharf 
 
London E14 5LB 
 
United Kingdom 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A.  
12, Place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052 
Calle de Ayala 42  
92547 Montrouge CEDEX  
28001 Madrid  
France  
Spain  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Goldman Sachs International  
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17  
Plumtree Court  
60329 Frankfurt am Main  
25 Shoe Lane  
Germany  
London EC4A 4AU 
 
United Kingdom  
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
38, avenue Kléber 
Via Manzoni 4 
75116 Paris 
20121 Milan 
France 
Italy 
ING Bank N.V. 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Foppingadreef 7 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm)  
1102 BD Amsterdam 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
The Netherlands 
Germany 
 
 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
25 Cabot Square 
20121 Milan 
Canary Wharf 
Italy 
London E14 4QA 
 
United Kingdom

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
Natixis 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th FloorZuidplein 98  
7 promenade Germaine Sablon 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
75013 Paris 
The Netherlands 
France 
 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
NatWest Markets Plc 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
250 Bishopsgate 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
London EC2M 4AA 
The Netherlands 
United Kingdom 
Nomura International plc 
Société Générale 
1 Angel Lane 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
London EC4R 3AB 
75009 Paris 
United Kingdom 
France 
 
 
UBS Europe SE 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4, 
Arabellastrasse 12 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg