--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
Powszechna Kasa Oszczędności Bank Polski S.A. 
(incorporated as a joint-stock company in the Republic of Poland) 
EUR 4,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this EUR 4,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Powszechna 
Kasa Oszczędności Bank Polski S.A. (the Issuer or the Bank) may from time to time issue notes 
(the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined 
below). 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively Bearer Notes and Registered Notes).  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under 
the Programme will not exceed EUR 4,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview 
of the Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by 
the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or 
on an ongoing basis.  References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of 
an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers 
agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of 
these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du 
Secteur Financier (the CSSF), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the Prospectus Regulation).  The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Approval 
by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes.  
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  By approving 
this Base Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of 
the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer.  
The Issuer has requested the CSSF to provide the competent authority of the Republic of Poland with 
a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on

--- Page 2 ---
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  Applications may also be made for such Notes 
to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Warsaw Stock Exchange (WSE). 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that 
such Notes have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and 
have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or have been admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the WSE.  Each of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and the WSE is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended, MiFID II). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for a period 
of 12 months after its approval in relation to Notes which are admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) and, accordingly, ceases to be valid from 20 
December 2023, at the latest.  The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue 
price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the Final 
Terms) which will be filed with the CSSF.  
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  Copies of Final Terms 
in relation to Notes to be listed on the WSE will also be published on the website of the WSE 
(www.gpw.pl). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such 
other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  
The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act) or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States 
or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in 
accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
The Issuer has been rated A3 (stable) by Moody's Investors Service Cyprus Ltd. (Moody's).  The senior 
unsecured rating for the Programme from Moody's is (P)A3.  The senior non-preferred rating for the 
Programme from Moody's is (P)Baa3. 
Moody's is established in the EEA and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the CRA Regulation).  As such, Moody's is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published 
by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.  Moody's is not established in the United Kingdom (UK) but ratings issued by Moody's 
will be endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Limited which is established in the UK and registered 
in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue 
of the European Union Withdrawal Act 2018 (the EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation).  As such, 
the ratings issued by Moody's may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by the rating agency referred to above.  
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not

--- Page 3 ---
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by the relevant rating agency.  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of EURIBOR, WIBOR, 
SOFR or SONIA as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the administrators of EURIBOR and WIBOR are included in ESMA's register of administrators under 
Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) but not the register 
of administrators of the FCA under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation). and, together with the EU 
Benchmarks Regulations the Benchmarks Regulations).  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the administrators of SONIA and SOFR are not included in such registers. As far as the Issuer is aware, 
under Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation, 
the administrator of SONIA, the Bank of England and the administrator of SOFR, the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, are not required to obtain authorisation or registration as of the date of Base 
Prospectus. 
Notice to persons affiliated with the Issuer: Persons affiliated with the Issuer, within the meaning of 
Article 11a(1)(4) of the CIT Act dated 15 February 1992 (the CIT Act) and Article 23m(1)(4) of 
the Personal Income Tax Act dated 26 July 1991 (the PIT Act), that hold, jointly with other affiliated 
persons, more than 10 per cent. of the nominal value of the Notes do not benefit from the exemption 
from Polish corporate income tax provided by Article 17(1)(50c) of the CIT Act and personal income 
tax provided by Article 21(1)(130c) of the PIT Act, as described under "Taxation" below. 
Arranger and Dealer 
Powszechna Kasa Oszczędności Bank Polski S.A. 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 20 December 2022.

--- Page 4 ---
i 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme for 
the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.  When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme.  To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (having 
taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
The Issuer confirms that any information which has been extracted from an external source has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
in it by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference").  This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability 
is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated 
in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme.  
No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes.  Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer.  Neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any 
Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to 
subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct 
as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.  The Dealers expressly 
do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme 
or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
STABILISATION – In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting 
as the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable

--- Page 5 ---
ii 
 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes 
at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier 
of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area (EEA).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation.  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK.  
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of  the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of 
the EUWA.  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend 
entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing 
for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a

--- Page 6 ---
iii 
 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.  
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions.  
The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any 
Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any 
such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended 
to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action 
for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.  
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and 
observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes.  In 
particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the 
United States, the EEA (including Belgium and Poland), the United Kingdom and Japan, see "Subscription and 
Sale". 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have the 
meaning attributed to them in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or any other section of this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined below:  
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
 
U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars; 
 
złoty, PLN and zł refer to Polish złoty;  
 
UAH and hryvna refer to Ukrainian hryvna; and 
 
euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
References to a billion are to a thousand million. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown 
as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 7 ---
iv 
 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must determine 
the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential investor may wish 
to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; 
and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments 
for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its 
purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 8 ---
1 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
Important information .............................................................................................................................. i 
Overview of the Programme ................................................................................................................... 2 
Risk Factors ............................................................................................................................................ 7 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ................................................................................................. 35 
Form of the Notes ................................................................................................................................. 37 
Applicable Final Terms ......................................................................................................................... 41 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ....................................................................................................... 56 
Use of Proceeds................................................................................................................................... 119 
Selected financial information of the Issuer and overview of the Group's financial condition .......... 120 
Description of the Group .................................................................................................................... 125 
Taxation .............................................................................................................................................. 163 
Subscription and Sale .......................................................................................................................... 175 
General Information ............................................................................................................................ 180

--- Page 9 ---
2 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may 
agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, 
in which event and if appropriate, a new Base Prospectus will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall 
have the same meanings in this Overview. 
 
Issuer: 
Powszechna Kasa Oszczędności Bank Polski S.A. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
P4GTT6GF1W40CVIMFR43 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil 
its 
obligations 
under 
Notes 
issued 
under 
the Programme.  In addition, there are certain factors which 
are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme and risks 
relating to the structure of a particular Series of Notes issued 
under the Programme.  All of these are set out under "Risk 
Factors". 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Powszechna Kasa Oszczędności Bank Polski S.A. 
Dealers: 
Powszechna Kasa Oszczędności Bank Polski S.A. 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with 
the Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time 
to time (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
Programme Size: 
Up to EUR 4,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described in the Programme 
Agreement) outstanding at any time.  The Issuer may increase 
the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms 
of the Programme Agreement.

--- Page 10 ---
3 
 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private placement or 
more widely and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, 
notes may be denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, yen 
and any other currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in either bearer or registered form as 
described in "Form of the Notes".  Registered Notes will not 
be exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant 
Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating either the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
(as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA), and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series), or the 
latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions (as published by ISDA as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.

--- Page 11 ---
4 
 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each 
Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, 
a minimum interest rate or both. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event or Benchmark Transition 
Event (as applicable) occurs, such that any rate of interest 
(or any component part thereof) cannot be determined by 
reference to the original benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) specified in the applicable Final Terms, then 
the Issuer may (subject to certain conditions) be permitted to 
substitute such benchmark and/or screen rate (as applicable) 
with a successor, replacement or alternative benchmark 
and/or screen rate (with consequent amendment to the terms 
of such Series of Notes and the application of an adjustment 
spread (which could be positive, negative or zero)). See 
Condition 6.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) for further 
information. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the 
relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity (other than for taxation reasons or following an 
Event of Default (in respect of Ordinary Notes that are not 
Senior MREL Notes) or (in respect of Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes only) a Capital Disqualification Event or (where 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or 
Senior 
Subordinated 
Notes, 
only) 
an 
MREL 
Disqualification Event) or that such Notes will be redeemable 
at the option of the Issuer and/or, in the case of Ordinary 
Senior Notes only, the Noteholders upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or 
dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or 
prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms.   
 
Notes may be redeemed prior to their original maturity only 
in compliance with Applicable Banking Regulations 
(as defined in Condition 3.5 (Definitions)) then in force and, 
with the consent of the Competent Authority or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, as applicable. 
Substitution and Variation: 
If Substitution and Variation is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being applicable (other than in respect of any 
Ordinary Senior Notes that are not Senior MREL Notes) if at 
any time (i) (in respect of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) a 
Capital Disqualification Event occurs or (ii) (in respect of

--- Page 12 ---
5 
 
Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Subordinated Notes where MREL Disqualification Event is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) an 
MREL Disqualification Event occurs, or (iii) a circumstance 
giving rise to the right of the Issuer to redeem the Notes for 
taxation reasons under Condition 8.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons) occurs and is continuing, or to ensure the 
effectiveness of the enforceability of Condition 21 
(Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), 
the Issuer may either substitute all (but not some only) of the 
Notes for, or modify the terms of the Notes accordingly, 
provided that they remain or, as appropriate, so that they 
become, Qualifying Notes. See Condition 12 (Substitution 
and variation). 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that 
the minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, and 
save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be 
€100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than euro, the equivalent amounts in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by 
any Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 9 (Taxation).  
In the event that any such deduction is made, the Issuer will, 
save in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 9 
(Taxation), be required to pay additional amounts to cover the 
amounts so deducted (in respect of interest only, in respect of 
Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior 
Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes). 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge 
provision as further described in Condition 4 (Negative 
Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Ordinary Senior Notes that are not Senior 
MREL Notes only will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes may be either Ordinary Senior Notes (which may be 
Senior MREL Notes), Senior Non Preferred Notes, Senior 
Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, as more 
fully described in Condition 3 (Status of the Notes) and all as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rating: 
The senior unsecured rating for the Programme from Moody's 
is (P)A3.  The senior non-preferred rating for the Programme 
from Moody's is (P)Baa3.  Series of Notes issued under the 
Programme may be rated or unrated.  Where a Series of Notes 
is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final

--- Page 13 ---
6 
 
Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
assigned to the Programme.  A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this 
document as a base prospectus.  Application has also been 
made for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated 
market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange.  Applications may also be made for Notes 
issued under the Programme to be listed on the WSE. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, 
if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, English law, except for 
conditions 3 (Status of the Notes), 21 (Acknowledgment of 
Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers) and 22 (Recognition of 
Stay Powers) which will be governed by Polish law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Belgium and 
Poland), the United Kingdom and Japan and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering 
and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription 
and Sale". 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 14 ---
7 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be 
unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of factors which 
individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due.  It is not 
possible to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer 
may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material 
may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control.  The Issuer 
has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its 
business and ability to make payments due.   
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks relating to the Bank's business activity and industry 
The regulatory intervention concerning borrowers under mortgage loans may have an adverse effect 
on the Group's financial condition 
The Monetary Policy Council (in Polish: Rada Polityki Pieniężnej) has recently increased the Polish 
reference rates several times and as of the date of this Prospectus the main reference rate is 6.75 per 
cent.  According to the Polish Banking Association (in Polish: Związek Banków Polskich), the interest 
rate on the vast majority of mortgage loans is a floating interest rate, being the sum of WIBOR and an 
applicable margin.  WIBOR reflects the changes in the main reference rate so the reference rate increase 
led to an increase of interest rates under the mortgage loans.   
To alleviate the effect the increased interest rates may have on the financial condition of households, 
the Polish government submitted to the Polish parliament a draft Act on Crowdfunding and Supporting 
Borrowers (in Polish: Ustawa o finansowaniu społecznościowym dla przedsięwzięć gospodarczych i 
pomocy kredytobiorcom, the Act on Supporting Borrowers).  The Act on Supporting Borrowers came 
into force on 29 July 2022. 
The Act on Supporting Borrowers: (i) introduces the possibility for the borrowers to suspend the 
repayment of mortgage loan instalments, (ii) imposes obligation on banks to pay an additional 
contribution to the Borrowers Support Fund (in Polish: Fundusz Wsparcia Kredytobiorców), and (iii) 
introduces a procedure for replacing WIBOR with a new benchmark.  Under the Act on Supporting 
Borrowers, a borrower under a mortgage loan denominated in PLN, who is a consumer may suspend 
the repayment of one loan agreement which was provided to finance its own housing needs.  The 
suspension period will be two months in the period from 1 August 2022 to 30 September 2022, another 
two months in the period from 1 October 2022 to 31 December 2022 and one month in each calendar 
quarter from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023.  During the suspension period, the borrower does 
not have to make any payments due to the lender under the loan agreement (including interest, principal 
amount and fee), except for payments of the insurance premiums linked to the loan agreement.  The 
suspension is effective automatically upon the delivery of the application to the lender.  The maturity 
of the loan is extended by the duration of the suspension period.  The lender cannot charge interest and 
fees, other than the insurance premiums linked to the loan agreement, during the suspension period.  
The right to request a suspension applies to loan agreements entered into before 1 July 2022, provided 
that the maturity date of the loan falls after 1 January 2023.

--- Page 15 ---
8 
 
In 2022, the gross value of the mortgage loans denominated in PLN granted by the Bank and its 
consolidated subsidiaries (the Group) was adjusted by approximately PLN 3.1 billion.  The adjustment 
is based on the assumption that 63 per cent. of the Group's customers who may apply for the suspension 
of the repayment of their loans will do so.  If all of the Group's customers eligible to request the 
suspension applied for the suspension, the Group's loss would have been PLN 4.8 billion.  The final 
loss amount will depend on the number of customers applying to suspend the repayment of mortgage 
loans instalments. 
By the end of September 2022, 265 thousand of the Group's customers submitted an application to 
suspend the repayment of their mortgage loans, and the total number of suspended loan instalments 
exceeded one million.  As at 30 September 2022, the actual level of utilization of the governmental 
programme of loan repayment holidays by the Group's customers was in line with the Group's 
expectations.  In the future, an increase in the customer participation ratio, and consequently the level 
of the related costs, may be affected by factors such as the unemployment rate, customer behaviours 
and changes in market interest rate. 
The Act on Supporting Borrowers also amends the framework for operations of the Borrowers' Support 
Fund.  The goal of these amendments is to facilitate access to the support provided the Borrowers' 
Support Fund.  The Group estimates that its additional contribution to the Borrowers' Support Fund in 
2022 with be PLN 0.3 billion.  The final amount of the contribution will be determined by 
the management board of the Borrowers Support Fund. 
Deterioration in Poland's economic condition could affect the Group's business, financial condition 
and results of operations  
The Group conducts its operations mainly in Poland.  As a result, the macroeconomic situation in Poland 
has a material impact on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
The economic situation in Poland depends on a number of factors, including measures by which a 
government attempts to influence the economy, such as setting levels of taxation, government budgets, 
the money supply and interest rates as well as the labour market, the demographic situation in the 
country, macroeconomic conditions in the world and in Europe and the inflow of funds from the 
European Union. 
A potential prolonged economic slowdown in Poland would damage the Group's operations.  Higher 
unemployment and lower consumption, as well as fluctuations in the financial markets (including the 
currency markets), may adversely affect the financial condition of the Group's customers, which could, 
in turn, impair the quality and volume of the Group's loans and advances portfolios and other financial 
assets and result in decreased demand for the Group's products.  In addition, in unstable market 
conditions, the value of assets securing loans already granted or to be granted by the Group, including 
real estate, may decline significantly. 
On 24 February 2022 Russia invaded Ukraine and launched a full scale military attack against Ukraine. 
Russian military forces entered Ukrainian territory and, as of the date of the Base Prospectus, occupy 
several cities and infrastructure sites in Ukraine.  The war caused increased market volatility and may 
negatively affect the Polish economy.  In particular, the war has already caused a significant increase 
in prices of commodities and fuel.  This may put an additional financial strain on the Group's customers 
and affect their ability to perform their obligations towards the Group.  The sanctions imposed on Russia 
may also negatively affect the financial condition of the Group's customers who conducted business in 
Russia or with Russian counterparts and who will not be able to sell their products and services on 
alternative markets.  The war has also caused a number of Ukrainians to seek refuge in neighbouring 
countries.  According to the United Nations Refugee Agency approximately 1.3 million Ukrainians 
applied for temporary protection in Poland.  Such a large number of refugees may put a significant 
strain on the Polish public services and may lead to increased government spending aimed at supporting

--- Page 16 ---
9 
 
the refugees.  These circumstances may negatively affect the growth of the Polish gross domestic 
product and increase the Polish public debt. 
The outbreak of the war, external pressures on the PLN, sharp increases in commodity prices and strong 
consumer demand caused the inflation to rise above 10 per cent. and as at 30 November 2022 reached 
17.4 per cent year-on-year.  Sustained high inflation may have a negative effect on the financial standing 
of the Group's customers, in particular the individuals.  The Group's customers may not be able to satisfy 
their obligations towards the Group which, in turn, may negatively affect the Group's financial condition 
and its ability to perform its obligations under the Notes.  More challenging macroeconomic conditions 
may also lead to a decreased customer demand for the Group's products and services.  Some of the 
Group's customers may also experience difficulties in performing their obligations under loans granted 
by the Group which could cause an increase in the Group's expected credit losses. 
The Group's business, as well as the successful implementation of its strategy, is highly dependent on 
the financial situation of its customers and their ability to repay existing loans, make deposits and 
acquire new financial products offered by the Group.  The financial situation of Polish households, 
including the Group's customers, is highly correlated with the unemployment rate.  An increase in the 
unemployment rate in Poland could cause an increase in the Group's expected credit losses or hinder 
growth of the Group's loans and advances portfolio. 
The level of risk that is acceptable to customers may also decrease with respect to investments in 
securities, investment fund units or other investment products offered by the Group.  Significant 
fluctuations or a decline in financial markets may discourage potential customers from buying 
investment products offered by the Group and current holders may withdraw or reduce their exposure 
to such products, which may have an adverse effect, in particular, on the Group's fee and commission 
income. 
Any deterioration in economic, business, political and social conditions in Poland may have a material 
adverse effect on the business, financial condition and operations of the Group. 
The war in Ukraine has materially affected the Group's operations in Ukraine 
The Group provides banking and financial services in Ukraine, mainly through Kredobank group and 
several other subsidiaries.  The war in Ukraine has already had a material adverse effect on the 
Ukrainian banking sector and the Group's operations and its consequences may become even more 
material in the future.  A large number of Ukrainian companies had to reduce the scale of their 
operations or suspend them completely.  There have been major disruptions to the Ukrainian 
infrastructure and transportation links.  The Ukrainian banking sector was negatively affected by the 
following circumstances: 
 
disruptions to the operations of Ukrainian branches and ATMs, significant damage to or 
destruction of the banking infrastructure in war zones; 
 
a decline in liquidity due to an outflow of customer funds, partially offset by support from 
the National Bank of Ukraine through refinancing instruments; 
 
a reduction in the loan portfolio due to the cessation of new lending by banks (with 
the exception of lending by state banks to sectors and enterprises critical to the war effort); 
 
a sharp decline in banks' operating income (due to reduced customer demand, moratoria on loan 
repayments, restrictions on foreign exchange transactions, etc.), which may result in their 
operating losses in the medium term;

--- Page 17 ---
10 
 
 
the inability of some borrowers to service loans, deterioration in repayment due to the closure 
of many enterprises, loss of sources of income for individuals, the forced relocation of millions 
of Ukrainian citizens; 
 
restrictions on the foreign exchange market, including foreign exchange trading; and 
 
reduction in the banks' equity as a result of lost revenue, material losses and impairment of 
a part of the loan portfolio. 
In assessing the possible scenarios and location of assets of its Ukrainian companies, the Group 
estimates potential losses to be lower than the industry average and not to affect the ability of 
the Ukrainian companies to continue as a going concern. 
The Group has assessed the potential losses of the loan portfolio of its Ukrainian companies, but, as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, information is currently limited and a more detailed assessment is not 
possible.  According to available official information on military operations in Ukraine, a part of the 
loan portfolio of the Group's Ukrainian companies (approximately 20 per cent.) is located directly in or 
close to regions directly affected by the war, including less than 4 per cent. in temporarily occupied 
regions or in regions of active military operations.  Customers who were found unable to conduct 
business, whose operations were materially impaired or property damaged were deemed to meet the 
premise of default and were reclassified to Stage 3 for the purposes of calculating the Group's expected 
credit losses.  Customers who operate in or near areas directly affected by the war were reclassified into 
Stage 2 for the purposes of calculating the Group's expected credit losses.  As a result of the assessment 
of various scenarios for the development of the situation in Ukraine and of the conflict, the Group 
recognised impairment allowances for expected credit losses of PLN 215 million. 
The Group also analysed its business loan portfolio in terms of the customers' exposure to the negative 
effects of the armed conflict in Ukraine.  Assuming the threshold of the minimum of 5 per cent. of 
customers' turnover being realized with counterparties from Russia, Belarus or Ukraine, the portfolio 
exposed to risk amounts to approximately PLN 3.2 billion as at 30 September 2022.  As part of the 
measurement of credit exposures, the Group took into account information on the scale of the economic 
relations of Polish customers with their counterparties from Ukraine, Belarus and Russia, and assessed 
various scenarios for the development of the macroeconomic situation.  Exposures of customers related 
to counterparties from Ukraine, Belarus and Russia were classified to Stage 2 for the purposes of 
calculating the Group's expected credit losses and their expected credit losses were measured over their 
lifetime.  Where it was assessed that there was a low probability that these customers would meet their 
credit obligations, exposures were reclassified to Stage 3 for the purposes of calculating the Group's 
expected credit losses.  As at 30 September 2022, the portfolio of retail loans to Russian, Belarusian or 
Ukrainian citizens granted by the Bank amounted to PLN 224 million. 
Risks relating to the Group's financial situation 
Claims of borrowers under mortgage loans denominated in CHF or indexed to CHF may adversely 
affect the Group's financial performance 
Polish banks have granted a large number of mortgages denominated in Swiss francs or indexed to 
Swiss francs (CHF Mortgage Loans).  CHF Mortgage Loans were an extremely popular product due 
to, among other things, low interest rates.  Due to the rapid appreciation of the Swiss franc, monthly 
instalments of CHF Mortgage Loans and the outstanding principal amounts of CHF Mortgage Loans 
increased significantly.  For this reason, many CHF Mortgage Loan borrowers have decided to bring 
an action for annulment of their CHF Mortgage Loan agreements or some of their provisions. 
On 3 October 2019, in the judgment of the Court of Justice of the European Union (the CJEU) for Case 
C-260/18 concerning a mortgage credit agreement in CHF concluded by one of the Polish banks,

--- Page 18 ---
11 
 
the CJEU indicated, amongst others, that the provisions of EU law do not preclude national courts, 
where they find that clauses relating to the CHF Mortgage Loan indexing mechanism are abusive, from 
deciding to annul CHF Mortgage Loan contracts, having regard, however, to whether such annulment 
would expose the consumer to particularly harmful consequences.  At the same time, the CJEU held 
that national courts cannot fill in the gaps in CHF Mortgage Loan contracts which arise after the 
elimination of prohibited provisions, on the basis of provisions relating to equity or established custom.  
The above decision of the CJEU also covered credits indexed to other currencies bearing an interest 
rate directly related to the interbank rate of a given currency. 
In accordance with the above judgment of the CJEU, national courts should assess the abuse of clauses 
relating to a mechanism for indexing loans to foreign currencies or at an interest rate directly linked to 
the interbank rate of the currency concerned and the existence of the grounds for annulment of a credit 
agreement containing such mechanisms on a case-by-case basis.  However, this constitutes a precedent 
that may facilitate enforcement of the annulment of credit agreements concluded by certain consumers 
before the Polish courts. 
As at 31 December 2021, there were 12,349 lawsuits pending against the Group over loans indexed to, 
or denominated in, a foreign currency (mainly CHF), with the disputed amount totalling PLN 3,855 
million, including once class action concerning 72 loan agreements.  The plaintiffs usually request the 
courts to declare a loan agreement void in whole or in part or to award the plaintiff a refund of the Banks 
allegedly undue benefits which arose under the allegedly abusive clauses included in the loan 
agreements.  As at 31 December 2021, 207 final rulings have been issued in cases against the Bank 
(including 165 rulings after 3 October 2019).  67 of these rulings (including 29 rulings issued after 
3 October 2019) are favourable for the Bank.  The Bank challenges the unfavourable rulings in the 
Supreme Court.  As at 30 September 2022, there were 17,645 lawsuits pending against the Bank over 
loans indexed to, or denominated in, a foreign currency (mainly CHF), with the disputed amount 
totalling PLN 6,328 million, including once class action concerning 72 loan agreements.  As at 30 
September 2022, 672 final rulings have been issued in cases against the Bank (including 631 judgments 
after 3 October 2019).  93 of these rulings (including 54 judgments issued after 3 October 2019) are 
favourable for the Bank. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group estimated the total cumulative impact of legal risk associated with 
the CHF Mortgage Loans in the Group to be PLN 7,023 million, including (i) IFRS 9 adjustment to the 
gross carrying amount at PLN 6,428 million and (ii) IAS 37 provision at PLN 595 million.  As at 30 
September 2022, the Group estimated the total cumulative impact of legal risk associated with the loans 
indexed to, or denominated in, a foreign currency in the Group to be PLN 8,658 million including:  (i) 
IFRS 9 adjustment to the gross carrying amount at PLN 7,835 million and (ii) IAS 37 provision and 
other assets adjustments at PLN 823 million 
In December 2020, the Chairman of the Polish Financial Supervision Authority (in Polish: Komisja 
Nadzoru Finansowego, the KNF) presented a proposal for voluntary settlements between banks and 
borrowers in respect of CHF Mortgage Loans.  Under such proposal, the CHF Mortgage Loans would 
be retroactively settled as PLN loans bearing a floating interest rate based on WIBOR increased by 
a margin.  Having analysed this proposal the Group took a view that voluntary settlements are a better 
solution for the Group than long court proceedings whose outcome is uncertain.  On 23 April 2021 the 
Bank's general meeting approved the option of offering the borrowers under the CHF Mortgage Loans 
an opportunity to settle their claims against the Bank and the settlement process was launched on 
4 October 2021.  The Bank offers an option to settle during the mediation proceedings conducted at the 
KNF Court of Arbitration Mediation Centre and during court proceedings.  As at 31 December 2021, 
the Bank concluded 5,673 settlement agreements during mediation proceedings and 133 settlement 
agreements during court proceedings.  As at 30 September 2022, the Bank concluded 17,057 
agreements in mediation proceedings and 133 settlement agreements during court proceedings.

--- Page 19 ---
12 
 
If the results of the majority of the lawsuits against the Bank concerning the CHF Mortgage Loans are 
unfavourable for the Bank, the Group's financial condition may materially deteriorate. 
Claims of borrowers under loans with interest rates based on WIBOR may affect the Group's 
financial performance 
An increase in the reference rates led to an increase of WIBOR, a benchmark which is the basis for 
determining the interest rate for the majority of floating rate loans denominated in PLN.  There are 
speculations in the media that this may cause the borrowers under such loans to try to challenge the 
loans in courts by requesting the courts to invalidate the loan agreements in whole or only in relation to 
the provisions concerning the calculation of interest.  As of the date of this Base Prospectus there has 
been no final court decision resolving a dispute concerning calculation of interest under a loan with an 
interest rate based on WIBOR.  If Polish courts decide that loan agreements referencing WIBOR have 
legal defects, a large number of borrowers under such loans may decide to challenge them in courts.  If 
the results of the majority of the lawsuits are unfavourable for the Bank, the Group's financial condition 
may materially deteriorate.  
The value of the Group's investment and trading portfolios may decrease 
The Group's portfolio of securities comprises debt and equity securities.  The quality of the Group's 
portfolio of securities may be affected by macroeconomic factors, the general business environment 
and developments in the financial markets, and by the creditworthiness and financial position of 
counterparties to the Group's transactions.  The quality of debt securities held by the Group is dependent 
upon the ability of issuers of the securities to make payments on the securities when due, which in turn 
may be affected by changes in their financial standing. 
As at 31 December 2021, the debt instruments issued by the State Treasury constituted 71 per cent. of 
the Group's debt securities portfolio and corporate bonds denominated in PLN and guaranteed by the 
State Treasury constituted 16 per cent. of the Group's debt securities portfolio.  A decrease in the price 
of such securities may occur as a result of several factors, in particular: (i) an increased supply of such 
securities by the Polish government due to an increased issue of those securities to finance the budget 
deficit or an increased offer of securities by investors disposing of them; or (ii) increases in domestic 
interest rates; or (iii) a decrease in the credit ratings for Poland's sovereign debt; or (iv) increased 
political risk and a negative perception of Poland by investors.  Any decrease in the price of such 
securities could adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group's portfolio includes negotiable financial instruments whose daily valuations depend on 
certain market parameters (such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates, prices of bonds and stocks, 
stock indices values, futures prices, and implied volatilities of options).  As these parameters vary 
continuously according to market forces, valuations of the financial instruments also change 
accordingly, which may adversely impact the unrealised results of these portfolios, even though certain 
components of the market risk of those portfolios are hedged and the trading is carried out within set 
market risk limits.  In addition, market movements may also adversely affect realised results of 
the trading book.  Any occurrence of any of these factors may have an adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group has significant exposure to counterparty credit risk in connection with its banking 
operations 
The Group is exposed to counterparty risk arising from the potential inability of the Group's 
counterparties, including corporate customers, banks and other financial institutions to fulfil their 
obligations under transactions and financial instruments entered into with the Group due to a number 
of factors, including, in particular, bankruptcies, a lack of market or individual customer liquidity, 
economic downturns, adverse financial and market movements (e.g. in interest rates or foreign currency

--- Page 20 ---
13 
 
exchange rates, commodity prices, the implied volatility of foreign exchange options, etc.), operational 
failures and increased economic and political uncertainty.  A reduction in the ability of the Group's 
counterparties to fulfil such obligations, or a default by, or even concerns about the creditworthiness 
and financial standing of, one or more of the Group's counterparties could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. 
The Group has substantial assets, associated with foreign exchange derivatives, which include foreign 
exchange swaps, forwards and options conducted with other banking and non-banking clients.  These 
foreign exchange derivatives require the customer to provide collateral if the instrument reaches 
a prescribed loss level.  Due to significant changes in the PLN exchange rate against certain foreign 
currencies many customers who have purchased foreign exchange derivatives have been unable to 
provide the required collateral. 
Although the Group actively manages its liquidity requirements and foreign exchange position and 
hedges its exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risks, continued foreign exchange rate 
volatility of the PLN against foreign currencies could increase the pressure on the Group's 
counterparties and could lead to increased defaults by the Group's counterparties and further losses 
incurred by the Group on its foreign exchange derivatives.  Such developments could have an adverse 
effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
Any reduction in the credit rating of the Bank and its subsidiaries could increase its cost of funding 
and adversely affect its interest margins 
Credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which the Group is able to obtain funding.  
A reduction in the Group companies' credit ratings could increase the costs associated with its interbank 
and capital market transactions and could adversely affect the Group's liquidity and competitive 
position, undermine confidence in the Group, increase its borrowing costs and adversely affect its 
interest margins.  Furthermore, should the rating of the Bank be downgraded below investment grade, 
this could significantly impair the operating business of the Bank, the refinancing costs of the Group 
and the Bank's eligibility to act as a counterparty to derivative transactions for some market participants. 
Rating agencies' assessments are driven by a number of factors, including franchise value, 
capitalisation, profitability, applicable sovereign ratings, refinancing opportunities and liquidity as well 
as potential parental support.  Pressure on the Bank's credit ratings may arise, for example, in the event 
of significantly weaker capital generation driven by poorer financial performance, a material 
deterioration of asset quality in a less favourable business environment or the downgrading of the rating 
applicable to Poland. 
A downgrading in the rating of the Bank and its subsidiaries could increase the financing costs 
associated with transactions on the interbank market and could adversely affect the Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group may not be able to improve or sustain its current interest rate margins or commissions on 
loans  
The net interest income achieved by the Group depends to a large extent on the levels of the Group's 
interest-bearing assets and liabilities and the average interest rates on interest-earning assets and 
interest-bearing liabilities. 
Various factors could affect the Group's ability to maintain credit and deposit margins as well as fees 
and commissions at current levels.  These factors include the evolving regulatory environment, court 
judgments  increasing competition in the market, changing demand for fixed and floating interest rate 
loans, possible changes in monetary policy conducted by the Monetary Policy Council (in Polish: Rada 
Polityki Pieniężnej, the MPC), the level of inflation, and changes in interest rates on interbank markets.

--- Page 21 ---
14 
 
The Group could suffer decreasing interest rate margins for various reasons, including: 
 
if market interest rates on floating interest rate loans decline and the Group is unable to offset 
such an effect by decreasing the rates payable on deposits; 
 
if interest rates payable on deposits increase as a result of additional competition among banks 
or other factors beyond the Group's control and the Group is unable to offset such an effect by 
increasing the rates on its loans; or 
 
if increased competition on the market and economic recovery push credit spreads down. 
A high proportion of long-term mortgages in the Group's loan portfolio makes it difficult for 
the Group to adjust its loan margins to market terms whilst any deterioration in residential real estate 
prices and decreases in the value of collateral provided to the Bank may negatively affect the Group's 
business, financial condition and/or results of operations 
In accordance with Polish law, neither the Bank nor any member of the Group is able to unilaterally 
change the terms of granted loans and advances to individuals, including credit margins.  As at 
31 December 2021, gross housing and mortgage loans to individuals (retail mortgage loans) constituted 
a material part (78.1 per cent.) of the Group's total gross loans and advances to individuals.  As a result, 
the Group is limited in its ability to change its average credit portfolio margins through the generation 
of new mortgage loans and advances reflecting current credit margins on the market compared to other 
financial institutions operating on the Polish market, which have credit portfolios with a larger 
proportion of short-term loans.  This limited ability to re-price its loan portfolio may adversely affect 
the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
When granting mortgage loans and calculating the applicable interest rates, the Group assumes a certain 
level of prices of residential real property securing such loans.  If sale prices of residential real property 
in Poland substantially decline for any reason, the value of the Group's security may be adversely 
affected and, in cases of foreclosure, the Group may not be able to recover the entire amount of the loan 
if the borrowers are unable to repay them.  In addition, investments in real estate are characterised by 
low liquidity as compared to other types of investments and such liquidity may further deteriorate in 
periods of economic downturn.  The Group cannot guarantee that if the residential real estate market in 
Poland deteriorates significantly, the ability to enforce its security in a timely and effective manner 
would not deteriorate significantly. 
The interest rates on non-mortgage loans advanced by the Group may decrease 
Polish banks (including the Bank) are subject to restrictions on the maximum interest rates which may 
be charged under a loan agreement.  Currently, the maximum interest rate is equal to the sum of the 
applicable reference rate of the National Bank of Poland and 3.5 per cent. multiplied by two.  Any 
changes to the applicable reference rates are reflected in the rate which the Bank is able to charge 
customers on non-mortgage loans.  Deterioration in interest rates may therefore have an adverse effect 
on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group's risk management methods may prove ineffective at mitigating credit risk 
Losses relating to credit risk may arise if the risk management policies, procedures and assessment 
methods implemented by the Group to mitigate credit risk and to protect against credit exposures prove 
less effective than expected.  The Group employs qualitative tools and metrics for managing risk that 
are based on observed historical market behaviour.  These tools and procedures may fail to predict 
future risk exposures, especially in a market characterised by increased volatility and falling prices.  
Given the Group's variety of lending activities, the risk management systems employed by the Group 
may prove insufficient in measuring and managing risks.

--- Page 22 ---
15 
 
The occurrence of any of the factors mentioned above may have a material adverse effect on 
the business, financial condition, and/or results of operations of the Group. 
The Group is exposed to operational risk related to its business activities 
Operational risk accompanies all processes at banks and its consequences can often be significant.  
The Group is subject to the risk of incurring losses or unforeseen costs relating to inadequate or failed 
internal processes, human error, system failures, errors relating to the outsourcing of the performance 
of certain services to external service providers, and external events.  Typical categories of operational 
loss include: errors made during the execution of operations, record-keeping errors, business disruptions 
(caused by, for example, software or hardware failures and communication breakdowns), fraud 
(including related to credit cards), legal claims over transactions or operations and damage to assets.  
In addition, because some of the Group's business transactions are conducted via internet platforms, 
the Group is exposed to third party attacks on its IT systems which could result in financial or 
reputational loss.  The Group utilises a number of IT systems to conduct its operations.  Due to the high 
complexity of interactions and interdependencies among the Group's IT systems, there can be no 
assurance that these systems will always properly interact with one another or will always effectively 
ensure error-free and timely transfer of data within the IT structure of the Bank and the Group. 
The Group also outsources the performance of specific activities on its behalf, including IT services as 
well as document consignment services, cash support services, cash processing, and debt recovery to 
third parties.  Additionally, the Bank outsources to external service providers the performance of certain 
services relating to the sale of retail banking products offered by the Bank.  If any of the third parties 
on which the Bank relies fail to duly perform in accordance with the terms of their agreements with 
the Bank, then this could result in operational deficiencies or reputational risk for the Group.  
Furthermore, the Group may be exposed to the risk of liability to its customers and reputational loss if 
such external providers fail to duly perform their services or, specifically, if they perform their services 
in breach of applicable law or banking regulations or if they take improper actions which result in 
an infringement of third-party rights. 
Additionally, failures of the Group's operational risk management system to detect or prevent 
operational problems caused by third parties which prevent them from performing the activities 
outsourced to them could affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or 
prospects. 
The occurrence of the factors described above could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
The Group faces liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Bank may be unable to meet current and future (including contingent) 
payment obligations as they become due.  Liquidity risk may result from internal factors (for example, 
the impact of negative publicity and/or reputational damage, resulting, for instance, in excessive 
withdrawal of cash by the Bank's clients or the materialisation of credit risk) and external factors 
(turbulence and crises in the financial markets, country risk or disruption in the operation of clearing 
systems). 
The Group becomes exposed to liquidity risk when the maturities of its assets and liabilities do not 
coincide.  In particular, the Group may be exposed to increased liquidity risk as a result of its holdings 
of real estate mortgage loans, which are long-term assets.  Although generally holdings of real estate 
mortgage loans are covered by long and mid-term funding, they are partially financed by short-term 
and on-demand deposits.

--- Page 23 ---
16 
 
Maturity mismatches between the Group's assets and liabilities may have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations if the Group is unable to obtain new 
deposits or find alternative sources of funding for existing and future loan and advances portfolios. 
In terms of current and short-term liquidity risk, if a substantial portion of the Bank's clients withdraw 
their demand deposits or do not roll over their term deposits upon maturity, as would be the case with 
many other banks, the Bank's liquidity position may be adversely affected.  Current liquidity may also 
be affected by unfavourable financial market conditions.  If assets held by the Bank in order to provide 
liquidity become illiquid due to unforeseen financial market events or their value drops substantially, 
in such circumstances the Bank may not be able to meet its obligations as they become due and therefore 
may be forced to resort to interbank funding, which, in the event of an unstable market situation, may 
become excessively expensive and uncertain.  In addition, the Bank's ability to use such external 
funding sources is directly connected with the level of credit lines available to the Bank, and this in turn 
is dependent on the Bank's financial and credit condition, as well as general market liquidity. 
A loss of liquidity or an inability to raise sufficient funds to finance its operations, particularly its 
lending operations, may have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of 
operations of the Group. 
The Group may not be able to hire, train or retain a sufficient number of qualified personnel 
The success of the Group's business depends, among other things, on its ability to recruit and maintain 
qualified personnel.  The Group is dependent upon high-level management to implement its strategy 
and day-to-day operations.  The Group endeavours to reduce the risk of losing key employees through 
various measures, including in particular through management and career development measures.  
Despite these measures, the Group may not succeed in attracting or retaining highly qualified employees 
in the future.  In Poland, there is strong competition for qualified personnel specialised in banking and 
finance, especially at middle and upper management levels. 
Competition of this kind may increase the Group's personnel-related costs and make it difficult to recruit 
and offer incentives to qualified personnel.  In addition, the Group's senior management or key 
employees of the Group's companies may resign or file a termination notice at any time, which could 
harm the relationships the Group's companies have developed with their customers.  The Group's 
companies may not be able to retain such employees, and if they do resign, the Group's companies may 
not be able to replace them with persons of the same ability or experience.  This could have a material 
adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects of the Group. 
The Group's IT systems may fail or their security may be compromised 
The Group relies heavily on numerous IT systems for a variety of functions, including processing 
applications, providing information to customers, maintaining financial records and providing crucial 
financial and market data to the Bank's management board.  In addition, the Group uses distribution 
channels based on an IT platform comprising online banking, mobile banking and call centres. 
The Group's activities involve the use and constant development of several IT platforms dedicated to 
the various segments of the Group.  In particular, the business model of the Bank's retail segment, which 
involves offering banking services through an online transactional system and mobile applications, is 
significantly dependent on the availability, functionality and security of the Group's IT systems and, as 
a result of its high reliance on online platforms, it is also particularly exposed to third-party attacks via 
the internet, eg cyber-attacks.  Malfunctions, in particular with respect to the use of and interactions 
between the Group's IT platforms, information leakages, service interruptions or similar events may 
affect the relationship between the Group and its customers.  The Group constantly modifies and 
enhances the protective measures it takes to counteract these risks.  Nevertheless, there is a risk that 
such measures may not be effective against all threats related to cyber-attacks, taking into account their

--- Page 24 ---
17 
 
varying nature and evolving sophistication.  A successful attack could result in material losses of client 
or customer information, damage to computer systems and harm to the Group's reputation and lead to 
regulatory penalties or financial losses. 
Moreover, programming errors and similar disruptions could impact the Group's ability to serve the 
needs of its customers on a timely basis, interrupt the Group's operations, damage the Group's reputation 
or require it to incur significant technical, legal and other expenses.  In addition, the integrated IT system 
or upgraded information technology systems may fail to meet the needs of the Group's growing and 
changing business. 
The Group is also subject to regulation in relation to the use of personal data.  The General Data 
Protection Regulation imposes new obligations and guidelines on companies in the management and 
processing of personal data.  Administrative fines of EUR 20 million or 4 per cent. of a company's 
annual turnover can be imposed for non-compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation. 
The Group has procedures in place to ensure compliance with the relevant data protection regulations 
by its employees and any third party service providers, and has also implemented security measures to 
prevent cyber-theft.  However, if the Group or any of the third-party service providers fail to store or 
transmit customer information in a secure manner, or if any loss or wrongful processing of personal 
customer data were otherwise to occur, the Group could be subject to investigative and enforcement 
action by relevant regulatory authorities and could be subject to claims or complaints from persons to 
whom the data relates, or could face liability under data protection laws.  Should some or all of these 
risks materialise, this may have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of 
operations of the Group. 
Litigation, administrative or other proceedings or actions may adversely affect the Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations 
Due to the nature of its business, the Group may be exposed to a risk of court, administrative or other 
proceedings being instituted against it by customers, employees, shareholders and other persons in 
connection with its business. 
The outcome of litigation or similar proceedings or actions is difficult to assess or quantify.  Plaintiffs 
in these types of actions against the Bank or the Group's companies may seek recovery in large or 
indeterminate amounts or other remedies that may affect the Bank's or the Group companies' ability to 
conduct their business, and the magnitude of the potential losses relating to such actions may remain 
unknown for substantial periods of time.  The cost to defend future actions may be significant.  There 
may also be adverse publicity associated with litigation against particular Group companies that could 
damage the reputation of the Group or the particular Group companies concerned, regardless of whether 
the allegations are valid or whether the Group is ultimately found liable. 
As a result, litigation, administrative and other proceedings may adversely affect the Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations.  As at 31 December 2021, the Group estimated the total 
cumulative impact of legal risk associated with the CHF Mortgage Loans in the Group to be PLN 7,023 
million, including (i) IFRS 9 adjustment to the gross carrying amount at PLN 6,428 million;  
and (ii) IAS 37 provision at PLN 595 million.  Provisions for other legal claims, excluding claims 
relating to repaid mortgage loans in convertible currencies, as at 31 December 2021, amounted to 
PLN 106 million.

--- Page 25 ---
18 
 
Risks related to legal and regulatory environment 
The Bank and the Group may be unable to satisfy its or their required minimum capital adequacy 
ratios 
Increasing capital requirements constitute one of the Bank's main regulatory challenges and they may 
adversely affect the Bank's profitability.  In addition, there would be significant operational and 
regulatory risk in the event of any possibility of failure to maintain required capital levels. 
The adequacy assessment of the Group's capital base (including, among others, the calculation of capital 
ratios and the leverage ratio, own funds and the total capital requirement) is made according to a number 
of European and Polish regulations, including: 
 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access 
to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms (as amended, the Capital Requirements Directive) and Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 with further 
amendments on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012 (as amended, the CRR Regulation or the CRR and, 
together with the Capital Requirements Directive, the CRD); and 
 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876, Directive (EU) No. 2019/878, Directive (EU) No. 2019/879 
and Regulation (EU) No. 2019/877 (the EU Banking Reform Legislation). 
The CRD introduced a number of fundamental reforms to the regulatory capital framework for 
internationally active banks, the principal elements of which were set out in Basel III. 
The EU Banking Reform Legislation has covered multiple areas, including the capital ratio framework, 
the leverage ratio, mandatory restrictions on distributions, permission for reducing own funds and 
eligible liabilities, macroprudential tools, the MREL framework and the integration of the minimum 
total loss-absorbing capacity into EU legislation. 
Taking into account the capital buffers and capital add-on, as at 31 December 2021 the required 
minimum capital ratios at the consolidated Group level were 11.62 per cent. for TCR and 9.59 per cent. 
for Tier 1 capital ratio.  At the date of this Base Prospectus, the capital adequacy ratios reported by the 
Bank were above the minimum levels required by KNF on both the individual and consolidated levels.  
However, certain developments could affect the Group's ability to continue to satisfy the minimum 
capital adequacy requirements, including: 
 
an increase in the Group's total risk exposure amount as a result of the rapid expansion of its 
business or depreciation of the PLN against the foreign currencies in which a part of the Group's 
assets are denominated; 
 
deterioration of asset quality leading to a higher level of regulatory expected loss, which would 
cause an increased amount of capital deductions; 
 
the Bank's ability to raise capital; 
 
losses resulting from a deterioration in the Group's asset quality, a reduction in income levels, 
an increase in expenses or a combination of all of the above; 
 
a decline in the values of the Group's securities portfolio;

--- Page 26 ---
19 
 
 
changes in accounting rules or in the guidelines regarding the calculation of the capital 
adequacy ratios of banks; and 
 
additional capital requirements or changes in the minimum capital requirements imposed by 
the Bank's regulator. 
The Group's ability to raise additional capital may be limited by numerous factors, including: 
 
the Group's future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows; 
 
any necessary government regulatory approvals; 
 
the financial condition of the Bank's majority shareholder; 
 
financial market disruptions; 
 
the Bank's credit rating; 
 
general market conditions for capital-raising activities by commercial banks and other financial 
institutions; and 
 
domestic and international economic, political and other conditions. 
In addition to the above, the CRR Regulation also includes a requirement for the Bank to maintain 
the leverage ratio (the LR), the liquidity coverage ratio (the LCR) and the net stable funding ratio 
requirements (the NSFR) introduced under the CRR II. As of 31 December 2021, the LR, LCR and 
the NSFR with respect to the Bank were above the minimum levels required by the CRR. 
Furthermore, Article 45 of the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (the BRRD) provides that 
Member States shall ensure that institutions meet, at all times, a minimum requirement for own funds 
and eligible liabilities (MREL).  The MREL shall be calculated as the amount of own funds and eligible 
liabilities expressed as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount and total exposure measure.  
On 2 December 2021 the Bank Guarantee Fund (in Polish: Bankowy Fundusz Gwarancyjny, the BGF), 
which is the Polish resolution authority, informed the Bank that the Group's MREL requirement is 15.80 
per cent. of the total risk exposure amount and 5.91 per cent. of the total exposure measure.  These 
requirements must be met by 31 December 2023. 
Failure to maintain the required capital adequacy ratios or to otherwise maintain sufficient levels of 
capital may lead to restrictive measures on the Bank under the Act dated 29 August 1997 Banking Law 
(the Banking Law) or the Act dated 10 June 2016 on the Bank Guarantee Fund, the Deposit Guarantee 
Scheme and Mandatory Restructuring (the Act on the Bank Guarantee Fund, as amended) 
implementing the BRRD in Poland, and may have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition 
and results of operations of the Group. 
A breach of existing laws relating to minimum capital adequacy ratios or MREL requirements may 
result in entities in the Group being subject to administrative sanctions, which may result in an increase 
in the operating costs of the Group, loss of reputation, and may, consequently, it may have an adverse 
effect on the business, financial condition and results of the Group's operations.  The Group may also 
be subject to restrictions on its ability to pay discretionary distributions to holders of Tier 1 capital 
which may have an adverse effect on the Group's ability to raise capital or funding to support its 
operations.

--- Page 27 ---
20 
 
The introduction of the new regulations and the resulting changes in the regulatory requirements 
may have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations 
Changes to or an increase in the regulation of the financial services and banking industry in Poland and 
internationally could have an adverse effect on the Group's business. 
Regulations governing the banking and financial services industries in Poland and internationally are 
likely to increase, particularly in the current market environment where supervisors have recently 
moved to tighten regulations governing financial institutions.  As a result of these and other ongoing 
and possible future changes in the financial services regulatory landscape (including requirements 
imposed on the Group as a result of governmental or regulatory initiatives, such as the recommendations 
of the European Banking Authority, the European Central Bank (the ECB) or other bodies of the 
European Union, the recommendations of the KNF and new or updated regulations from the Basel 
Committee on Banking Supervision), the Group may face greater regulation in Poland and other 
countries in which it conducts operations.  Compliance with such changes may increase its capital 
requirements and costs, heighten disclosure requirements, hinder its ability to enter into or carry out 
certain types of transactions, affect the Group's strategy and limit or require modification of the rates or 
fees that it charges on certain loan and other products, any of which could lower the return ratio on its 
investments, assets and equity.  The Group may thus face increased compliance costs and limitations 
on its ability to pursue certain business opportunities. 
As a result of new recommendations from the KNF, as well as other possible changes in existing 
recommendations and the issuance of new recommendations affecting supervision, the Bank may 
become subject to more onerous and strict supervision, increased capital adequacy requirements, 
changes in its risk model and risk management or be required to incur additional costs, and could be 
subject to restrictions on certain types of transactions. 
The occurrence of any of the above-mentioned factors may affect the Group's strategy, its growth 
potential, its fees and commissions and profit margins and, consequently, could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Bank may be required to make substantial mandatory contributions, including contributions to 
the Bank Guarantee Fund and the Borrowers' Support Fund 
Under the provisions of the Act on the Bank Guarantee Fund, the Bank is a member of a mandatory 
guarantee scheme and is obliged to contribute to a deposit guarantee fund and a resolution fund.  
The Bank is also a founding member of the voluntary institutional protection scheme set up by eight 
Polish commercial banks. 
Since 2017, the amount of contributions to the bank guarantee fund and the resolution fund is calculated 
by the BGF individually for each bank.  Contributions to the deposit guarantee fund are paid quarterly.  
The basis for calculating contributions for a given quarter is the value of the covered deposits in a bank, 
at the end of the quarter immediately preceding the quarter to which the contribution relates.  
Contributions to the banks' resolution funds are paid once a year.  The basis for calculating contributions 
is the sum of a bank's liabilities (net of own funds and covered deposits) as at the last approved annual 
financial statements before 31 December of the year preceding the year of contribution and 
the institution's risk profile, taking into account the risk assessment in the areas of risk exposure, 
stability and diversity of funding sources, importance of the institution to the stability of the financial 
system or the economy, and additional indicators defined at the national level. 
For the year ended 31 December 2021 the value of the Group's BGF contribution for both funds 
amounted to PLN 481 million, compared to PLN 668 million in 2020.  The Bank's contribution to 
the voluntary institutional protection scheme paid in 2022 was PLN 872 million.

--- Page 28 ---
21 
 
Due to the large scale of the Bank's operations, if a member of the mandatory guarantee scheme were 
to declare bankruptcy, the Bank may be obliged to make larger payments to the BGF than other 
members of the deposit guarantee system. 
The Group may fail to comply with, or be subject to changes in, certain regulatory requirements 
applicable to banking and other regulated business, or with the guidelines set forth by financial 
supervisory authorities on the markets where the Group is present 
Apart from its banking operations, the Group also renders other regulated financial services and offers 
transactional banking products, products relating to the market for financial instruments and insurance 
products that are subject to the supervision of the KNF, the authority supervising financial markets, 
including the banking sector in Poland and other relevant authorities in the jurisdictions where it 
operates.  The scope of supervision and regulation of these products and services is also dependent on 
directives and regulations issued by European regulatory authorities. 
The increasing number and ambiguity of certain regulatory requirements, and their application to 
the Group on the markets where the Group is present, together with changes to the regulatory 
requirements and guidelines, has placed an increased burden on the Bank and other Group entities to 
amend their internal policies and procedures in order to meet the requirements of the competent 
supervisory authorities and EU directives and regulations, which in some cases may have led to 
instances of non-compliance of the Bank and other Group entities.  In addition, the requirements and 
obligations stemming from different jurisdictions and the application thereof may be unclear and 
contradictory and in some cases may have led to instances of non-compliance by the Bank and other 
Group entities. 
Uncertainty with regard to the new rules and guidelines during the period in which they are implemented 
in the jurisdictions relevant to the Group, as well as potential further changes to European or Polish 
banking regulations, may impact the Group's ability to access capital or carry out certain business 
activities. 
A failure to satisfy these requirements may expose the Bank or other Group entities to sanctions, fines 
and other penalties, which may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and 
results of operations of the Group. 
The KNF may identify issues during inspections of the Bank in the future which, if not adequately 
resolved by the Bank, may result in sanctions, fines or other penalties 
In the course of its activities, the Group is subject to numerous inspections, reviews, audits and 
explanatory proceedings conducted by various supervisors who oversee the financial services sector 
and other areas in which the Group operates, including the KNF, who conducts and inspection at least 
once a year. 
If any irregularities are found by these supervisory authorities and the Bank fails to remedy them 
(provided that such possibility is given) the Bank may be exposed to sanctions, fines and other penalties 
as prescribed by the Banking Law.  This could affect the business, financial condition and results of 
operations of the Group. 
Interpretation of Polish tax law regulations may be unclear and Polish tax laws and regulations may 
change 
The Polish tax system is subject to frequent changes.  Some provisions of Polish tax law are ambiguous 
and often there is no unanimous or uniform interpretation of law or uniform practice by the tax 
authorities.  Because of different interpretations of Polish tax law, the risk connected with Polish tax 
law may be greater than that under other tax jurisdictions in more developed markets.  The Bank cannot

--- Page 29 ---
22 
 
guarantee that the Polish tax authorities will not take a different, unfavourable, interpretation of tax 
provisions implemented by the Bank or any Group member, which may have an adverse effect on the 
business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
The Bank may be required to implement a recovery plan under Polish banking law 
In the event of a breach, or a threat of a breach, by the Bank of capital adequacy requirements, significant 
deterioration in the financial situation of the Bank, including the occurrence of a balance sheet loss or 
a threat thereof, a threat of insolvency or liquidity loss, increasing levels of financial leverage, increases 
in the Bank's leverage ratio or in the value of its non-performing loans, or the concentration of exposure, 
the Bank's management board shall forthwith notify the KNF and the BGF and shall ensure 
implementation of a recovery plan. 
The KNF may by way of a decision: 
 
address the management board of the Bank with a request to implement a recovery plan, 
including taking the measures specified in the recovery plan or an update thereof if the premises 
for its implementation differ from the premises adopted during development of the recovery 
plan or to take, within a specified period of time, actions provided for in the updated recovery 
plan in order to fulfil the capital adequacy requirements as they apply to the Bank or to improve 
the bank's financial situation; 
 
prohibit or restrict the granting of credit and loans to shareholders (members) and members of 
the management board, the supervisory board and employees of the Bank; 
 
order the reduction or withholding of payment of certain variable components of remuneration 
of persons holding managerial positions in the Bank; 
 
ask the management board of the Bank to convene an extraordinary general meeting of 
shareholders in order to assess the situation of the Bank, adopt a decision to cover a balance 
sheet loss or to adopt other resolutions, including resolutions on an increase in own funds; 
 
request the dismissal of one or more members of the management board or of persons holding 
managerial positions if these persons fail to guarantee prudent and sound management of 
the Bank; 
 
order, when considering a recovery plan, the preparation and implementation of a restructuring 
plan for liabilities towards some or all of the creditors; 
 
request the Bank to amend its business strategy; or 
 
order the statutes of the Bank, or its organisational structure, to be amended. 
The KNF may also appoint a trustee to oversee the execution of the recovery plan.  The trustee may 
participate in the meetings of a bank's governing bodies and have access to all information necessary to 
perform its duties.  The trustee may also file with the relevant court an objection against the decisions 
of the management board and the supervisory board.  In addition, with the consent of the KNF, 
the trustee may convene an extraordinary general meeting of the Bank. 
If the measures ordered by the KNF are insufficient or in order to ensure the effectiveness of 
the recovery plan being implemented or if the implementation of the recovery plan is insufficient to 
remedy the situation of the bank, the KNF may decide to establish a receivership in respect of the Bank.  
Upon the establishment of a receivership, the supervisory board shall be suspended, whereas

--- Page 30 ---
23 
 
the management board members of the Bank shall be removed by operation of law and previously 
established proxy and powers of attorney shall expire. 
There can be no assurance that the Bank, especially in the event of a deterioration in the results of its 
operations or high regulatory burdens, would not be required to implement a recovery plan.  Such risk 
would increase if the banks in Poland were forced to convert CHF mortgage loans into PLN at 
preferential rates.  Any failure of the Bank to correctly implement the recovery plan may have an 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations and on the Group's 
ability to implement its strategies as set forth in this Base Prospectus. 
The impact of competition and consumer protection legislation 
The Group's business must comply with regulations regarding competition, consumer protection and 
public aid. Under the Polish Antimonopoly Act, the President of the Office for Competition and 
Consumer Protection (Urząd Ochrony Konkurencji i Konsumentów, the OCCP) has the right to issue 
a decision stating that a business entity is participating in an arrangement which aims at or results in 
the limitation of competition.  Moreover, the President of the OCCP may accuse business entities 
having a dominant position in the Polish market of an abuse of such position.  Having determined that 
such practice has taken place, the President of the OCCP may order the discontinuance of such practices 
and may also impose a fine.  The President of the OCCP also has the authority to declare that 
the provisions of agreements, as well as the tariffs and fees used by a particular business, violate 
the collective interest of consumers and, as a consequence, may order the discontinuance of such 
agreements and impose a fine on the business. 
If there is any suspicion of a breach which could impact trade between Member States, the Treaty 
Establishing the European Community and other community legislation apply directly, while 
the authority competent to enforce them is the European Commission or the President of the OCCP.  
Within the scope of their competencies, the European Commission or the President of the OCCP may 
come to the conclusion that a specific action of a business entity constitutes a prohibited action that 
restricts competition and is an abuse of market position or breach of common consumer interests, and 
they may prohibit any such practices or apply other sanctions provided for in the community law 
regulations or the Act on Protection of Competition and Consumers, which may adversely affect 
the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
The Act amending the Act on Protection of Competition and Consumers, which entered into force on 
17 April 2016, gives the President of the OCCP certain additional powers.  In particular, the President 
of the OCCP is permitted to issue administrative decisions concerning prohibited clauses in contract 
templates and ban their further use.  The amended Act on Protection of Competition and Consumers 
introduced a new prohibition on breaching the collective interest of consumers by the mis-selling of 
financial services.  
The current developments regarding the strengthening of consumer rights might lead to further 
obligations being imposed on the Group, which, in the case of a failure to comply with such rules, could 
adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group.

--- Page 31 ---
24 
 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of 
the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return.  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk 
in light of other investments available at that time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to 
a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and 
any conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such 
Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders.  Where 
the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may 
be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same 
reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  
Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in 
response to changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do 
prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of 
such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities.  
Limitation on gross-up obligation under the Notes 
The Issuer's obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect 
of taxes under the terms of Notes that are Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior 
Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes applies only to payments of interest due and paid 
under such Notes and not to payments of principal.  As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay 
any additional amounts under the terms of any such Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction 
applied to payments of principal.  Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to 
any payments of principal under any such Notes, their holders may receive less than the full amount 
due under the Notes, and the market value of the Notes may be adversely affected.  Holders of Notes 
should note that principal for these purposes may include any payments of premium.

--- Page 32 ---
25 
 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including the euro interbank offered 
rate (EURIBOR) and Warsaw interbank offered rate (WIBOR)) are the subject of national and 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective 
whilst others are still to be implemented.  These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark.   
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use 
of a benchmark within the EU.  Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise 
recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision 
of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK.  Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the Financial Conduct 
Authority (the FCA) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or 
other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable.  Such changes could, 
among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
In July 2022, the national working group for the reform of benchmarks (the Working Group) was 
established to determine the benchmark that will replace WIBOR.  The Working Group is composed of 
the representatives of the Ministry of Finance, the National Bank of Poland (NBP), the KNF and 
the largest Polish financial institutions.  On 28 September 2022 the Working Group announced 
a roadmap for phasing out WIBOR and replacing it with a new benchmark, WIRON (Warsaw Interest 
Rate Overnight).  Under the roadmap, financial products based on WIRON will be introduced in 2023 
and WIBOR will be withdrawn in 2025. 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR.  The guiding principles indicate, amongst other 
things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) 
may increase the risk to the euro area financial system.  On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working 
group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: 
(i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; 
(ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to 
the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as 
a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material

--- Page 33 ---
26 
 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent 
(in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, 
as applicable, or any of the international or national reforms and the possible application of 
the benchmark replacement provisions of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any 
Notes referencing a benchmark. 
Benchmark discontinuation under the Conditions 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that 
a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (as applicable) occurs in respect of the Original 
Reference Rate for the relevant series of Notes, including (without limitation) if an inter-bank offered 
rate (such as EURIBOR or WIBOR) or other relevant reference rate (which could include, without 
limitation, any mid-swap rate), and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any 
other successor service) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event 
(each as defined in the Terms and Conditions), as applicable, otherwise occurs.  
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to 
a successor, alternative or a Benchmark Replacement (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) together 
with the application of an adjustment spread or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment (as defined in 
the Terms and Conditions) (which could be positive, negative or zero), and may include amendments 
to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the new benchmark, all as 
determined by the Issuer (acting in good faith and in consultation with an Independent Adviser) and as 
more fully described at Condition 6.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes).  However, the Issuer will not be 
required to implement a successor, alternative or Benchmark Replacement or any adjustment spread or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment or make any amendments to the Conditions of any Notes if and 
to the extent that, in its determination, the same could reasonably be expected to impact adversely 
the treatment of the Notes under the prudential or loss-absorption regulations in certain respects, and in 
such case the Issuer may, subject to certain conditions, be able to apply the provisions of Condition 6.2 
(Interest on Floating Rate Notes) on an adjusted basis to avoid that outcome, all as more fully described 
under Condition 6.2(c)(i)(D).  It is possible that the adoption of a successor or alternative rate or 
Benchmark Replacement, including any adjustment spread or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, 
may result in a rate of interest less favourable to holders than the Original Reference Rate.  
There is also a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as expected or as intended at 
the relevant time. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as a reference rate 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes identifies that the Rate of Interest 
for such Notes will be determined by reference to SONIA or SOFR, the Rate of Interest will be 
determined on the basis of the relevant reference rate (as further described in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes). All such rates are based on 'overnight rates'. Overnight rates differ from interbank offered 
rates, such as LIBOR, in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) that such rates 
are backwards-looking, risk-free overnight rates, whereas LIBOR is expressed on the basis of  
a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors 
should be aware that overnight rates may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for 
Notes issued under the Programme compared to interbank offered rates. The use of overnight rates as 
reference rates for Eurobonds is subject to continued change and development, both in terms of 
the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for 
the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such overnight rates.

--- Page 34 ---
27 
 
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Notes referencing any overnight rates should be aware that 
the market continues to develop in relation to such rates in the capital markets and their adoption as 
an alternative to interbank offered rates such as LIBOR. Market participants, industry groups and/or 
central bank-led working groups have explored compounded and weighted average rates and 
observation methodologies for such rates (including so-called 'shift', 'lag', and 'lock-out' methodologies) 
and forward-looking 'term' reference rates derived from these overnight rates have also been, or are 
being, developed.  The adoption of overnight rates may also see component inputs into swap rates or 
other composite rates transferring from LIBOR or another reference rate to an overnight rate. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt overnight rates in a way that differs significantly 
from those set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes issued under the Programme. In addition, 
the methodology for determining any overnight rate index by reference to which the Rate of Interest in 
respect of certain Notes may be calculated could change during the life of any Notes. Furthermore, the 
Issuer may in the future issue Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR that differ materially in terms of 
interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA-, or SOFR- referenced Notes issued 
by it under the Programme. The continued development of overnight rates as interest reference rates for 
the Eurobond markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced 
liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise adversely affect the market price of any such Notes 
issued under the Programme from time to time. 
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest on Notes which reference overnight rates is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in 
Notes which reference overnight rates to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable 
on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to 
their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in 
contrast to LIBOR-based Notes, if Notes referencing an overnight rate become due and payable as a 
result of an Event of Default under Condition 11 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early 
on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such 
Notes shall only be determined immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and 
payable.  
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of overnight rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially when compared with the application and adoption of the same overnight rates for the same 
currencies in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully 
consider how any mismatch between the adoption of overnight rates across these markets may impact 
any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing overnight rates.  
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect 
to any such Notes. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Notes may be required to absorb losses as a result of statutory powers conferred on the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
The Noteholders are subject to the risk that the Notes may be required to absorb losses as a result of 
statutory powers conferred on the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
The BRRD contains various resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination 
where the Relevant Resolution Authority considers that (a) a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail, 
(b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure 
of such relevant entity within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest.  
The powers provided to the Relevant Resolution Authority under the BRRD include, among others,

--- Page 35 ---
28 
 
a statutory write-down and conversion power that can be used to ensure that tier 1 and tier 2 
subordinated capital instruments (which could include Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) fully absorb losses 
at the point of non-viability of an institution or its group and before any resolution action is taken.  There 
is also a separate resolution tool, the "bail-in tool", which gives the Relevant Resolution Authority the 
power to cancel all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, certain unsecured liabilities 
and to convert certain unsecured debt claims (including Notes) to equity, which equity could also be 
subject to any future write-down.  The bail-in tool can be used to recapitalise an institution that is failing 
or likely to fail, allowing authorities to restructure it through the resolution process and restore its 
viability after reorganisation and restructuring.  Under the BRRD the point of non-viability of 
a resolution entity is the point at which the relevant resolution authority determines that the resolution 
entity or its group: (i) meets conditions for resolution; or (ii) will no longer be viable unless the relevant 
instruments (such as Notes issued under the Programme) are written down or converted into equity; 
(iii) requires extraordinary public financial support in any case other than to remedy a serious 
disturbance in the economy of an EEA member state and to preserve financial stability; or (iv) infringes 
or, in the near future, will infringe its consolidated prudential requirements in a way that would justify 
action by the resolution authority.  
In addition, the powers granted to the Relevant Resolution Authority under the BRRD include 
the following resolution tools: (i) to direct the sale of the relevant financial institution or the whole or 
part of its business on commercial terms without requiring the consent of the shareholders or compliance 
with the procedural requirements that would otherwise apply, (ii) to transfer all or part of the business 
of the relevant financial institution to a "bridge bank" (a publicly controlled entity), and (iii) to transfer 
the assets of the relevant financial institution to an asset management vehicle to allow them to be 
managed over time.  The BRRD also grants powers to enable the Relevant Resolution Authority to 
implement the resolution tools, including the power to replace or substitute the relevant financial 
institution as obligor in respect of debt instruments, the power to modify the terms of debt instruments 
(including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary 
suspension on payments), and/or the power to discontinue the listing and admission to trading of 
financial instruments.  Any application of the "bail-in" power shall be in accordance with the hierarchy 
of claims in normal insolvency proceedings.  Accordingly, the impact of such application on 
Noteholders will depend on their ranking in accordance with such hierarchy, including any priority 
given to other creditors such as depositors. 
As a result, the BRRD contemplates that resolution authorities may require the permanent write-down 
of such capital instruments (which write-down may be in full) or the conversion of them into common 
equity tier 1 instruments at the point of non-viability (which common equity Tier 1 instruments may 
also be subject to any application of the general bail-in tool described above) and before any other bail-
in or resolution tool can be used.  The application of any non-viable loss-absorption measure may result 
in Noteholders losing some or all of their investment. The exercise of any such power may be inherently 
unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may be outside the Issuer's control.  
While the BRRD provides for compensation to be paid to certain creditors (which may in certain cases 
be given in the form of equity shares) who receive less in a resolution of a relevant entity than they 
would have received had that entity been allowed to enter into normal insolvency proceedings (known 
as the ''no creditor worse off'' or ''NCWO'' protection), there can be no guarantee that any Noteholder 
or Couponholder will be eligible to receive compensation for any losses in respect of their Notes, or 
that any compensation received will cover their losses on their Notes in full. 
Under the terms of the Notes, investors will agree to be bound by and consent to the exercise of any 
bail-in power. 
The Notes may be subject to the exercise, in the future, of a bail-in power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority and the Notes include a contractual consent to the application of the bail-in power and,

--- Page 36 ---
29 
 
consequently, investors may lose part or all of their investment in the Notes (see Condition 21 
(Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers). 
By acquiring Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be bound by 
(a) the effect of the exercise of any bail-in power by the Relevant Resolution Authority that may include 
and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of 
the principal amount of, or any interest on, the Notes or any other outstanding amounts due under, or in 
respect of, the Notes; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or any interest 
on, the Notes or any other outstanding amounts due under, or in respect of, the Notes into shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on 
the Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Notes; (iii) the cancellation of the Notes; and 
(iv) the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest 
payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending 
payment for a temporary period; and (b) the variation of the terms of the Notes, if necessary, to give 
effect to the exercise of any bail-in power by the Relevant Resolution Authority.  The exercise of any 
such powers or any suggestion of, or perception of there being an increased likelihood of, such exercise 
could materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of the Notes or the ability 
of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. 
Remedies in case of default in respect of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior 
Subordinated Notes or in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes are severely limited.  
The Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes will contain limited enforcement events relating to the bankruptcy or the winding-
up or liquidation of the Issuer, whether in Poland or any other relevant jurisdiction. In such 
circumstances, as described in more detail in in Condition 11.3 (Events of Default relating to Senior 
MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes), a Noteholder may declare its Notes to be due and payable at their principal amount (or such 
other redemption amount as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), and prove or claim in 
the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer.   
However, the Noteholder, may claim payment in respect of such Note only in the winding up or 
liquidation or, as the case may be, bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
Noteholders will not have any rights to petition for the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer under 
Polish law, as only the KNF and the BGF are authorised to file an insolvency application concerning 
a Polish bank.  Noteholders are therefore dependent upon action being taken by a third party before they 
have any right to declare their Notes due and payable or have any ability to prove or claim in 
the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity at the Issuer's option for taxation reasons or upon 
the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event or an MREL Disqualification Event, subject to 
certain conditions. 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes 
due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 9), 
the Issuer may, at its option, redeem all outstanding Notes in whole, but not in part, in accordance with 
the Conditions.  Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 
2 Subordinated Notes (as applicable) may also be redeemed for taxation reasons if the Issuer would not 
be entitled to claim a deduction in computing taxation liabilities in any Tax Jurisdiction in respect of 
any payment of interest to be made on the Notes on the next payment date due under the Notes or the 
value of such deduction to the Issuer would be materially reduced.  In each case, the Issuer may only

--- Page 37 ---
30 
 
redeem such Notes (i) if such additional payment or inability to claim a tax deduction (as applicable) 
occurs or the applicable tax treatment of the Notes is materially affected as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of any Tax Jurisdiction, or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or 
after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and (ii) in the case 
of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes only if so permitted 
by the Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL 
Regulations) then in force and subject to the prior consent of the Competent Authority if and as 
applicable (if such permission is required), as further described in Condition 8.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons). 
Furthermore, if a Capital Disqualification Event occurs as a result of a change (or any pending change 
which the Competent Authority considers sufficiently certain) in Polish law or law of any other relevant 
jurisdiction, Applicable Banking Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation 
thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer may redeem all, and not some only, of 
any Series of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes subject to such redemption being permitted by the Applicable 
Banking Regulations then in force and subject to the prior consent of the Competent Authority if and 
as applicable (if such permission is required), as further described in Condition 8.3 (Early Redemption 
due to Capital Disqualification Event). 
In relation to a Series of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated 
Notes where MREL Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms only, if an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing as a result of a change in 
Applicable Banking Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Senior Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, subject 
to such redemption being permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) then in force, and subject to the prior consent of 
the Competent Authority if and as applicable (if such permission is required), as further described in 
Condition 8.4 (Early Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event). 
In respect of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, the regulatory conditions include the requirement under CRD 
that, if such Notes are to be redeemed during the first five years after the issuance of the relevant Series 
of such Notes, the Issuer must demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the event 
triggering such redemption was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the issue of the Notes and, in 
the case of an early redemption relating to the tax treatment of the Notes, that the change in tax treatment 
is material and, in the case of an early redemption relating to a Capital Disqualification Event, that such 
change is sufficiently certain.  These foreseeability and materiality conditions to redemption contained 
in CRD only apply to a redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes occurring in the first five years after 
the issue date of the relevant Series of such Notes and, therefore, an issuer of regulatory capital 
securities, such as the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, could opt to redeem such Notes for tax or regulatory 
reasons after such fifth anniversary, including based upon an event that occurred within the first five 
years of issue.  There can therefore be no assurances that Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will not be called 
for tax or regulatory reasons prior to any specified optional call date.  
Where the Issuer has the right to redeem Notes, it may be more likely to do so when its cost of borrowing 
is lower than the interest rate on the Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes 
being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should 
consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.

--- Page 38 ---
31 
 
Under certain circumstances, the Issuer's ability to redeem or repurchase the Notes may be limited. 
The CRD or BRRD, as applicable, prescribes certain conditions for the granting of permission by 
the Competent Authority to a request by the Issuer to redeem or repurchase the Notes prior to their 
stated maturity date.  Those conditions include the following: (i) before such redemption the Notes shall 
be replaced with own funds or eligible liabilities of equal or higher quality; (ii) the Issuer shall 
demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that following such redemption own funds 
or eligible liabilities of the Issuer exceed the requirements specified in the CRD and/or BRRD by at 
least the margin the Competent Authority considers necessary; or (iii) the Issuer shall demonstrate to 
the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the partial or full replacement of the Notes constituting 
the eligible liabilities with instruments classified as own funds is necessary to ensure compliance with 
capital requirements applicable to the Issuer.  The Issuer may redeem or repurchase the Notes prior to 
their stated maturity date only if such redemption or repurchase is in accordance with the Applicable 
Banking Regulations and it has been granted the approval of or permission from the Competent 
Authority and any other requirements of the Applicable Banking Regulations applicable to such 
redemptions or repurchases at the time have been complied with by the Issuer.  The rules under CRD 
and/or BRRD may be modified from time to time after the Issue Date of the Notes.  
Some Notes may be subordinated to most of the Issuer's liabilities. 
If Notes are subordinated or senior non-preferred obligations of the Issuer, and the Issuer is declared 
insolvent and/or a winding up is initiated, claims in respect of such Notes will rank as described in 
the Conditions and the Issuer will be required to pay certain of its other creditors in full before it can 
make any payments on such Notes.  If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining 
after these payments to pay amounts due under its subordinated or senior non-preferred Notes. Investors 
in such Notes could therefore lose some or all of their investment should the Issuer become insolvent 
or should the Notes become subject to the exercise of bail in and loss-absorption powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
The terms of Notes (other than Ordinary Senior Notes that are not Senior MREL Notes) contain 
a no set-off clause. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than Ordinary Senior Notes that are not Senior MREL 
Notes provide that there is no deduction, set-off, netting, compensation or counterclaim arising directly 
or indirectly under or in connection with any Note against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has or 
may have or acquire against any Noteholder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising.  As a result 
Noteholders would not at any time be entitled to set off the Issuer's obligations under the Notes against 
obligations owed by them to the Issuer. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without 
the consent of all investors. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference 
call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting 
their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents.  
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not 
attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give 
their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to 
the majority.

--- Page 39 ---
32 
 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative 
practice. 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law 
or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially 
adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, as a result 
of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in 
their account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding 
without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as 
a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive 
a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed or issued) and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination 
such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have 
a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid 
and difficult to trade. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market 
for the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial 
markets.  Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market.  This is 
particularly the case should the Issuer be in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Notes 
having to be at a substantial discount to their principal amount or for Notes that are especially sensitive 
to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or 
have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors.  These 
types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding.  In addition,

--- Page 40 ---
33 
 
the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency.  These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of 
the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in 
respect of the Notes.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal.  
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase 
above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with 
an investment in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes.  
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by 
the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit 
rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency 
or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  The list of registered and certified rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating 
agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken 
against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.   
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed 
by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is 
certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to 
(a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been 
withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case

--- Page 41 ---
34 
 
of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued 
use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions 
are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain 
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 42 ---
35 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published by the Issuer shall be incorporated in, 
and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the English translation of the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements, published on the Issuer's 
website 
https://www.pkobp.pl/media_files/739d5b26-db00-415e-a2f3-f749fffd9cda.xhtml 
and, including in particular: 
 
Consolidated income statement 
https://www.pkobp.pl/media_files/739d5b26-db00-415e-a2f3-
f749fffd9cda.xhtml#_Toc96553599  
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income https://www.pkobp.pl/media_files/739d5b26-db00-415e-a2f3-
f749fffd9cda.xhtml#_Toc96553600  
Consolidated statement of financial position 
https://www.pkobp.pl/media_files/739d5b26-db00-415e-a2f3-
f749fffd9cda.xhtml#_Toc96553601  
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
https://www.pkobp.pl/media_files/739d5b26-db00-415e-a2f3-
f749fffd9cda.xhtml#_Toc96553602 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
https://www.pkobp.pl/media_files/739d5b26-db00-415e-a2f3-
f749fffd9cda.xhtml#_Toc96553603  
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
https://www.pkobp.pl/media_files/739d5b26-db00-415e-a2f3-
f749fffd9cda.xhtml#_Toc96553633  
(b) 
the English translation of the independent auditors' report on the 2021 Consolidated Financial 
Statements published on the Issuer's website https://www.pkobp.pl/media_files/24b97320-
2d34-4aa1-b6a6-31cfaa54d8c0.xhtml; 
(c) 
the English translation of the 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements published on the Issuer's 
website 
https://www.pkobp.pl/media_files/dbc985d4-7533-4b65-89de-ca326e7c9f36.xhtml, 
including in particular: 
 
Consolidated income statement 
https://www.pkobp.pl/media_files/dbc985d4-7533-4b65-
89de-ca326e7c9f36.xhtml#_Toc112911294  
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income https://www.pkobp.pl/media_files/dbc985d4-7533-4b65-
89de-ca326e7c9f36.xhtml#_Toc112911295    
Consolidated statement of financial position 
https://www.pkobp.pl/media_files/dbc985d4-7533-4b65-
89de-ca326e7c9f36.xhtml#_Toc112911296  
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
https://www.pkobp.pl/media_files/dbc985d4-7533-4b65-
89de-ca326e7c9f36.xhtml#_Toc112911297   
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
https://www.pkobp.pl/media_files/dbc985d4-7533-4b65-
89de-ca326e7c9f36.xhtml#_Toc112911298  
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
https://www.pkobp.pl/media_files/dbc985d4-7533-4b65-
89de-ca326e7c9f36.xhtml#_Toc112911325  
(d) 
the English translation of the independent auditors' report on the 2020 Consolidated Financial 
Statements published on the Issuer's website https://www.pkobp.pl/media_files/f7bbde86-
e274-4892-82ac-db78aa63f21a.xhtml; 
(e) 
the English translation of the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
as of and for the nine months ended 30 September 2022 (the Interim Financial Statements), 
published on the Issuer's website https://www.pkobp.pl/media_files/637ea0e9-5530-4682-
b811-406fa3db980c.pdf, including in particular: 
 
Consolidated income statement 
Page 4 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income Page 5 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
Page 6 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
Pages 7-8 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
Pages 9-10 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 11-94

--- Page 43 ---
36 
 
The documents indicated above that are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are direct 
translations into English from the original languages of the documents.  To the extent that there are any 
inconsistencies between the original language versions and the translations, the original language 
versions shall prevail. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) 
shall, to the extent applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base 
Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  Any statement 
so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus.  In particular, the independent 
registered auditor's reports on 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements and 2020 Consolidated Financial 
Statements contain references to "Other Information" (including the Management Board Report).  Such 
"Other Information" does not form a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means 
any parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or 
are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of 
any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 44 ---
37 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or 
registered form, without interest coupons attached.  Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United 
States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) and Registered Notes will 
be issued outside the United States in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by 
Regulation S. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of 
a temporary global note (a Temporary Bearer Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, a permanent global note (a Permanent Bearer Global Note and, together with a Temporary 
Bearer Global Note, each a Bearer Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated 
in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche 
to a common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) 
and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(b) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior 
to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does 
not necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, 
interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date 
(as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the 
Temporary Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that 
certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in 
the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to 
any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a 
like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is 
issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a 
request as described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series 
or (ii) for definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons 
attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial 
ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given, provided that purchasers 
in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes.  
The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, 
principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange 
of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive 
Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused.

--- Page 45 ---
38 
 
The option for an issue of Bearer Notes to be represented on issue by a Temporary Bearer Global Note 
exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes should not be expressed to be applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms if the Bearer Notes are issued with a minimum Specified Denomination such as €100,000 
(or its equivalent in another currency) plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller 
amount such as €1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will 
be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender 
(as the case may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable 
(free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest 
coupons and talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange 
Event means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 11 (Events of Default) has occurred 
and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, 
statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact 
done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to 
adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent 
Bearer Global Note in definitive form.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any 
holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as 
described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent 
requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of 
the first relevant notice by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) and 
interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled 
to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment 
in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer 
Notes or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with 
the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form 
(a Registered Global Note).  
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Registered Global Notes 
are to be held under the new safe-keeping structure (the NSS), a common safekeeper, as the case may 
be for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of the nominee for

--- Page 46 ---
39 
 
the Common Depositary of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of 
the common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Persons holding beneficial interests 
in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances 
described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Where the Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under 
the NSS, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Registered Global Notes are 
intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that 
the Registered Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant 
Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their life as such recognition 
depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common safekeeper for 
a Registered Global Note held under the NSS will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in 
Condition 7.4 (Payments in respect of Registered Notes) as the registered holder of the Registered 
Global Notes.  None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or 
liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial 
ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any 
records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form 
will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on 
the relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 7.4 (Payments in respect of Registered Notes)) 
immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred 
and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, 
statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact 
done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will 
become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented 
by the Registered Global Note in definitive form.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf 
(acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) may give notice 
to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as 
described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange.  Any such 
exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by 
the Registrar. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, 
except in accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in 
each case to the extent applicable. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Issuing 
and Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is 
intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of

--- Page 47 ---
40 
 
the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which 
are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series 
until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to 
the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) 
applicable to the Notes of such Tranche.   
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 11 
(Events of Default).  In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and 
the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with 
the provisions of the Global Note then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day holders of interests 
in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements 
of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed 
of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 20 December 2022 and executed by the Issuer.

--- Page 48 ---
41 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA).  For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EU, (as amended , the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the EU PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to, be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA.  
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification: In connection with Sections 309B of 
the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from 
time to time (the SFA) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes as 
["prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)]/[   ].] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (as amended, MiFID II)/MiFID 
II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in

--- Page 49 ---
42 
 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the [European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018/EUWA] (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.].] 
FINAL TERMS 
Powszechna Kasa Oszczędności Bank Polski S.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): P4GTT6GF1W40CVIMFR43 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 4,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
(the Conditions) set forth in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 20 December 2022[, as 
supplemented by the supplement(s) to it dated []] (the Base Prospectus) issued in relation to 
the 4,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Powszechna Kasa Oszczędności Bank 
Polski S.A. which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation.]  
The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended).  
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
and any supplements thereto in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis 
of a combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at the Issuer's website https://www.pkobp.pl/investor-
relations/issuance-and-ratings/, and at the offices of the Paying Agents specified in the Base Prospectus. 
Copies may, upon oral or written request, also be obtained from the Paying Agents upon provision of 
proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent). 
These Final Terms do not constitute, and may not be used for the purposes of, an offer or solicitation 
by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation; and no action is being taken to permit an offering 
of the Notes or the distribution of these Final Terms in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is specified for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs, save in respect of the items in Part B, which may be deleted in accordance with the relevant 
footnotes. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[Date]

--- Page 50 ---
43 
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[  ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[  ] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the 
Issue Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [   ] below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable]  
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[  ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[  ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[  ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[  ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[  ] 
 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of €100,000 (or equivalent)). 
 
 
(Note – where Bearer multiple denominations 
above [€100,000] or equivalent are being used 
the following sample wording should be 
followed: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].  
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].") 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[  ] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[  ]

--- Page 51 ---
44 
 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[  ]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month]]  
(Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will have a maturity 
of not less than five years or as otherwise 
permitted 
in 
accordance 
with 
Applicable 
Banking Regulations in force at the relevant 
time.) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[  ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[] month [EURIBOR/WIBOR/Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA/Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR/ 
Weighted Average SOFR] 
+/- [  ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [13]/[14]/[15] below) 
9. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed at par on 
the Maturity Date 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) 
[date] paragraph [13]]/[14] applies and for the 
period from (and including) [date] to (but 
excluding) 
the 
Maturity 
Date, 
paragraph 
[13]/[14] applies][Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
Issuer 
Call 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 
8.6 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer 
Call)) is [Applicable/Not Applicable] [See 
paragraph 16 below] 
 
 
Investor 
Put 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 
8.7 
(Redemption at the option of the Noteholders 
(Investor Put)) is [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[See paragraph 17 below] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
Status of the Notes: 
 
 
(a) 
Senior: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 52 ---
45 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
Status: 
[Ordinary Senior Notes/Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes]  
 
 
Senior MREL Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Events of Default: 
[Condition 11.1 (Events of Default relating to 
Ordinary Senior Notes that are not Senior MREL 
Notes) applies] / [Condition 11.3 (Events of 
Default relating to Senior MREL Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated 
Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) applies] 
 
(b) 
Subordinated: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
Status: 
[Senior Subordinated Notes/Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[[  ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[  ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date] 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form) 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form) 
[  ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [  ] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[  ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert

--- Page 53 ---
46 
 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short, first or last, coupon) 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[  ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (b) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable] 
("Specified Period" and "Specified Interest 
Payment Dates" are alternatives. A "Specified 
Period", rather than "Specified Interest Payment 
Dates", will only be relevant if the Business Day 
Convention is the Floating Rate Convention. 
Otherwise, insert "Not Applicable") 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[  ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent): 
[  ] (the Calculation Agent)/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[ 
 
] 
month 
[EURIBOR]/  
[WIBOR]/[Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA]/[Compounded Daily SOFR]/[Weighted 
Average SOFR] 
 
 
Term Rate 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Overnight Rate 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 54 ---
47 
 
 
 
Relevant Number: 
[[5/[    ]] [[London Banking Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If "Index Determination" is "Not Applicable", 
delete "Relevant Number" and complete the 
remaining bullets below) 
(If "Index Determination" is "Applicable", insert 
number of days (expected to be five or greater) as 
the Relevant Number, and the remaining bullets 
below will each be "Not Applicable") 
 
 
D 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Observation Method 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation 
Shift/Not 
Applicable] 
 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking 
Days] 
[U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Days] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] [Not 
Applicable]  
(NB: A minimum of 5 relevant 
business/banking days should be 
specified for the Lag Period or 
Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise 
agreed 
with 
the 
Calculation Agent)  
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[     ] [TARGET/[      ]] Business Days [in [      ]] 
prior to the [      ] day in each Interest Period/each 
Interest Payment Date][The [first/[      ]] [London 
Banking Day]/[TARGET Business Day] / [U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day] falling 
after the last day of the relevant Observation 
Period][The [first/[    ]] Banking Day falling after 
the last day of the relevant Observation Period 
(where [City] Banking Day means any day on 
which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in [City])][      ] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[         ](In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)

--- Page 55 ---
48 
 
 
(g) 
ISDA Determination  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph (g)) 
(If applicable, and "2021 ISDA Definitions" is 
selected 
below, 
note 
that 
"Administrator/Benchmark 
Event", 
"Generic 
Fallbacks" and "Calculation Agent Alternative 
Rate Determination" are not workable in a notes 
context. Amendments will therefore need to be 
made to the Conditions which will require a 
drawdown prospectus for the issue.) 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006/2021] ISDA Definitions 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[  ] 
(If "2021 ISDA Definitions" is selected, ensure 
this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)) 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[  ]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is a 
risk-free rate) 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[  ] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the 
first day of the interest period) 
 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
 
 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback: 
Lookback: [[  ] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift: 
Observation Period Shift: [[  ] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [  ]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout:

--- Page 56 ---
49 
 
Lockout: [[  ] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [  ]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
 
 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [[  ] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[  ] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [  ]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[  ] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [  ]/[Applicable 
Business Days] 
 
 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
 
 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[  ] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [  ]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)]

--- Page 57 ---
50 
 
 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [  ] per cent. per annum 
 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[  ] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] [Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[  ][Any day falling in the period commencing on 
(and including) [  ] and ending on ([and 
including/but excluding]) [  ] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[  ]

--- Page 58 ---
51 
 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[  ] 
 
(d) 
Notice period: 
[  ] 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of five clearing system 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent) 
17. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) or 
Put Period(s): 
[  ] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice period: 
[  ] 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent) 
18. 
MREL Disqualification Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
20. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for tax reasons, Capital 
Disqualification 
Event, 
MREL 
Disqualification Event or on Event of 
Default: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes:

--- Page 59 ---
52 
 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer 
Notes: 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which 
is exchangeable for Definitive Notes upon an 
Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee 
for a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
22. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[  ]] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purpose of calculating the amount of 
interest to which sub- paragraph 15(c) relates) 
23. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made]/[No.] 
24. 
Substitution and Variation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
SIGNED on behalf of Powszechna Kasa 
Oszczędności Bank Polski S.A.: 
 
 
 
By:  .......................................................... 
 
 
By: ........................................................... 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 60 ---
53 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be 
made] by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be listed on the [Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/[Warsaw Stock 
Exchange] and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the [Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange]/[Warsaw Stock Exchange] with 
effect from [  ].]/[Not applicable.] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to be] rated [  ] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Each of ][defined terms] is established in the [EEA] and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation)]  
[Each of ][defined terms] is established in the United Kingdom and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of [the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]/[the EUWA] (the UK CRA Regulation)] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.]  
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business./ [  ]./Not Applicable.]] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
The net proceeds from the issue of Notes will be 
applied by the Issuer for [specify use of proceeds]. 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[  ] 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[  ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[  ]/[Not Applicable]. 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[  ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[  ]

--- Page 61 ---
54 
 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[  ], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) [or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN]/Not Applicable/other]. 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[  ], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) [or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN]/Not Applicable/other]. 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested 
or available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable"). 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[  ] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper] [include this text for Registered Notes 
which are to be held under the NSS] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them, the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safekeeper][include this text for 
Registered Notes]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra- day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being

--- Page 62 ---
55 
 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
(ix) 
Trade Date 
[  ] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated:  
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[  ]] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[  ]] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)] 
 
 
8. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 63 ---
56 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into 
each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by 
the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will 
have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions.  The applicable Final Terms 
(or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and 
definitive Note.  Reference should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content 
of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Powszechna Kasa Oszczędności 
Bank Polski S.A. (the Issuer) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note in 
bearer form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (Registered Notes) (whether or not issued in exchange 
for a Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency 
Agreement) dated 20 December 2022 and made between the Issuer, The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent, which expression shall include any successor issuing and principal paying agent) and 
(unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) as calculation agent (the Calculation Agent), 
and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, the 
Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), The Bank 
of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall include 
any successor registrar) and as a transfer agent (together with the other transfer agents named therein, 
the Transfer Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents).  
The Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Registrar, the Paying Agents and 
the Transfer Agents are together referred to as the Agents. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions).  
References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms 
(or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note.  The expression Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Bearer 
Notes which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons 
for further Coupons (Talons) attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, 
unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Registered 
Notes and Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue.

--- Page 64 ---
57 
 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the 
Notes are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as 
provided below.  Any reference herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and 
shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have 
the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for 
the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to 
accrue. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed 
of Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) 
dated 20 December 2022 and made by the Issuer.  The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the 
common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection upon request 
during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided 
by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agents and provision of 
proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent).  If the Notes are to 
be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the applicable Final 
Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit 
of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms 
which are applicable to them.  The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject 
to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and 
the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, 
as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified 
Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another 
Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice 
versa. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or 
a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
This Note may also be an Ordinary Senior Note, a Senior Non-Preferred Note, a Senior 
Subordinated Note or a Tier 2 Subordinated Note, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 65 ---
58 
 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes 
in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title 
to the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with 
the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  The Issuer and any Agent will (except as otherwise 
required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered 
holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or 
theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to 
the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), 
each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being 
shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to 
the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of 
manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Agents as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or 
interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant 
Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be 
treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions 
Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with 
the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be.  References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever 
the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing 
system specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if 
appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and 
transferees of such interests.  A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in 
definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note of the same series 
only in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in 
accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions 
specified in the Agency Agreement. 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraph 2.3 (Registration of transfer upon partial redemption), upon 
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note 
in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set 
out in the applicable Final Terms).  In order to effect any such transfer (a) the holder or holders

--- Page 66 ---
59 
 
must (i) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Note 
(or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with 
the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or their attorney or 
attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and deposit such other certifications as 
may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after 
due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person 
making the request.  Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the 
Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set 
out in Schedule 7 to the Agency Agreement).  Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer 
Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open 
for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of 
the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or 
other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery 
of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured 
mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form 
of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered 
Note) transferred.  In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive 
form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered Note 
not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the 
transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), 
the Issuer shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of 
a Registered Note, called for partial redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover 
any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to 
the registration. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Ordinary Senior Notes 
(the Ordinary Senior Notes), Senior Non-Preferred Notes (the Senior Non-Preferred Notes), 
Senior Subordinated Notes (the Senior Subordinated Notes) or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
(the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes). 
3.1 
Status of the Ordinary Senior Notes 
This Condition 3.1 is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being Ordinary Senior Notes (including Senior MREL Notes), and references to "Notes" in this 
Condition 3.1 shall be construed accordingly.  In such case, the Notes constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any 
mandatory provisions of law, upon the insolvency of the Issuer as set out in the Polish Act dated 
28 February 2003 Insolvency Law, as may be amended from time to time (Insolvency Law), 
the rights of the holders of the Notes to payments on or in respect of the Notes shall rank: 
(a) 
in respect of principal:

--- Page 67 ---
60 
 
(i) 
junior to: (A) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 1, 2 and 3a) to 
3c) (inclusive) of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of 
the Insolvency Law; and (B) any present and future obligations of the Issuer 
which are senior to principal of the Ordinary Senior Notes in accordance with 
the Insolvency Law; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Higher Priority 
Liabilities; and 
(iii) 
senior to: (A) accrued but unpaid interest on Senior Higher Priority Liabilities 
(including the Notes) as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure; 
(B) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 4 to 10 (inclusive) of the 
Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law 
(including but not limited to Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities); and (C) any 
other present and future obligations of the Issuer which rank junior to principal 
of the Ordinary Senior Notes in accordance with the Insolvency Law; 
(b) 
in respect of interest: 
(i) 
junior to: (A) obligations in respect of principal on Senior Higher Priority 
Liabilities (including the Notes); and (B) any liabilities of the Issuer falling 
into categories 1 to 3 (inclusive) of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with 
art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law; and (C) any present and future 
obligations of the Issuer which rank senior to interest of the Ordinary Senior 
Notes in accordance with the Insolvency Law; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other interest on Senior Higher 
Priority Liabilities; and 
(iii) 
senior to: (A) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 4b) to 10 
(inclusive) of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the 
Insolvency Law (including but not limited to Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities); 
and (B) any other present and future obligations of the Issuer which rank junior 
to interest of the Ordinary Senior Notes in accordance with the Insolvency 
Law. 
3.2 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 3.2 is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being Senior Non-Preferred Notes and references to "Notes" in this Condition 3.2 shall be 
construed accordingly.  In such case, the Notes constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any 
mandatory provision of law, the rights of the holders of the Notes to payments on or in respect 
of the Notes shall rank: 
(a) 
junior to: (A) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 1 to 5 (inclusive) of the 
Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law; and (B) 
any other present and future obligations of the Issuer which rank senior to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with the Insolvency Law; 
(b) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities; and 
(c) 
senior to: (A) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 7 to 10 (inclusive) of 
the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law; and

--- Page 68 ---
61 
 
(B) any other present and future obligations of the Issuer which rank junior to Senior 
Non-Preferred Liabilities in accordance with the Insolvency Law.  
3.3 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 3.3 is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and references to "Notes" in 
this Condition 3.3 shall be construed accordingly.  In such case, the Notes constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and subject to any other 
ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law, upon the insolvency of 
the Issuer as set out in the Insolvency Law, the rights of the holders of the Notes to payments 
on or in respect of the Notes shall rank: 
(a) 
for so long as the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the relevant Senior Subordinated 
Notes constitute Senior Subordinated Liabilities of the Issuer: 
(i) 
junior to (i) liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 1 to 6 (inclusive) of 
the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency 
Law (including any Senior Higher Priority Liabilities and Senior  
Non-Preferred Liabilities), and (ii) any other obligations which by law rank 
senior to the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Senior Subordinated Notes; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with (i) all other claims in respect of Senior 
Subordinated Liabilities, and (ii) any other subordinated obligations which by 
law, rank pari passu with the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Senior 
Subordinated Notes; and 
(iii) 
senior to (i) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 8 to 10 (inclusive) 
of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency 
Law, and (ii) any other obligations of the Issuer which, by law, rank junior to 
the obligations of the Issuer under the relevant Senior Subordinated Notes; and 
(b) 
for so long as the obligations of the Issuer constitute Tier 2 Subordinated Notes of the 
Issuer: 
(i) 
junior to (i) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 1 to 7 (inclusive) 
of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency 
Law and (ii) any other obligations which, by law, rank senior to the Issuer's 
obligations under the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other subordinated obligations 
which, by law and/or by their terms, to the extent permitted by Polish law, rank 
pari passu with the Issuer's obligations under the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes; 
and 
(iii) 
senior to (i) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 9 and 10 of 
the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency 
Law and (ii) any other subordinated obligations of the Issuer which by law rank 
junior to the obligations of the Issuer under the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
3.4 
MREL 
(a) 
To the extent allowed by the Applicable Banking Regulations, Ordinary Senior Notes 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Senior MREL Notes (the Senior 
MREL Notes), Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes and Tier 2

--- Page 69 ---
62 
 
Subordinated Notes may be issued by the Issuer to satisfy the minimum requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities (the MREL). 
(b) 
The rights of holders of the Ordinary Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior 
Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes shall be subject to any present or 
future Polish laws or regulations relating to the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms in the Republic of Poland which are or will be 
applicable to such Notes as a result of the operation of such laws or regulations, 
including, without limitation, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in 
the Republic of Poland, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD and 
(ii) the instruments, rules and standards created under the BRRD.  In particular, in 
the event of the resolution of the Issuer, the Relevant Resolution Authority may  
write-down or convert any MREL Notes ahead of Notes which do not constitute MREL 
Notes. 
3.5 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
Applicable Banking Regulations means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy, solvency or resolution then applicable to 
the Issuer and/or the Group including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, 
the CRD, the CRR Regulation, BRRD, the Creditor Hierarchy Directive, the BGF Act, 
the Insolvency Law and those laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating 
to capital adequacy, solvency and/or resolution adopted by the BGF or other Competent 
Authority from time to time and then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or 
policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to 
the Issuer);  
BGF means Bankowy Fundusz Gwarancyjny; 
BGF Act means a Polish Act of 10 June 2016 on bank guarantee fund, the deposit guarantee 
scheme and resolution (as amended from time to time); 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 establishing the framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be 
amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, including as amended by Directive 
2019/879/EU of the European Parliament and of the European Council of 20 May 2019 and 
including any other relevant implementing regulatory provisions; 
Competent Authority means the Polish Financial Supervision Authority (Komisja Nadzoru 
Finansowego) or any successor or replacement thereto having primary responsibility for the 
prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority 
(if applicable), in any case as determined by the Issuer; 
CRD means any of, or any combination of, the CRD Directive, the CRR Regulation, and any 
CRD Implementing Measures; 
CRD Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to 
time, including, without limitation, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019; 
CRD Implementing Measures means any rules implementing the CRD Directive or the CRR 
Regulation which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated 
or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission,

--- Page 70 ---
63 
 
national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Competent 
Authority or any other relevant authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on a stand-alone 
basis) or the Group (on a consolidated basis) and which prescribe the requirements to be 
fulfilled by financial instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital or the minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, as the case may be, of the Issuer  
(on a  stand-alone basis) or the Group (on a consolidated basis); 
Creditor Hierarchy Directive means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards 
the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy, or any equivalent legislation 
that supersedes or replaces it; 
CRR Regulation means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time; 
Group means the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries; 
MREL Notes means the Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior 
Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes which constitute the Issuer's own funds and 
eligible liabilities under the BGF Act; 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the BGF or any successor to or replacement for 
the BGF and/or any other authority with the ability to exercise any Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
Powers (as defined in Condition 21 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers)) 
in relation to the Issuer and/or the Group; 
Senior Higher Priority Liabilities means any obligations in respect of principal of the Issuer 
under any Ordinary Senior Notes, any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer referred to in Article 440.2.3d) of the Insolvency Law and any other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer having the same ranking in respect of principal as 
the obligations of the Issuer under the Ordinary Senior Notes; 
Senior MREL Notes means the Ordinary Senior Notes which are, as at the relevant Issue Date, 
intended to constitute the Issuer's own funds and eligible liabilities under the BGF Act, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities means any subordinated and unsecured senior non-preferred 
obligations of the Issuer referred to in Article 440.2.6 of the Insolvency Law (including any 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and any other obligations which, by law, rank pari passu with 
Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities; 
Senior Subordinated Liabilities means any subordinated obligation of the Issuer, referred to 
in Article 440.2.7 of the Insolvency Law and any other obligations which, by law, rank pari 
passu with Senior Subordinated Liabilities; and 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes means any subordinated obligations of the Issuer referred to in 
Article 440.2.8 of the Insolvency Law and any other obligations which, by law, rank pari passu 
with the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
4.1 
Negative Pledge 
This Condition 4 is applicable only in relation to Ordinary Senior Notes.  So long as any 
Ordinary Senior Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not create or permit to subsist any 
Security Interest other than a Permitted Security Interest upon the whole or any part of its

--- Page 71 ---
64 
 
present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any 
Relevant External Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes 
equally and rateably therewith or (b) providing such other security for the Notes as may be 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement). 
4.2 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
Permitted Security Interest means a Security Interest on the undertaking or assets of any 
Person existing at the time such Person is acquired by, and becomes a Subsidiary of, the Issuer, 
provided that such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of such acquisition and 
the principal amount secured has not been increased in contemplation of or since such 
acquisition; 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
Relevant External Indebtedness means any Relevant Indebtedness which is payable in or by 
reference to a currency which is not the lawful currency for the time being of Poland; 
Relevant Indebtedness means: (A) any obligation with a maturity greater than one year for the 
payment of borrowed money which is in the form of, represented or evidenced by a note, bond, 
debenture or other security or a similar instrument, which is, or is capable of, being quoted, 
listed, dealt in or traded on a stock exchange or other recognised securities market; or (B) any 
present or future guarantee or indemnity in respect of any of the foregoing; and 
Security Interest means any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, assignment, hypothecation, 
security interest, title retention, preferential right or trust arrangement and any other security 
agreement or arrangement. 
5. 
WAIVER OF SET-OFF 
In the case of any Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes 
and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, no Noteholder may, at any time, exercise or claim any Waived 
Set-Off Rights against any right, claim or liability of the Issuer or that the Issuer may have or 
acquire against such holder, directly or indirectly and howsoever arising (and including all such 
rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all agreements or other 
instruments of any kind or any non-contractual obligation whether or not relating to such Note) 
and each holder of any such Note shall be deemed to have waived all Waived Set-Off Rights 
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in relation to all such actual and potential rights, 
claims and liabilities.  If, notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any Noteholder receives or 
recovers any sum or the benefit of any sum in respect of any Note or related Coupon by virtue 
of any such set-off or counterclaim, it shall, subject to applicable law, immediately pay an 
amount equal to such sum or benefit to the Issuer or, in the event of the winding up of the Issuer, 
to the liquidator of the Issuer and, until such time as payment is made, shall hold the same on 
trust for the Issuer (or, as the case may be, the liquidator) and, accordingly, any such discharge 
of the amount due shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 4 is intended to provide, or shall be 
construed as acknowledging, any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention 
or counterclaim or that any such right is or would be available to any Noteholder of any Note 
but for this Condition.

--- Page 72 ---
65 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 4, Waived Set-Off Rights means any and all rights or claims 
of any holder of a Note against the Issuer for deduction, set-off, netting, compensation or 
counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with any Note. 
6. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate 
Notes or Zero Coupon Notes. 
6.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending 
on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest 
on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to 
the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next 
(or first) Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect 
of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or 
(ii) Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of 
(A) the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered 
Notes; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, 
the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount, as applicable, to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rates Notes 
which are Registered Notes in definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit 
of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.   
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive 
form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such 
Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) 
for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to 
reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, 
in accordance with this Condition 6.1:

--- Page 73 ---
66 
 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(the Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar 
year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided 
by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to 
(but excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest 
Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period 
commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination 
Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, one cent. 
6.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or

--- Page 74 ---
67 
 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, 
an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified 
as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In these Conditions, Interest 
Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or 
the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 6.2 
(Interest – Interest on Floating Rate Notes – Interest Payment Dates – (ii)) above, 
the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of 
(ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest 
Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified 
Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in each Additional Business Centre (other than the Trans-European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System 
(the TARGET2 System)) specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency

--- Page 75 ---
68 
 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any).  For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate 
for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent was acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined 
below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating (i) if 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
(ISDA) and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes; or (ii) if "2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as published 
by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; (together, the ISDA 
Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms;   
(D) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method is one of the following as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
Compounding with Lookback; 
(b) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; or 
(c) 
Compounding with Lockout; and 
(E) 
if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, 
the Index Method is Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the ISDA 
Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall be 
deemed to be references to the numbers or other items specified for such purpose in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 76 ---
69 
 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option,  
Designated Maturity, Reset Date, Overnight Floating Rate Option, Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method, Compounding with Lookback, Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift, Compounding with Lockout, Averaging with 
Lookback, Averaging with Observation Period Shift, Averaging with Lockout, 
Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, Index Method and Compounded Index 
Method with Observation Period Shift have the meanings given to those terms in 
the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes - Term Rate 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" and "Term Rate" are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be "Applicable", and the Reference Rate is specified as being other than 
Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR or Weighted Average SOFR, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either 
EURIBOR or WIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on 
that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case 
of EURIBOR or Warsaw time on the case of WIBOR) on the Interest Determination 
Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more 
than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
Fallback 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of subclause 6.2(b)(ii)(A), 
no offered quotation appears or, in the case of subclause 6.2(b)(ii)(B), fewer than three 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Issuer shall request 
each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 
the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question.  If two or more of 
the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered quotations upon 
the Issuer's request, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation upon the Issuer's request as provided 
in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be

--- Page 77 ---
70 
 
the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated to the Calculation Agent upon the Issuer's 
request, by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market 
(if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Warsaw inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is WIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered rates upon 
the Issuer's request, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, 
at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer 
suitable for the purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks 
in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Warsaw 
inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is WIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall 
be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Overnight Rate - Compounded 
Daily SONIA - Non-Index Determination 
This Condition 6.2(b)(iii) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies: (1) "Screen Rate 
Determination" and "Overnight Rate" to be "Applicable"; (2) "Compounded Daily SONIA" as 
the Reference Rate; and (3) "Index Determination" to be "Not Applicable". 
(A) 
The Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 6.2(c) and 
as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA with respect to such Interest Accrual 
Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SONIA means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight 
reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by 
the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with 
the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to 
the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑 
where:

--- Page 78 ---
71 
 
d 
is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Observation Period; 
D 
is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, 365); 
do 
means: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the number of London Banking 
Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number of London 
Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i 
is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing 
the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day to, and including, the last 
London Banking Day, in:  
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Observation Period; 
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
ni 
for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from (and including) such London Banking Day "i" up to 
(but excluding) the following London Banking Day; 
Observation Period means the period from (and including) the date falling 
"p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period to (but excluding) the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to 
(A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period or (B) (in the case of any other Interest Accrual Period) the date 
on which the relevant payment of interest falls due;  
p 
means:

--- Page 79 ---
72 
 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the number of London Banking 
Days specified as the "Lag Period" in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five London 
Banking Days); or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number of London 
Banking Days specified as the "Observation Shift Period" in 
the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
five London Banking Days); 
the SONIA reference rate, in respect of any London Banking Day (LBDx), is 
a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) 
rate for such LBDx as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following 
LBDx; and 
SONIAi means the SONIA reference rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the London Banking Day falling 
"p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant London 
Banking Day "i"; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant London 
Banking Day "i". 
(B) 
Subject to Condition 6.2(c), where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to 
Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(A) above, in respect of any London Banking Day on which an 
applicable SONIA reference rate is required to be determined, such SONIA reference 
rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the SONIA reference rate in 
respect of such London Banking Day shall be the rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent as:  
(1) 
the sum of (i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if earlier, close of business) on such London 
Banking Day; and (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA reference rate to 
the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days in respect of which 
a SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if 
there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and 
lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those 
lowest spreads); or 
(2) 
if the Bank Rate under (1)(i) above is not available at the relevant time, either 
(A) the SONIA reference rate published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding London Banking Day in respect of which the SONIA reference rate 
was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by

--- Page 80 ---
73 
 
the relevant authorised distributors) or (B) if this is more recent, the latest rate 
determined under (1) above, 
and, in each case, references to "SONIA reference rate" in Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(A) 
above shall be construed accordingly. 
(C) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.2(b)(iii), and without prejudice to 
Condition 6.2(c), the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(1) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date on which 
the Rate of Interest was so determined (though substituting, where a different 
Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period); or  
(2) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first scheduled 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to 
the first scheduled Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (applying the Margin and, if applicable, any Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, applicable to the first 
scheduled Interest Period), 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Overnight Rate – Compounded 
Daily SONIA – Index Determination 
This Condition 6.2(b)(iv) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies: (1) "Screen Rate 
Determination" and "Overnight Rate" to be "Applicable"; (2) "Compounded Daily SONIA" as 
the Reference Rate; and (3) "Index Determination" to be "Applicable". 
(A) 
The Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 6.2(c) and 
as provided below, be the Compounded Daily SONIA Rate with respect to such Interest 
Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) (expressed as 
a percentage and rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the screen rate 
or index for compounded daily SONIA rates administered by the administrator of 
the SONIA reference rate that is published or displayed on the Relevant Screen Page 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such page is so specified or if such 
page is unavailable at the relevant time, as otherwise published or displayed by such 
administrator or other information service from time to time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date (the SONIA Compounded Index) and in accordance with 
the following formula:

--- Page 81 ---
74 
 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate   =    
where: 
d 
is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in 
relation to which SONIA Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
Relevant Number is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, if no such number is specified, five); 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, 
the SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant 
Number of London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period; 
and 
SONIA Compounded IndexEnd means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, 
the SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant 
Number of London Banking Days prior to (A) the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period, or (B) such other date on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is 
excluded from such Interest Accrual Period).  
(B) 
If the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by 
the administrator of the SONIA reference rate or other information service by 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) (or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled 
time for publication thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing operational 
procedures of the administrator of the SONIA reference rate or of such other 
information service, as the case may be) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
the Compounded Daily SONIA Rate for the applicable Interest Accrual Period for 
which the SONIA Compounded Index is not available shall be "Compounded Daily 
SONIA" determined in accordance with Condition 6.2(b)(iii) above as if "Index 
Determination" were specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Not 
Applicable", and for these purposes: (i) the "Observation Method" shall be deemed to 
be "Observation Shift" and (ii) the "Observation Shift Period" shall be deemed to be 
equal to the Relevant Number of London Banking Days, as if those alternative elections 
had been made in the applicable Final Terms. 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes– Overnight Rate – SOFR – 
Non-Index Determination 
This Condition 6.2(b)(v) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies: (1) "Screen Rate 
Determination" and "Overnight Rate" to be 'Applicable'; (2) either "Compounded Daily SOFR" or 
d 
x 
Index
Compounded 
SONIA
Index
Compounded 
SONIA
Start 
End 
365 
1   
 
 





--- Page 82 ---
75 
 
"Weighted Average SOFR" as the Reference Rate; and (3) "Index Determination" to be 'Not 
Applicable'. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies the Reference Rate to be "Compounded Daily SOFR", 
the provisions of paragraph (A) below of this Condition 6.2(b)(v) apply.  
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies the Reference Rate to be "Weighted Average SOFR", 
the provisions of paragraph (B) below of this Condition 6.2(b)(v) apply.  
(A) 
Compounded Daily SOFR 
Where this paragraph (A) applies, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period 
will, subject to Condition 6.2(c) and as provided below, be Compounded Daily SOFR 
with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily U.S. dollars secured 
overnight financing rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance 
with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary 
to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅i   × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 = 1
−1] × D
𝑑 
where: 
d 
is the number of calendar days in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
D  
is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 360); 
do  
means: 
(i)  
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i  
is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in:

--- Page 83 ---
76 
 
(i)  
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
Lock-out Period means the period from (and including) the day following the Interest 
Determination Date to (but excluding) the corresponding Interest Payment 
Date; 
New York Fed's Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(or a successor administrator of SOFR) or any successor source; 
ni  
for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", means the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day; 
Observation Period means the period from (and including) the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) (in the case of any 
other Interest Accrual Period) the date on which the relevant payment of 
interest falls due; 
p 
means: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
specified as the "Lag Period" in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is so specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days);  
(ii) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, zero U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days; or  
(iii)  where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified as the "Observation Shift Period" in 
the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days); 
Reference Day means each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, other than any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the Lock-out Period; 
SOFR  in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day (USBDx), is a 
reference rate equal to the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided 
by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate 
(or any successor administrator of such rate) on the New York Fed's Website, 
in each case at or around 3.00 p.m. (New York City time) on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately following such USBDx;

--- Page 84 ---
77 
 
SOFRi means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i";  
(ii) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
(I) 
in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" 
that is a Reference Day, the SOFR in respect of the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such 
Reference Day; or 
(II) 
in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" 
that is not a Reference Day (being a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SOFR in respect of 
the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately 
preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the Interest 
Determination Date); or  
(iii)  where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i"; and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(B) 
Weighted Average SOFR 
Where this paragraph (B) applies, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period 
will, subject to Condition 6.2(c) and as provided below, be the Weighted Average 
SOFR with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), all as calculated by 
the Calculation Agent as of the Interest Determination Date (and rounded, if necessary, 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards), where: 
Weighted Average SOFR means: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the arithmetic mean of the SOFR in effect for each calendar day during 
the relevant Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant SOFR 
by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of 
such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in 
the relevant Observation Period.  For these purposes, the SOFR in effect for 
any calendar day which is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day shall 
be deemed to be the SOFR in effect for the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day; and

--- Page 85 ---
78 
 
(ii) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the SOFR in effect for each calendar day 
during the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculated by multiplying each 
relevant SOFR by the number of days such rate is in effect, determining the 
sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided however that for any calendar 
day of such Interest Accrual Period falling in the Lock-out Period, the relevant 
SOFR for each day during that Lock-out Period will be deemed to be the SOFR 
in effect for the Reference Day immediately preceding the first day of such 
Lock-out Period.  For these purposes, the SOFR in effect for any calendar day 
which is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day shall, subject to 
the proviso above, be deemed to be the SOFR in effect for the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day. 
Defined terms used in this paragraph (B) and not otherwise defined herein have 
the meanings given to them in paragraph (A) above of this Condition 6.2(b)(v). 
(C) 
SOFR Unavailable 
Subject to Condition 6.2(c), if, where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant 
to this Condition 6.2(b)(v), in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
in respect of which an applicable SOFR is required to be determined, such SOFR is not 
available, such SOFR shall be the SOFR for the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in respect of which the SOFR was published on the New York 
Fed's Website. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.2(b)(v) but without prejudice to Condition 
6.2(c), the Rate of Interest shall be calculated in accordance, mutatis mutandis, with 
the provisions of Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(C). 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate - SOFR - Index Determination 
This Condition 6.2(b)(vi) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies: (1) "Screen Rate 
Determination" and "Overnight Rate" to be 'Applicable'; (2) "Compounded Daily SOFR" as 
the Reference Rate; and (2) "Index Determination" to be 'Applicable'. 
(A) 
The Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 6.2(c) and 
as provided below, be the Compounded SOFR with respect to such Interest Accrual 
Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate 
(expressed as a percentage and rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
 
where: 
dc 
is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to 
which SOFR IndexEnd is determined;  
dc
x
Index 
SOFR
Index 
SOFR
Start
End 
360
1   
 
 





--- Page 86 ---
79 
 
Relevant Number is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, if no such number is specified, five);  
SOFR  means the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the SOFR 
Administrator on the SOFR Administrator's Website;  
SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of SOFR);  
SOFR Administrator's Website means the website of the SOFR Administrator, or 
any successor source; 
SOFR Index, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means 
the SOFR index value as published by the SOFR Administrator as such index 
appears on the SOFR Administrator's Website at or around 3.00 p.m. (New 
York time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the SOFR 
Determination Time); 
SOFR IndexStart, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, is the SOFR Index value 
for the day which is the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual Period;  
SOFR IndexEnd, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, is the SOFR Index value 
for the day which is the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding (A) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period, or (B) such other date on which the relevant payment of 
interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from such Interest Accrual Period); and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members 
be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities.  
(B) 
If, as at any relevant SOFR Determination Time, the relevant SOFR Index is not 
published or displayed on the SOFR Administrator's Website by the SOFR 
Administrator, the Compounded SOFR for the applicable Interest Accrual Period for 
which the relevant SOFR Index is not available shall be "Compounded Daily SOFR" 
determined in accordance with Condition 6.2(b)(v) above as if "Index Determination" 
were specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 'Not Applicable', and for these 
purposes: (i) the "Observation Method" shall be deemed to be "Observation Shift" and 
(ii) the "Observation Shift Period" shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days, as if such alternative elections had been 
made in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 87 ---
80 
 
(vii) 
Interest Accrual Period 
As used herein, an Interest Accrual Period means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) any 
other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the period 
from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on which 
the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, if the relevant Series of Notes 
becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 11 (Events of Default) shall be 
the date on which such Notes become due and payable). 
(c) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement 
This Condition 6.2(c)(i) applies to Floating Rate Notes other than where the Reference 
Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded Daily SOFR or 
Weighted Average SOFR. 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate at any time when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then 
the following provisions shall apply.  
(A) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining 
a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
6.2(c)(i)(B)) and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread (in accordance with 
Condition 6.2(c)(i)(C)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 6.2(c)(i)(D)). 
If, notwithstanding the Issuer's reasonable endeavours, the Issuer is unable to appoint 
and consult with an Independent Adviser in accordance with the foregoing paragraph, 
the Issuer shall nevertheless be entitled, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, to make any and all determinations expressed to be made by 
the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6.2(c)(i), notwithstanding that such 
determinations are not made following consultation with an Independent Adviser. 
If, however, the Issuer is unable to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate 
and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments in accordance with this Condition 6.2(c)(i), the provisions of Condition 
6.2(c)(vii) below shall apply. 
(B) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with such Independent Adviser (if appointed), 
determines in good faith that: 
(1) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (as adjusted 
by the applicable Adjustment Spread determined as provided in 
Condition 6.2(c)(i)(C)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest 
(or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of 
this Condition 6.2(c)); or

--- Page 88 ---
81 
 
(2) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such Alternative Rate shall (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment 
Spread 
determined 
as 
provided 
in 
Condition 
6.2(c)(i)(C)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 6.2(c)). 
(C) 
Adjustment Spread 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions, the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser 
(if appointed), will determine in good faith the Adjustment Spread to be applied to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by 
reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(D) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 6.2(c) and the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if appointed), determines in good faith (A) 
that amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or the Agency 
Agreement (including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count 
Fraction, Business Days or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation (having regard to prevailing market practice, if any) of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then (subject to Condition 6.2(c)(vi) below) the Issuer shall, subject to 
giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 6.2(c)(iii), without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, vary the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice provided 
that the Agents shall not be obliged to agree to any modification which, in the sole 
opinion of the Agents (acting reasonably) would have the effect of (i) exposing 
the Agents to any liability against which they have not been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to their satisfaction or (ii) increasing the obligations or duties, or 
decreasing the rights or protection, of the Agents under the Agency Agreement and/or 
these Terms and Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6.2(c), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are 
for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(E) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 6.2(c)(i): 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), 
or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which is to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), being 
the spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 89 ---
82 
 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body;  
(ii) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate where (A) 
above does not apply), the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser (if appointed) and acting in good faith, determines is in customary 
market usage (or reflects an industry-accepted rate, formula or methodology) 
in the international debt capital market for transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Alternative 
Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate); or 
(iii) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available) under 
(A) above and if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser (if appointed) determines there is no such spread, formula or 
methodology in customary market usage or which is industry-accepted under 
(B) above, the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser (if appointed) and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate having regard 
to the objective, so far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances and 
solely for the purposes of this paragraph (C), of reducing or eliminating any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to the Noteholders; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if appointed), determines in 
accordance with this Condition 6.2(c) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in 
customary market usage, or is an industry-accepted rate, in the international debt capital 
markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency as 
the Notes; 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate, any one or more 
of the following:   
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or to be published or administered 
on a permanent or indefinite basis;  
(ii) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that it has ceased or will cease to publish the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued;  
(iv) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used, is no longer (or will no longer be) representative of its 
underlying market or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case in circumstances where the same shall be 
applicable to the Notes; or

--- Page 90 ---
83 
 
(v) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, or any Paying Agent to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using 
the Original 
Reference 
Rate 
(including, 
without 
limitation, 
under 
the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as that Regulation applies in the European 
Union and/or as it applies in the United Kingdom in the form retained as 
domestic law in the United Kingdom under the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018, as amended, if applicable), 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (ii) to (iv) above, the Benchmark Event shall 
occur on: 
(i) 
in the case of (ii) above, the date of the cessation of the publication of 
the Original Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
in the case of (iii) above, the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate; 
or 
(iii) 
in the case of (iv) above, the date on which the Original Reference Rate is 
prohibited from use, is deemed no longer to be representative or becomes 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences (as applicable),  
and not (in any such case) the date of the relevant public statement (unless the date of 
the relevant public statement coincides with the relevant date in (i), (ii) or (iii) above, 
as applicable); 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
Original Reference Rate means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any 
relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes (provided that if, following one or 
more Benchmark Events, such originally specified Reference Rate (or any Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in 
respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term "Original Reference Rate" 
shall be deemed to include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or 
other 
supervisory 
authority 
which 
is 
responsible 
for 
supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or 
(iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and

--- Page 91 ---
84 
 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Transition  
This Condition 6.2(c)(ii) applies to Floating Rate Notes where the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded Daily SOFR or Weighted 
Average SOFR. 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time 
when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined 
by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply.  
(A) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining the 
Benchmark Replacement which will replace such Original Reference Rate for all 
purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all 
determinations on all subsequent dates (subject to any subsequent application of this 
Condition 6.2(c)(ii) with respect to such Benchmark Replacement) and any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes.  
Any Benchmark Replacement so determined by the Issuer shall have effect for any 
subsequent determinination of any relevant Rate of Interest (subject to any further 
application of this Condition 6.2(c)(ii) with respect to such Benchmark Replacement), 
subject, if any associated Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are required 
in connection therewith, to such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
becoming effective in accordance with the following provisions.  
If, notwithstanding the Issuer's reasonable endeavours, the Issuer is unable to appoint 
and consult with an Independent Adviser in accordance with the foregoing paragraph, 
the Issuer shall nevertheless be entitled, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, to make any and all determinations expressed to be made by 
the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6.2(c)(ii), notwithstanding that such 
determinations are not made following consultation with an Independent Adviser.  
If, however, the Issuer is unable to determine a Benchmark Replacement in accordance 
with this Condition 6.2(c)(ii), the provisions of Condition 6.2(c)(vii) below shall apply. 
(B) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if appointed), 
considers it is necessary to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, 
the Issuer shall, in consultation with the Independent Adviser (if appointed), determine 
the terms of such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, and (subject to 
Condition 6.2(c)(vi) below) shall, subject to giving notice in accordance with Condition 
6.2(c)(iii) below (but without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders), vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to 
such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes with effect from the date specified 
in such notice provided that the Agents shall not be obliged to agree to any modification 
which, in the sole opinion of the Agents would have the effect of (i) exposing 
the Agents to any liability against which they have not been indemnified and/or secured

--- Page 92 ---
85 
 
and/or pre-funded to their satisfaction or (ii) increasing the obligations or duties, or 
decreasing the rights or protection, of Agents in the Agreement and/or the Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6.2(c)(ii), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are 
for the time being listed or admitted to trading.  
(C) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 6.2(c)(ii): 
Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for 
the Original Reference Rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and 
(b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
as the replacement for the Original Reference Rate for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate 
of interest as a replacement for the then-current benchmark for U.S. 
dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for 
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to 
the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current benchmark 
with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. 
dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to any Interest Period, Interest Accrual Period, the timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer (in consultation with 
the Independent Adviser, if appointed) decides may be appropriate to reflect 
the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with

--- Page 93 ---
86 
 
market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as 
the Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser, if appointed) determines is 
reasonably necessary); 
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the Original Reference Rate (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event", the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide 
the Original Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than (where the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined pursuant to Condition 6.2(b)(ii)) the Specified Time or (in any other case) 
the customary or scheduled time for publication of the relevant reference rate in 
accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of such 
reference rate or, as the case may be, of the other relevant information service 
publishing such reference rate, on, the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to such time 
for such determination; 
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the Original Reference Rate (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the administrator of the Original Reference Rate (or such component) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Original Reference Rate (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Original Reference Rate (or such 
component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the Original Reference Rate (or such component), 
the central bank for the currency of the Original Reference Rate (or such 
component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the Original Reference Rate (or such component), a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate (or such 
component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate, which states 
that the administrator of the Original Reference Rate (or such component) has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such

--- Page 94 ---
87 
 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Original Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the Original Reference Rate announcing that 
the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative; 
Corresponding Tenor means, with respect to a Benchmark Replacement, a tenor 
(including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day 
adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the Original Reference Rate; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event 
with respect to the Original Reference Rate;  
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Original Reference Rate for the applicable tenor 
excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
Original Reference Rate means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any 
relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes (provided that if, following one or 
more Benchmark Transition Events, such originally specified benchmark or screen rate 
(or any benchmark used in any Benchmark Replacement which has replaced it 
(the Replacement Benchmark)) has been replaced by a (or a further) Replacement 
Benchmark and a Benchmark Transition Event subsequently occurs in respect of such 
Replacement Benchmark, the term "Original Reference Rate" shall be deemed to 
include any such Replacement Benchmark); 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by 
the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any 
successor thereto; and 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(iii) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall notify the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent 
(if different from the Agent), the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 16, 
the Noteholders, promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread 
and/or Benchmark Replacement, and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (as applicable), 
determined under this Condition 6.2(c). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments or Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes (as applicable), if any.

--- Page 95 ---
88 
 
(iv) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the Issuer's obligations under the provisions of this Condition 
6.2(c), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 5.2(b), will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent has been 
notified, in accordance with Condition 6.2(c)(iii), of (as the case may be): 
(1) 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and 
(in either case) the Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments 
(if any) determined in accordance with Condition 6.2(c)(i); or  
(2) 
the 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
and 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Conforming Changes (if any) determined in accordance with 
Condition 6.2(c)(ii).  
(v) 
Restriction on Independent Adviser and Issuer liability  
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.2(c) shall act in good 
faith.  
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, neither the Issuer nor any Independent Adviser 
shall have any liability whatsoever to the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or the 
Noteholders or Couponholders for any determination made by the Issuer or 
the Independent Adviser or (in the case of the Independent Adviser) for any advice 
given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant 
to this Condition 6.2(c). 
(vi) 
Regulatory Capital / Eligible Liabilities 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6.2(c), the Issuer shall not be 
required to adopt any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or 
Benchmark Replacement, nor to effect any Benchmark Amendments or Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, if and to the extent that, in the determination of 
the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected either: 
(1) 
to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as Tier 2 Capital and/or as 
eligible liabilities or loss absorbing capacity instruments for 
the purposes of any Loss Absorption Regulations; or  
(2) 
(if this Note is a Senior Non-Preferred Note only) to result in 
the relevant Supervisory Authority treating the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, as the effective maturity date of the Notes, rather than 
the relevant Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In such event, the Issuer shall be entitled to apply the provisions of this Condition 6.2(c) 
with such further adjustments as it considers necessary to avoid the consequences 
described under (i) and/or (ii) above, provided that the Issuer, acting in good faith and 
in a commercial reasonable manner, has determined that so doing shall not be 
materially less favourable to Noteholders than failing to apply the provisions of this 
Condition 6.2(c) at all.  
(vii) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of:

--- Page 96 ---
89 
 
(i) 
a Benchmark Event; or  
(ii)  
a Benchmark Transition Event (and its related Benchmark Replacement Date),  
in respect of the Original Reference Rate, on the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date: 
(1) 
(in the case of (i) above) no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(as applicable) is determined pursuant to Condition 6.2(c)(i) or 
(as the case may be) a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(as applicable) is determined, but no Adjustment Spread is determined 
pursuant to Condition 6.2(c)(i); or  
(2) 
(in the case of (ii) above) no Benchmark Replacement is determined 
in accordance with Condition 6.2(c)(ii),  
then the original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) will continue to apply for the 
purposes of determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest Determination Date, 
with the effect that the fallback provisions provided in Condition 6.2(b) will continue 
to apply to such determination. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time 
thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 6.2(c), mutatis mutandis, 
on one or more occasions until: 
(1) 
(in the case of (i) above) a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and 
(in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments; or  
(2) 
(in the case of (ii) above) the Benchmark Replacement and any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes,  
have been determined and notified in accordance with this Condition 6.2(c) (and, until 
such determination and notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided in 
Condition 6.2(b), will continue to apply). 
The Issuer's intention is that, in circumstances where the Issuer has been unable to 
determine (as applicable) (i) a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) and 
(in either case) the Adjustment Spread or (ii) the Benchmark Replacement pursuant 
this Condition 6.2(c), it will elect to re-apply such provisions if and when, in its sole 
determination, there have been such subsequent developments (whether in applicable 
law, market practice or otherwise) as would enable the Issuer successfully to apply such 
provisions and determine (as applicable) (a) a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(as applicable) and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread and the applicable 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) or (b) the Benchmark Replacement and 
the applicable Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any). 
(viii) 
Preparation in anticipation of a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event 
If the Issuer anticipates that a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event, as 
applicable, will or may occur, nothing in these Conditions shall prevent the Issuer (in its 
sole discretion) from taking, prior to the occurrence of such Benchmark Event or 
a Benchmark Transition Event, such actions as it considers expedient in order to 
prepare for applying the provisions of this Condition 6.2(c) (including, without

--- Page 97 ---
90 
 
limitation, appointing and consulting with an Independent Adviser, and seeking to 
identify any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread, Benchmark 
Amendments, Benchmark Replacement and/or Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes, as applicable), provided that no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment 
Spread, Benchmark Amendments, Benchmark Replacement and/or Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes will take effect until the relevant Benchmark Event, 
or the relevant Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date, as applicable, has occurred. 
(d) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(e) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.   
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on 
the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or 
(ii) Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of 
(A) the Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, 
the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive 
form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for 
the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach 
the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 6.2: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and 
(II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365);

--- Page 98 ---
91 
 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;

--- Page 99 ---
92 
 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no 
rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to 
such sources as the Issuer,[in consultation with an Independent Advisor] determines 
appropriate.

--- Page 100 ---
93 
 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
This Condition 6.2(g) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies both "Screen Rate 
Determination" and "Term Rate" to be "Applicable". 
Except where the applicable Final Terms specifies both "Screen Rate Determination" and 
"Overnight Rate" to be "Applicable", the Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and 
each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for 
the time being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to 
be published in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended 
(or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in 
the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such amendment will 
promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for 
the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). For 
the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business in London. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies both "Screen Rate Determination" and "Overnight 
Rate" to be "Applicable", the Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest 
Amount for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified 
to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time 
being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest Accrual Period) and notice thereof to 
be published in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the second Business Day thereafter.  Each Rate of 
Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended 
(or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in 
the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Accrual Period.  Any such 
amendment or alternative arrangements will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on 
which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices).  
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, determinations, calculations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 6.2(h) by the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of wilful 
default or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, 
the other Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default) 
no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in connection with the exercise 
or non exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
6.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal

--- Page 101 ---
94 
 
is improperly withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until 
whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Note has been received by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, 
as the case may be, and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
7. 
PAYMENTS 
7.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in 
the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney 
and Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents 
are subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 (Taxation) and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 (Taxation) any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
7.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in Condition 7.1 (Method of payment) only against presentation 
and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer 
Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United 
States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto 
(which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of 
matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case 
of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due 
for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above 
against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after 
the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether

--- Page 102 ---
95 
 
or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 10 (Prescription)) or, 
if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but 
in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no 
further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer 
form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange 
for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate 
Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount 
on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease 
to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of 
interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only 
against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
7.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
in bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in 
relation to definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global 
Note, where applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global 
Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States.  A record of each 
payment made, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, 
will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in 
the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable.  
7.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will 
be made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying 
Agents.  Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) 
of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register 
of holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (i) where in global 
form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in 
definitive form, at the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day 
on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is 
located) before the relevant due date.  For these purposes, Designated Account means the 
account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non resident of Japan, shall be a 
non resident account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in 
the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other 
than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency 
(which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney 
and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes 
payments in euro.

--- Page 103 ---
96 
 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be 
made by transfer on the due date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of 
joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the 
close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive 
form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business 
day) before the relevant due date (the Record Date).  Payment of the interest due in respect of 
each Registered Note on redemption will be made in the same manner as payment of 
the principal amount of such Registered Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of 
the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in 
the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating 
to such beneficial ownership interests. 
7.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to 
the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of 
the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial 
holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look 
solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each 
payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of 
principal and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying 
Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above 
when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. 
dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in 
the opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer.

--- Page 104 ---
97 
 
7.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in 
the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such 
delay.  For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 10 
(Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of 
presentation; and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
7.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 9 (Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
(e) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 9 (Taxation).

--- Page 105 ---
98 
 
8. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
8.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
8.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 8.8 (Early Redemption Amounts), the Notes may be redeemed at the option 
of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or 
on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 
the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption 
Amount, together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if as a result 
of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 9 (Taxation)), or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws 
or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9 (Taxation) 
and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it; or 
(b) 
in the case of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated 
Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes (as applicable), the Issuer would not be entitled to 
claim a deduction in computing its taxation liabilities in the Republic of Poland in 
respect of any payment to be made on the Notes on the occasion of the next payment 
due under the Notes or the value of such deduction to the Issuer would be materially 
reduced or the applicable tax treatment of the Senior MREL Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
(as applicable) changes, 
provided that, in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, the Issuer demonstrates to 
the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that such change is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the Issue Date, and 
provided, further, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(i) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the earliest date on which (A) 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of 
the Notes were then due, (B) the Issuer would not be entitled to claim such deduction 
or the amount of such deduction would be materially reduced or (C) such tax treatment 
on the Notes would be affected; or 
(ii) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days (or such 
other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the Interest 
Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would 
be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were 
then due.

--- Page 106 ---
99 
 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the 
Noteholders: (A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that 
the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred; (B) an opinion 
of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay such additional amounts or, as the case may be, will not be entitled to 
claim such deduction or the amount of the deduction would be materially reduced or, as the case 
may be, the applicable tax treatment of the Notes has been or will be affected, in each case as 
a result of such change or amendment; and (C) in the case of the Senior MREL Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, if required 
under Applicable Banking Regulations, confirmation that the Competent Authority has given 
its consent to the redemption. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 8.2, the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 8.2. 
8.3 
Early Redemption due to Capital Disqualification Event 
If, in respect of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes only, a Capital Disqualification Event occurs, the 
Issuer may, at its option and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 calendar days' 
notice to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices), the Noteholders of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes (which notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), elect to redeem in accordance with these 
Conditions all, but not some only, of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes at the Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 8.8 (Early Redemption Amounts), together with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
The appropriate notice referred to in this Condition 8.3 is a notice given by the Issuer to the 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders, which notice shall be signed by the 
Issuer and shall specify: 
(a) 
that a Capital Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing; 
(b) 
that the Issuer has obtained the prior written consent of the Competent Authority, 
provided that at the relevant time such consent is required to be given; and 
(c) 
the due date for such redemption, which shall be not less than 30 nor more than 60 days 
after the date on which such notice is validly given. 
Any such notice shall be irrevocable and the delivery thereof shall oblige the Issuer to make the 
redemption therein specified. 
Redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons pursuant to this Condition 8.3 
is subject to the prior consent of the Competent Authority if and as required therefor under 
Applicable Banking Regulations and may only take place in accordance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Capital Disqualification Event means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with 
the Competent Authority, that as a result of a change (or any pending change which the 
Competent Authority considers sufficiently certain) in Polish law or Applicable Banking 
Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming 
effective on or after the Issue Date (including as a result of the implementation or applicability 
in Poland of CRD on or after the Issue Date) which change was not reasonably foreseeable by 
the Issuer as at the Issue Date of such Series, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the

--- Page 107 ---
100 
 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes is fully excluded or partially excluded from inclusion in the Tier 2 
Subordinated Capital of the Issuer or the Group; 
Tier 2 Subordinated Capital means Tier 2 Subordinated Capital as provided under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
8.4 
Early Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event 
If, in the case of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes 
where the MREL Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms only, following the MREL Requirement Date, a MREL Disqualification Event has 
occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, at its option and having given not less than 
30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 16 (Notices), the Noteholders of the relevant Notes (as applicable) (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for redemption), elect to redeem in accordance 
with these Conditions all, but not some only, of the relevant Notes (as applicable) at the Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 8.8 (Early Redemption Amounts), together 
(if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.  Upon the expiry 
of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the relevant Notes (as applicable). 
The appropriate notice referred to in this Condition is a notice given by the Issuer to the Issuing 
and Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders, which notice shall be signed by the Issuer and 
shall specify: 
(a) 
that a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing; 
(b) 
that the Issuer has obtained the prior written consent of the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, provided that at the relevant time such consent is required to be given; and 
(c) 
the due date for such redemption, which shall be not less than 30 nor more than 60 days 
after the date on which such notice is validly given. 
Any such notice shall be irrevocable and the delivery thereof shall oblige the Issuer to make the 
redemption therein specified. 
Any refusal by the Relevant Resolution Authority to grant its approval as described above will 
not constitute an event of default under the relevant Notes. 
Redemption of Notes pursuant to this Condition 8.4 (Early Redemption due to MREL 
Disqualification Event ) will be subject to Condition 8.5 (Restrictions on early redemption). 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Applicable MREL Regulations means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and, policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments of the Republic of Poland, and/or of the European 
Parliament or of the Council of the European Union then in effect in the Republic of Poland or 
any other relevant jurisdiction giving effect to MREL or any successor principles then 
applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, including, without limitation to the generality of the 
foregoing, CRD, the BRRD and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies giving 
effect to MREL or any successor principles then in effect (whether or not such requirements, 
guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or 
specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group); 
MREL means the "minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities" for credit 
institutions under the BRRD, set in accordance with Article 45 of the BRRD (as transposed in 
Poland or any other relevant jurisdiction), Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450

--- Page 108 ---
101 
 
of 23 May 2016, supplementing Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of 
the Council with regard to regulatory technical standards specifying the criteria relating to 
the methodology for setting the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, or 
any successor requirement under the EU legislation and relevant implementing legislation and 
regulation in Poland or any other relevant jurisdiction; 
MREL Disqualification Event means in respect of the Senior Subordinated Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and Senior MREL Notes, the determination by the Issuer that, as a result 
of any amendment to, or change in, or replacement, (or any pending amendment, change or 
replacement which the Relevant Resolution Authority considers sufficiently certain), of 
the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of any Applicable MREL Regulations, in any such case becoming effective on 
or after the Issue Date of the relevant Series of the Notes, the whole or any part of the 
outstanding aggregate principal amount of such Series at any time is not included in, ceases or 
(in the opinion of the Issuer or the Relevant Resolution Authority) will cease to count towards, 
the Issuer's or the Group's eligible liabilities and/or loss-absorbing capacity (in each case for 
the purposes of, and in accordance with, the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations and 
provided that such change was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date of 
such Series); provided that an MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur if such whole or 
part of the outstanding principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes is not included in, ceases 
or (in the opinion of the Issuer) will cease to count towards, such eligible liabilities and/or loss-
absorbing capacity due to: (a) the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than the 
minimum period prescribed by the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations; or (b) any 
applicable limits on the amount of "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) 
permitted or allowed to meet any MREL Requirements applicable to the Issuer and/or 
the Group being exceeded; 
MREL Requirement Date means the time from which the Issuer and/or the Group is obliged 
to meet any MREL Requirements; and 
MREL Requirements means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group under the Applicable MREL Regulations. 
8.5 
Restrictions on early redemption 
(a) 
The Issuer may redeem in accordance with the terms of these Conditions (and give 
notice thereof to the Noteholders) the Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes only if such 
redemption is in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and it has been 
granted the approval of or permission from (in the case of the Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes) the Competent Authority or (in the case of the Senior MREL Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority 
and: 
(i) 
before or at the same time as such redemption or repurchase of any Notes, the 
Issuer replaces such Notes with own funds instruments (or, in the case of the 
Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated 
Notes, eligible liabilities instruments) of an equal or higher quality at terms 
that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority 
(in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) or the Relevant Resolution Authority 
(in the case of the Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Subordinated Notes) that its own funds and eligible liabilities would, following 
such redemption or repurchase, exceed the requirements (in the case of Senior

--- Page 109 ---
102 
 
MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes, for 
own funds and eligible liabilities) under CRD and BRRD by a margin that 
(in the case of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Subordinated Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority, in agreement with the 
Competent Authority, or (in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) the 
Competent Authority, considers necessary; or 
(iii) 
in the case of the Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Subordinated Notes only, the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the 
Relevant Resolution Authority that the partial or full replacement of the 
eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the own funds requirements laid down in the CRD for 
continuing authorisation; and 
(iv) 
in the case of redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes before five years after 
the Issue Date of the last Tranche of such Series of Notes if the conditions 
listed in sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) above and one of the following conditions are 
met: 
(A) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital 
Disqualification Event, (i) the Competent Authority considers such 
change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the 
satisfaction 
of 
the 
Competent 
Authority 
that 
the 
Capital 
Disqualification Event was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of 
the issuance of the Notes; or 
(B) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a taxation reason, 
the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority 
that the change in tax treatment is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the Issue Date of the most recent Tranche of the Notes 
of the relevant Series; or 
(C) 
before or at the same time as such redemption or repurchase of the 
relevant Notes, the Issuer replaces the Notes with own funds 
instruments of an equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable 
for its income capacity and the Competent Authority has permitted that 
action on the basis of the determination that it would be beneficial from 
a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; 
or 
(D) 
the Notes are repurchased for market-making purposes. 
(b) 
Any refusal by (in the case of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) the Competent Authority 
or (in the case of the Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Subordinated Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority to grant its approval or 
permission as described above will not constitute an event of default under the relevant 
Notes. 
8.6 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and

--- Page 110 ---
103 
 
at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption 
Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of the Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, 
redemption at the option of the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 8.6 will be subject to the prior 
consent of the Competent Authority if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking 
Regulations and may only take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in 
force at the relevant time. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will 
(i) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by 
lot, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion).  In the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) not less than 
15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
8.7 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 8.7 applies to Ordinary Senior Notes.  
If, in respect of the Ordinary Senior Notes, Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices) not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period 
of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, 
redeem such Ordinary Senior Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this 
Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the 
case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, 
as the case may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed 
notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office 
of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which the holder 
must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the 
case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full 
nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which 
a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject 
to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2 (Transfers of Registered Notes - 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form).  If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the 
Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent 
concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under 
its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder 
of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Issuing and Principal Paying

--- Page 111 ---
104 
 
Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on their instruction by 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the 
case may be for them to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form 
acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 8.7 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred 
and is continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to 
withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 8.7 and instead to declare such Note 
forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
8.8 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Conditions 8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 8.3 (Early Redemption due to 
Capital Disqualification Event), 8.4 (Early Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event) 
and Condition 11 (Events of Default):  
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount; and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the accrual yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case 
the numerator will be equal to the -actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and 
the denominator will be 365). 
8.9 
Purchases 
Subject to Condition 8.5 (Restrictions on early redemption), the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the 
Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, 
all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price

--- Page 112 ---
105 
 
in the open market or otherwise.  Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of 
the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of the Issuer's 
subsidiaries, if and to the extent permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations at the 
relevant time the Notes to be purchased: (a) comply with any applicable threshold as may be 
requested or required by the Relevant Resolution Authority from time to time; and (b) are 
purchased in order to be surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
Any refusal by (in the case of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) the Competent Authority or (in the 
case of the Senior MREL Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Senior Subordinated 
Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority to grant its approval or permission as described above 
will not constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Notes. 
8.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All 
Notes so cancelled and the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 8.9 above 
(together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to 
the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
8.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 8.1 (Redemption at maturity), 8.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons), 8.3 (Early Redemption due to Capital Disqualification Event), 8.4 (Early Redemption 
due to MREL Disqualification Event), 8.5 (Restrictions on early redemption), 8.6 (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) or 8.7 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders 
(Investor Put)) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 11 
(Events of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 8.8(b) as 
though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such 
Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is 
the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent 
or the Registrar and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
9. 
TAXATION 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes (whether in respect of principal, interest or 
otherwise) by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of any present or future taxes or duties or charges of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required 
by law.  In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order 
that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or 
deduction in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes that are not Senior MREL Notes, or interest 
only, in the case of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated 
Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, as would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the

--- Page 113 ---
106 
 
Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction, except 
that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes, duties or charges in respect of such Note or 
Coupon by reason of its having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the 
mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(b) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 7 (Payments). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the Issuer be required 
to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes and Coupons for, or on account of, any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of 
the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, or any official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Republic of Poland, or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which payments 
made by the Issuer of principal and interest on the Notes become generally subject; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Issuing 
and Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due 
date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices). 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims 
in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of 
principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 
9 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 
7.2 (Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void 
pursuant to Condition 7.2 (Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons). 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
11.1 
Events of Default relating to Ordinary Senior Notes that are not Senior MREL Notes 
This Condition 11.1 only applies to Ordinary Senior Notes that are not Senior MREL Notes.  
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be 
continuing:

--- Page 114 ---
107 
 
(a) 
Non-payment 
A default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the 
Ordinary Senior Notes on the due date for payment thereof and such default continues 
for a period of seven days in the case of interest and/or principal; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations 
The Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other obligations 
under or in respect of the Ordinary Senior Notes and (except in any case where the 
default is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as in hereinafter 
mentioned will be required) such default continues for more than 45 days following 
service by a holder of Ordinary Senior Notes on the Issuer requiring the same to be 
remedied; or 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Material Subsidiary 
(A) 
any Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is 
not paid when due or (as the case may be) within any originally applicable 
grace period; or 
(B) 
any such Relevant Indebtedness becomes (or becomes capable of being 
declared) due and payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise than at the 
option of the Issuer, or (as the case may be) the relevant Material Subsidiary 
or (provided that no event of default, howsoever described, has occurred) any 
Person entitled to such Relevant Indebtedness;  
provided that the amount of Relevant Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (A) 
and/or sub-paragraph (B) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds EUR 
50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(d) 
Insolvency etc. 
(A) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or is unable to pay 
its debts as they fall due, (B) an administrator or liquidator is appointed (or application 
for any such appointment is made) in respect of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries or the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking, assets and revenues 
of the Issuer, or any of its Material Subsidiaries, or (C) the Issuer, or any of its 
respective Material Subsidiaries takes any action for a readjustment or deferment of 
any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition 
with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its 
Relevant Indebtedness; or 
(e) 
Winding up etc. 
An order is made by any competent court or an effective resolution is passed for the 
winding up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer, or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
(otherwise than, in the case of a Material Subsidiary of the Issuer, for the purposes of 
or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); 
(f) 
Analogous event 
any event occurs which under the laws of Republic of Poland has an analogous effect 
to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) and (e) above; or

--- Page 115 ---
108 
 
(g) 
Cessation of business 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all 
or any substantial part of its business (otherwise than, in the case of a Material 
Subsidiary of the Issuer, for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, 
reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(h) 
Withdrawal of banking licence 
If the banking operations of the Issuer are suspended or the Issuer's banking licence is 
withdrawn pursuant to applicable Polish banking law; or 
(i) 
Unlawfulness 
It is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its 
obligations under or in respect of the Ordinary Senior Notes. 
11.2 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Auditors means the auditors for the time being of the Issuer or, in the event of their being 
unable or unwilling promptly to carry out any action requested of them pursuant to the 
provisions of these presents, such other firm of chartered accountants as the Issuer may appoint 
for the purposes of these presents; 
Material Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Issuer: (a) whose gross revenues 
(consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) or whose total assets 
(consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) represent not less than 
15 per cent. of the consolidated gross revenues of the Issuer, or, as the case may be, consolidated 
total assets, of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively by 
reference to the then latest audited accounts (consolidated, or, as the case may be, 
unconsolidated) of the Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer 
and its Subsidiaries; or (b) to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the 
undertaking and assets of a Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately before the transfer is a 
Material Subsidiary of the Issuer, all as more particularly defined in the Agency Agreement. A 
certificate by the Management Board of the Issuer confirming that in their opinion a Subsidiary 
of the Issuer is or is not or was or was not at any particular time a Material Subsidiary of the 
Issuer accompanied by a report of the Auditors addressed to the Issuer (as to proper extraction 
of the figures used by the Management Board of the Issuer in determining the Material 
Subsidiaries of the Issuer and mathematical accuracy of the calculation) shall, in the absence of 
manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
Subsidiary means any company or corporation: (A) which is controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by the first-mentioned company or corporation; or (B) more than half the issued share capital 
of which is beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by the first-mentioned company or 
corporation; or (C) which is a Subsidiary of another Subsidiary of the first-mentioned company 
or corporation, and, for these purposes, a company or corporation shall be treated as being 
controlled by another if that other company or corporation is able to direct its affairs and/or to 
control the composition of its board of directors or equivalent body.

--- Page 116 ---
109 
 
11.3 
Events of Default relating to Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
Save as provided below, there are no events of default under the Senior MREL Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, which could 
lead to an acceleration of the relevant Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
However, if an order is made by any competent court commencing insolvency proceedings 
against the Issuer or if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the 
winding up or dissolution of the Issuer and such order is continuing, then any Holder of a Note 
may, unless there has been a resolution to the contrary by the Noteholders, by written notice 
addressed by the Noteholder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer and to the specified 
office of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent (and addressed to the Issuer), be declared 
immediately due and payable, whereupon the principal amount of such Notes together with any 
accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of payment shall become immediately due and 
payable without further action or formality. 
11.4 
Notices relating to Events of Default 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the principal or any other redemption 
amount of, or any interest on, the Notes or any other outstanding amounts due under or in 
respect of the Notes, the conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or 
another person, as a result of the exercise of any Polish bail-in power by the Competent 
Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of any Polish bail-in power by the 
Competent Authority with respect to the Notes pursuant to Condition 21 (Acknowledgment of 
Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), will be an Event of Default. 
11.5 
Occurrence of Event of Default 
Subject to Condition 11.3 Events of Default relating to Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) if any Event of 
Default shall occur and be continuing in relation to any Series of Ordinary Senior Notes (other 
than Senior MREL Notes), any holder of a Note of the relevant Series may, by written notice 
to the Issuer, at the specified office of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent effective upon 
the date of receipt thereof by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, declare any such Note 
held by the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith 
due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the 
date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
12. 
SUBSTITUTION AND VARIATION 
If Substitution and Variation is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to the 
Notes (other than Ordinary Senior Notes that are not Senior MREL Notes) and (i) a Capital 
Disqualification Event, (ii) an MREL Disqualification Event or (iii) a circumstance giving rise 
to the right of the Issuer to redeem the Notes for taxation reasons under Condition 8.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons) occurs and is continuing, or to ensure the effectiveness or 
enforceability of Condition 21 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), the 
Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes (as the case may be) or modify the 
terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders, so that they are substituted for, or varied to, become, or remain, 
Qualifying Notes, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) and the Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for substitution or, as

--- Page 117 ---
110 
 
applicable, variation), and subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Competent Authority if 
and as required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations and in accordance with 
Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time, provided that such variation or 
substitution would not itself directly lead to a downgrade in any of the credit ratings solicited 
by the Issuer of the Notes as assigned to such Notes by any Rating Agency immediately prior 
to such variation or substitution (unless any such downgrade is solely attributable to the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Powers)). 
Any refusal by (in the case of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) the Competent Authority or (in 
the case of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes) 
the Relevant Resolution Authority to grant its approval as described above will not constitute 
an event of default under the relevant Notes. 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or 
variation shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the new 
Conditions of the Notes. Such substitution or variation will be effected without any cost or 
charge to the Noteholders. 
Noteholders shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing and holding any Notes, be 
deemed to accept the substitution or variation of the terms of such Notes and to grant to the 
Issuer full power and authority to take any action and/or to execute and deliver any document 
in the name and/or on behalf of the Noteholders which is necessary or convenient to complete 
the substitution or variation of the terms of the Notes. 
In these Conditions: 
Qualifying Notes means, at any time, any securities denominated in the Specified Currency 
and issued directly by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 21 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), have 
terms not otherwise materially less favourable to the Noteholders than the terms of the Notes, 
provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate signed by two authorised signatories 
to that effect to the Noteholders not less than five Business Days prior to (x) in the case of a 
substitution of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 12, the issue date of the relevant securities 
or (y) in the case of a variation of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 12, the date such variation 
becomes effective, provided that such securities shall: 
(a) 
(i) in the case of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Subordinated Notes, if the MREL Requirement Date has occurred, contain terms which 
comply with the then-current requirements for MREL-eligible Notes as embodied in 
the Applicable MREL Regulations, and (ii) in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, 
contain terms which comply with the then-current requirements for their inclusion in 
the Tier 2 Subordinated Capital of the Issuer; and 
(b) 
carry the same Rate of Interest as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to this Condition 12 (Substitution and variation); and 
(c) 
have the same redemption rights as the Notes; and 
(d) 
have the same denomination and aggregate outstanding principal amount as the Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 12 (Substitution 
and variation); and 
(e) 
have the same date of maturity and the same dates for payment of interest as the Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 12 (Substitution 
and variation); and

--- Page 118 ---
111 
 
(f) 
have a ranking at least equal to the Notes; and 
(g) 
not, immediately following such substitution or variation, be subject to a Capital 
Disqualification Event, an MREL Disqualification Event and/or an early redemption 
right for taxation reasons according to Condition 8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), as 
applicable; and 
(h) 
be listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange as selected by the Issuer, if the 
Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange immediately prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 12 (Substitution and 
variation). 
13. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Notes or Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the 
claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced 
Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above.  If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in 
connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any 
Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or 
other relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated.  
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 7.5 (General provisions applicable to 
payments).  Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will 
be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or 
Couponholder.  The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which 
any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent.

--- Page 119 ---
112 
 
15. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such 
further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment 
of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 10 (Prescription). 
16. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a 
leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London and on the Issuer's 
website https://www.pkobp.pl/investor-relations/issuance-and-ratings/ and (b) if and for so 
long as the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of, the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg or the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's website, www.bourse.lu. It is expected that any such publication in a 
newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London and the Luxemburger Wort in 
Luxembourg. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which 
complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including 
publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by 
those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first 
publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the 
first publication in all required newspapers. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first 
class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of 
joint holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have 
been given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes 
are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the 
rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on 
the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites or such 
mailing the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes 
are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the 
rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on 
the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the place or places required by those rules.  Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second day after the day on which 
the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case 
of Registered Notes).  Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice 
may be given by any holder of a Note to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the

--- Page 120 ---
113 
 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
17. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND SUBSTITUTION 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if required 
in writing by Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being remaining outstanding.  The quorum at any such meeting for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount 
of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes 
the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons (including modifying the 
date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling 
the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the 
currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons or amending the Deed of Covenant in certain 
respects), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-
thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such 
meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a 
resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on such 
resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 
three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent 
given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form 
satisfactory to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of not less 
than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each 
case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary 
Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not 
they are present at any meeting, and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all 
Couponholders. 
The Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum 
is required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or 
the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency 
Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any 
such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
The Issuer, or any previously substituted company, may, at any time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders and Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes and 
the Coupons any company (the Substitute) that is a Subsidiary of the Issuer, provided that no

--- Page 121 ---
114 
 
payment in respect of the Notes or the Coupons is at the relevant time overdue. The substitution 
shall be made by a deed poll (the Deed Poll), to be substantially in the form scheduled to the 
Agency Agreement as Schedule 7, and may take place only if (i) the Substitute shall, by means 
of the Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each Noteholder and Couponholder against any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge that is imposed on it by, or by any authority in or of, the 
jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its 
incorporation with respect to any Note, Coupon or the Deed of Covenant and that would not 
have been so imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as against any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the substitution, (ii) 
the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed Poll, the Notes, Coupons and the Deed of 
Covenant shall be unconditionally guaranteed by the Issuer by means of the Deed Poll, (iii) all 
actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining 
of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Agency Agreement, the Notes, 
Coupons and Deed of Covenant represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of 
the Substitute and in the case of the Deed Poll of the Issuer have been taken, fulfilled and done 
and are in full force and effect, (iv) the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency 
Agreement, with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party 
to it and shall assume the obligations of the Issuer under the Deed of Covenant relating to the 
Notes, (v) legal opinions addressed to the holders of Notes shall have been delivered to them 
(care of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent) from a lawyer or firm of lawyers with a leading 
securities practice in each jurisdiction referred to in limb (i) above and in England as to the 
fulfilment of the preceding conditions of limb (iii) above and the other matters specified in the 
Deed Poll; (vi) the Substitute shall have delivered to the Noteholders (care of the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent) a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Substitute that 
the Substitute is solvent at the time at which the substitution is proposed to be effected, (vii) 
the Substitute, if incorporated in a jurisdiction other than England, shall have appointed an 
agent to receive, for and on its behalf, service of process in any proceedings in England, (viii) 
each listing authority and stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes are then admitted to listing 
or trading shall have confirmed that, following the proposed substitution, the Notes will be 
admitted to listing or trading by such listing authority or stock exchange and (ix) the Issuer shall 
have given at least 14 days' prior notice of such substitution to the holders of Notes, stating that 
copies or, pending execution, the agreed text of all documents in relation to the substitution that 
are referred to above, or that might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to holders of 
Notes, shall be available for inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
References in Condition 11 (Events of Default) to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed 
to include obligations under the Deed Poll, and, the events listed in Condition 11 (Events of 
Default) shall be deemed to include that guarantee not being (or being claimed by the guarantor 
not to be) in full force and effect. 
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the 
Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
19. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from that Act.

--- Page 122 ---
115 
 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
20.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed 
of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
English law except that the provisions of Condition 3 (Status of the Notes), Condition 21 
(Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), and Condition 22 (Recognition of 
Stay Powers) which shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Polish law. 
20.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 19.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, 
including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach 
or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the 
Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or 
Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 20.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the English 
courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any 
Dispute.  
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect 
of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; 
and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
20.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Apex Agency Services Ltd., 6th Floor, 140 London Wall, 
London, EC2Y 5DN, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process, in any proceedings 
before the English courts in relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of Apex 
Agency Services Ltd. being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately 
appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute. 
The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate 
service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by 
law. 
20.4 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction 
of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar 
to those set out above. 
21. 
ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF BAIL-IN AND LOSS ABSORPTION POWERS 
Notwithstanding, and to the exclusion of, any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which, for the purposes 
of this Condition 21, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition 
of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the 
Notes may be subject to the exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent

--- Page 123 ---
116 
 
Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to 
and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent 
Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, which may be imposed with or 
without any notice with respect to the Notes and which exercise (without limitation) 
may include and result in any of the following, or a combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction or cancellation of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts due 
in respect of the Notes and/or Coupons; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Notes and/or Coupons into shares, other securities or other obligations of the 
Issuer or another person, and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder, 
Couponholder of such shares, securities or obligations, including by means of 
an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes and/or 
Coupons (in which case the Noteholder or the Couponholder agrees to accept, 
in lieu of its rights under the Notes and/or Coupons, any such shares, securities 
or other obligations of the Issuer or another person); 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes and/or the Coupons;  
(iv) 
amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date(s) on which interest 
becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
and 
(v) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, if necessary, to give effect to the 
exercise of any Polish bail-in power by the Competent Authority and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority. 
(b) 
By its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder (including, for these purposes, each 
holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes): (i) acknowledges, accepts, consents and 
agrees to be bound by the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers as may 
be exercised without any prior notice by the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority of its decision to exercise such power with respect to such Notes; 
and (ii) shall be deemed to have authorised, directed and requested Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, any accountholder in Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or other intermediary through which it holds such Notes to take any and 
all necessary action, if required, to implement the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Powers with respect to such Notes as it may be exercised, without any 
further action or direction on the part of such Noteholder or any Agent. 
(c) 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent 
Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, the 
Issuer will provide a written notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices) as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Powers. The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Agents for 
information purposes. Each Noteholder acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees 
that any delay or failure by the Issuer to notify the Noteholders under this paragraph 
shall not affect (or be deemed to operate to affect) the validity and enforceability of the 
exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent Authority and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority.

--- Page 124 ---
117 
 
(d) 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the principal or any other 
redemption amount of, or any interest on, the Notes or any other outstanding amounts 
due under or in respect of the Notes, the conversion thereof into another security or 
obligation of the Issuer or another person or the variation of the terms of the Notes, as 
a result of the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent 
Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the 
exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent Authority and/or 
the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes pursuant to this Condition 
21, will be an Event of Default. 
In these Conditions: 
Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers means any loss absorption, write-down, conversion, 
transfer, modification, suspension or similar or resolution-related power existing from time to 
time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in 
effect in the Republic of Poland, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD and (ii) the 
instruments, rules and standards created under the BRRD pursuant to which any obligation of 
the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for 
a temporary period); and 
Relevant Amounts means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes. References to such 
amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, 
prior to the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent Authority 
and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
22. 
RECOGNITION OF STAY POWERS  
(a) 
By its subscription and/or purchase and holding of the Notes, each Noteholder (which 
for the purposes of this Condition 22, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in 
the Notes), where a resolution measure is taken in relation to the Issuer or any member 
of the same group as the Issuer which is an EU BRRD undertaking: 
(i) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Notes may be subject to the exercise of Stay 
Powers; 
(ii) 
acknowledges and accepts that it is bound by the application or exercise of any 
such Stay Powers; and 
(iii) 
confirms that this Condition 22 represents the entire agreement with the Issuer 
on the potential impact of Stay Powers in respect of the Notes, to the exclusion 
of any other agreement, arrangement or understanding between parties, 
to the extent that such Stay Powers apply to the Notes. 
(b) 
In accordance with Article 68 (Exclusion of certain contractual terms in early 
intervention and resolution) of the BRRD and any relevant implementing measures in 
any member state, by its subscription and/or purchase and holding of the Notes, each 
Noteholder further acknowledges and agrees that the application or exercise of any 
such Stay Powers shall not, per se, be deemed to be an enforcement event within the 
meaning of Directive 2002/47/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
6 June 2002 on financial collateral arrangements or as insolvency proceedings within 
the meaning of Directive 98/26/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
19 May 1998 on settlement finality in payment and securities settlement systems, and

--- Page 125 ---
118 
 
that Noteholders shall not be entitled to take any of the steps outlined under Article 
68(3) of the BRRD and any relevant implementing measures in any member state 
against the Issuer. 
(c) 
In these Conditions: 
Stay Powers means the powers of a relevant resolution authority to suspend or restrict 
rights and obligations under: 
(i) 
Article 33a (Power to suspend payment or delivery obligations); 
(ii) 
Article 69 (Power to suspend payment or delivery obligations); 
(iii) 
Article 70 (Power to restrict the enforcement of any security interest); and 
(iv) 
Article 71 (Power to temporarily suspend any termination right), 
of the BRRD and any relevant implementing measures in any member state including 
Articles 142 - 144 of the Act on Bank Guarantee Fund; 
EU BRRD undertaking means an entity within the scope of Article 71a of the BRRD 
and any relevant implementing measures in any EEA member state; and 
resolution measure means "resolution" or the application of a "resolution tool", "crisis 
prevention measure" or "crisis management measure" within the meaning of the BRRD 
and any relevant implementing measures in any member state.

--- Page 126 ---
119 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes, which include making a profit. If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 127 ---
120 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER AND OVERVIEW OF 
THE GROUP'S FINANCIAL CONDITION 
Presentation of financial information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer has 
been derived from (i) the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2021 (the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements) and 
31 December 2020 (the 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements and, together with the 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements, the Annual Consolidated Financial Statements) and (ii)  the 
Interim Financial Statements and, together with the Annual Consolidated Financial Statements, the 
Financial Statements. 
The Issuer's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific 
year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year.  The Annual Consolidated 
Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU.  The Interim Financial Statements have been prepared in 
accordance with International Accounting Standards No. 34 Interim Financial Reporting (IAS 34), as 
adopted by EU. 
Key factors affecting comparability 
Changes in the accounting policies applicable from 1 January 2022 
Reclassification of card-related costs 
Starting from the first quarter of 2022, the Group has presented card-related costs in net fee and 
commission income under card-related costs.  Previously, they have been presented in administrative 
expenses as material costs. 
Reclassification of the costs of transport of cash to the Group's customers 
Starting from the first quarter of 2022, the Group has presented the costs of transport of cash in net fee 
and commission income under the costs of bank accounts relating to clearing services.  Previously, they 
have been presented in administrative expenses as material costs of IT services. 
Reclassification of the costs of voluntary membership fees 
Starting from the first quarter of 2022, the Group has presented the costs of voluntary membership fees 
as a component of other operating expenses.  Previously, these costs were presented as administrative 
expenses. 
 
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT 
– selected items 
1 January 
2021 –  
30 September 
2021 
(before 
restatement) 
Adjustment 1 
Adjustment 2 
Adjustment 3 
1 January 
2021 – 30 
September 
2021 
(restated) 
 
(in PLN million) 
Net fee and commission income 
3,236 
(37) 
(3) 
- 
3,196 
Fee and commission expense 
(845) 
(37) 
(3) 
- 
(885) 
Other net income 
668 
- 
- 
(2) 
666 
Net other operating income and expenses 
83 
- 
- 
(2) 
81 
Result on business activities 
11,117 
(37) 
(3) 
(2) 
11,075 
Administrative expenses 
(4,592) 
37 
3 
2 
(4,550) 
of with net regulatory charges 
(532) 
- 
- 
2 
(530) 
Net profit attributable to equity holders of the 
parent company 
3,671 
- 
- 
- 
3,671

--- Page 128 ---
121 
 
The financial information for nine months ended 30 September 2022 and 2021 presented in this Base 
Prospectus has been provided on the revised presentation basis, where applicable.  However, annual 
data for years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 were not restated and are presented in line with the 
previously issued 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements and 2020 Consolidated Financial 
Statements.   
Certain presentation changes in the income statement for the year ended 31 December 2021  
In connection with the preparation of the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements, the Group changed 
the presentation of certain items in the consolidated income statement.  In particular, certain positions 
related to commission expenses, other operating expenses and commission income have been 
consolidated into "Net impairment allowances on non-financial assets". 
In relation to the presentation change discussed above, comparative data for 2020 was revised 
accordingly.  The effect of the changes in presentation of comparative data is summarised in the table 
below: 
 
INCOME STATEMENT – selected items 
2020  
(before 
restatement) 
(Adjustments) 
2020  
(restated) 
 
(in PLN million) 
Net interest income 
3,904 
16 
3,920 
Interest income 
4,953 
(11) 
4,942 
Interest expenses 
(1,049) 
27 
(1,022) 
Other net income 
197 
5 
202 
Net other operating income and expenses 
(79) 
5 
(74) 
Result on business activities 
14,447 
21 
14,468 
Net impairment allowances on non-financial assets 
(395) 
(21) 
(416) 
Net profit attributable to equity holders of the parent 
company 
(2,557) 
- 
(2,557) 
The financial information presented in this Base Prospectus has been provided on the revised 
presentation basis, where applicable. 
The changes described above have been introduced in order to present the Group's activities in a better 
and more transparent way.  More details can be found in the explanatory note 15 to the 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Selected financial information 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group's net profit was PLN 4,873 million, compared to a 
loss of PLN 2,561 million in the year ended 31 December 2020.  This was mainly driven by a decrease 
in the cost of legal risk associated with mortgage loans in foreign currencies by PLN 6,552 million.  
The result on the Group's business activities was PLN 15,090 million and was higher by PLN 622 
million, i.e. 4.3 per cent. than in the year ended 31 December 2020.  The increase was mainly a result 
of an increase in net fee and commission income and other income. 
As in the year ended 31 December 2020, net interest income was the Group's largest income source.  
In the year ended 31 December 2021, net interest income reached PLN 9,882 million, a decrease of 
PLN 464 million compared to 2020.  The decrease was a result of a lower interest income on financings 
granted to the Group's clients caused by the lower interest rates in Poland in 2021. 
Interest income in 2021 was PLN 10,568 million, a 10.4 per cent. decrease compared to 2020.  
The decrease was mainly related to a decrease in income on financings granted to the Group's 
customers, caused by a decrease in interest rates and increase in the share of housing and consumer 
loans denominated in PLN and decrease in the share of loans granted to entrepreneurs, and housing 
loans denominated in foreign currencies.  A lower income from hedge accounting also contributed to

--- Page 129 ---
122 
 
the decrease in interest income.  In the year ended 31 December 2021, interest expenses were PLN 686 
million, a PLN 769 million decrease from the year ended 31 December 2020.  The main factor that led 
to this decrease was the decrease in the costs of deposit base resulting from the low reference rates. 
The Group's net fee and commission income increased by PLN 511 million to PLN 4,431 million in 
2021.  The increase was mainly the result of an increase in net income on loans, insurance and operating 
leases, bank accounts, Forex transactions, investment funds and brokerage activities and debit and credit 
cards. 
Other net income in 2021 was PLN 777 million and was PLN 575 million higher than in 2020.  This 
increase was caused by higher net foreign exchange gains and higher net income on financial operations. 
In the year ended 31 December 2021 administrative expenses were PLN 6,174 million, and increased 
by 3.2 per cent. as compared to the year ended 31 December 2020.  This increase is mainly related to 
increases in employee benefits and overheads and depreciation and amortisation expenses and decrease 
in net regulatory charges. 
In 2021, the net write-downs and impairments were PLN 1,466 million and decreased by PLN 7,833 
million and compared to 2020.  The share of impaired loans in 2021 was 3.98 per cent., a decrease of 
0.45 percentage points compared with 2020. 
In the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group's total assets were PLN 418 billion and increased by 
PLN 41 billion as compared to the year ended 31 December 2020. 
In 2021, the amount of financings granted to the Group's customers was PLN 234.3 billion, a PLN 11.7 
billion increase compared to 2020.  The amount of retail and private banking loans increased by PLN 
4.9 billion, the amount of corporate loans increased by PLN 5.3 billion and loans for small and medium 
enterprises increased by PLN 1.6 billion.  The deposits held by the Group increased by PLN 39.9 billion 
to PLN 322.3 billion.  The outstanding amount of external financings granted to the Group as at 
31 December 2021 was PLN 29.0 billion, a decrease of PLN 8.0 billion as compared to 31 December 
2020. 
 
Group financial information for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 and 
the nine-months periods ended 30 September 2022 and 30 September 2021 
Consolidated Income Statements 
 
Nine-months period ended 
30 September  
Year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
(unaudited) 
2021 
(unaudited) 
2021 
2020 (restated) 
 
(PLN million) 
Net interest income/(expense) 
7,655 
7,213 
9,882 
10,346 
Interest income 
12,831 
7,697 
10,568 
11,801 
calculated under the effective interest rate 
method 
12,413 
7,074 
9,785 
10,415 
Interest expenses 
(5,176) 
(484) 
(686) 
(1,455) 
Net fee and commission income 
3,710 
3,196 
4,431 
3,920 
Fee and commission income 
4,852 
4,081 
5,596 
4,942 
Fee and commission expense 
(1,142) 
(885) 
(1,165) 
(1,022) 
Other net income 
401 
666 
777 
202 
Dividend income 
12 
12 
12 
15 
Gains/(losses) on financial transactions 
350 
(27) 
64 
(102) 
Foreign exchange gains/(losses) 
(88) 
424 
436 
182 
Gains/(losses) on derecognition of financial 
instruments of which: 
(30) 
176 
206 
181 
measured at amortised cost 
10 
3 
5 
(22) 
Net other operating income and expense 
157 
81 
59 
(74)

--- Page 130 ---
123 
 
Result on business activities 
11,766 
11,075 
15,090 
14,468 
Net expected credit losses 
(1,166) 
(792) 
(1,309) 
(2,174) 
Net impairment allowances on non-financial 
assets 
(24) 
(35) 
(46) 
(416) 
Cost of the legal risk of mortgage loans in 
convertible currencies 
(1,176) 
- 
- 
(6,552) 
Administrative expenses of which: 
(6,096) 
(4,550) 
(6,174) 
(5,983) 
net regulatory charges 
(1,810) 
(530) 
(645) 
(778) 
Tax on certain financial institutions 
(954) 
(785) 
(1,079) 
(1,055) 
Share in profit and losses of associates and joint 
ventures 
61 
21 
31 
16 
Profit before tax 
2,411 
4,934 
6,513 
(1,696) 
Income tax expense 
(812) 
(1,263) 
(1,640) 
(865) 
Net 
profit 
(including 
non-controlling 
shareholders) 
1,599 
3,671 
4,873 
(2,561) 
Profit (loss) attributable to non-controlling 
shareholders 
(2) 
- 
(1) 
(4) 
Net profit attributable to equity holders of the 
parent company 
1,601 
3,671 
4,874 
(2,557) 
Earnings per share 
 
 
 
 
basic earnings per share for the period (PLN) 
1.28 
2.94 
3.90 
(2.05) 
diluted earnings per share for the period (PLN) 
1.28 
2.94 
3.90 
(2.05) 
Weighted average number of ordinary shares 
during the period 
1,250 
1,250 
1,250 
1,250 
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income 
 
Nine-months period ended 
30 September 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
(unaudited) 
2021 
(unaudited) 
2021 
2020 
 
 
(PLN million) 
Net profit/(loss) (including non-controlling 
shareholders) 
1,599 
3,671 
4,873 
(2,561) 
Other comprehensive income 
(5,317) 
(2,047) 
(7,091) 
894 
Items which may be reclassified to profit or 
loss 
(5,317) 
(2,047) 
(7,098) 
899 
Cash flow hedges (net) 
(2,918) 
(1,299) 
(4,054) 
123 
Cash flow hedges (gross) 
(3,584) 
(1,517) 
(5,003) 
174 
Deferred income tax 
666 
288 
949 
(51) 
Hedge of net investment in foreign operation 
7 
(5) 
(4) 
- 
Share in other comprehensive income of 
associates and joint ventures 
(17) 
(13) 
(13) 
8 
Fair value of financial assets measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive income (net) 
(2,305) 
(855) 
(3,078) 
836 
Remeasurement of fair value, gross 
(2,885) 
(885) 
(3,601) 
1,233 
Gains/losses transferred to the profit or loss (on 
disposal) 
40 
(173) 
(201) 
(203) 
Deferred income tax 
540 
203 
724 
(194) 
Foreign exchange differences on translation of 
foreign branches 
(84) 
55 
51 
(68) 
Items which cannot be reclassified to profit or 
loss 
- 
- 
7 
(5) 
Actuarial gains and losses (net) 
- 
- 
7 
(5) 
Actuarial gains and losses (gross) 
- 
- 
9 
(6) 
Deferred income tax 
- 
- 
(2) 
1 
Total net comprehensive income, of which 
attributable to: 
(3,718) 
1,624 
(2,218) 
(1,667) 
equity holders of the parent 
(3,716) 
1,624 
(2,217) 
(1,663) 
non-controlling interest 
(2) 
- 
(1) 
(4)

--- Page 131 ---
124 
 
Consolidated statements of financial position 
 
As at  
30 September 
2022 
As at 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(PLN million) 
ASSETS 
438,503 
418,086 
376,966 
Cash and balances with Central Bank 
13,691 
11,587 
7,474 
Amounts due from banks 
21,952 
9,010 
2,557 
Hedging derivatives 
1,556 
933 
958 
Other derivative instruments 
19,718 
10,903 
5,501 
Securities 
129,356 
135,440 
123,682 
Repo transactions 
23 
- 
- 
Loans and advances to customers 
234,957 
234,300 
222,603 
Liabilities in respect of insurance activities 
624 
911 
798 
Property, plant and equipment under operating lease 
1,702 
1,371 
1,168 
Property, plant and equipment 
2,886 
3,108 
3,161 
Non-current assets held for sale 
7 
18 
126 
Intangible assets 
3,425 
3,463 
3,281 
Investments in associates and joint ventures 
289 
285 
291 
Current income tax receivable 
2 
36 
19 
Deferred income tax assets 
5,583 
4,116 
2,543 
Other assets 
2,732 
2,605 
2,804 
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
438,503 
418,086 
376,966 
LIABILITIES 
406,814 
380,393 
337,055 
Amounts due to Central Bank 
10 
8 
- 
Amounts due to banks 
4,800 
3,821 
2,626 
Hedging derivatives 
9,216 
4,806 
378 
Other derivative instruments 
19,631 
11,008 
6,104 
Amounts due to customers 
340,302 
322,296 
282,356 
Liabilities in respect of insurance activities 
1,776 
2,008 
1,740 
Loans and advances received 
2,446 
2,461 
2,267 
Debt securities in issue 
17,160 
23,872 
32,098 
Subordinated liabilities 
2,689 
2,716 
2,716 
Other liabilities 
6,319 
5,366 
4,703 
Current income tax liabilities 
432 
18 
193 
Deferred income tax provision 
13 
356 
372 
Provisions 
1,920 
1,657 
1,502 
EQUITY 
31,689 
37,693 
39,911 
Share capital 
1,250 
1,250 
1,250 
Total reserves and accumulated other comprehensive income 
20,202 
25,313 
35,089 
Retained earnings 
8,652 
6,270 
6,142 
Net profit or loss for the year 
1,601 
4,874 
(2,557) 
Capital and reserves attributable to equity holders of the 
parent company 
31,705 
37,707 
39,924 
Non-controlling interests 
(16) 
(14) 
(13)

--- Page 132 ---
125 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP 
Overview 
The Group is one of the largest financial services groups in Poland and one of the largest financial 
groups in Central and Eastern Europe.  The Group provides a comprehensive range of banking services 
and other financial products to individuals, corporate clients and public sector entities.  Poland is the 
Group's main market, but the Group is also active in the Ukrainian market, has branches in Germany, 
Czech Republic and Slovakia and subsidiaries in Ireland and Sweden.  Based on the analysis of the 
financial statements of banks operating in Poland, the Bank estimates that it is the largest bank in Poland 
in terms of the scale of operations, equity, loans, deposits, number of customers and the size of the 
distribution network.  Based on the Management's Board assessment, the Group had approximately 
11 million customers in Poland as at 31 December 2021. 
The main products and services which the Group provides to retail customers, including private banking 
customers, comprise in particular current and saving accounts, business accounts for microbusinesses, 
credit products, deposit products, payment cards, investment products, insurance products (including 
bancassurance products), brokerage services, and leasing for microbusinesses.  The Group offers a wide 
variety of credit products to its retail customers, including consumer loans, mortgage loans and 
brokerage lines.  On the deposit side, the Bank focuses on savings and current accounts as well as term 
deposits.  The Bank also offers its retail customers brokerage products, investment funds, transaction 
services and foreign exchange services. 
The Group's range of products and services for corporate clients comprises of business accounts, local 
and foreign transfers, payment cards, cash services and liquidity management products.  The Group 
also offers a variety of lending products, hedging instruments, services relating to capital markets and 
mergers and acquisitions, as well as factoring and leasing. 
The Bank is a joint-stock company (spółka akcyjna) whose shares are traded on the regulated market 
of the WSE.  It is entered in the register of entrepreneurs of the National Court Register under number 
0000026438 and its registered office is in Warsaw at ul. Puławska 15, 02-515 Warsaw, Poland.  
Its telephone number is +48 81 535 60 60.  The principal acts of law governing the Bank's operations 
are the Banking Law and the Commercial Companies Code dated 15 September 2000 (the Commercial 
Companies Code). 
Set out below is the structure of the Group as the date of this Base Prospectus:

--- Page 133 ---
126 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
History 
The Bank was established in 1919 under the name "Pocztowa Kasa Oszczędności" as a state savings 
institution.  In 1946 its name was changed to "Powszechna Kasa Oszczędności" and the deposits made 
with Powszechna Kasa Oszczędności received a guarantee from the Polish state.  In 1975 Powszechna 
Kasa Oszczędności became a part of NBP.  In 1987 it was transformed into a state bank.  In 2000 the 
Bank was transformed into a joint-stock company and started operating under its current name.  In 2004 
the shares in the Bank were offered to the public in an initial public offering and were admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the WSE. 
In 2004 the Bank acquired the majority stake in its Ukrainian subsidiary, Kredobank and in 2018 
became the sole shareholder of Kredobank.  In 2014 the Bank purchased the Polish operations of 
the Nordea group.  The Bank's subsidiary providing leasing services, PKO Leasing, acquired two 
leasing companies operating in the Polish market, Raiffeisen Leasing Polska S.A. (in 2016) and Prime 
PKO Bank Hipoteczny S.A. 
Warsaw 
Banking activities 
PKO Leasing S.A. 
Łódź 
lease activities 
PKO Życie 
Towarzystwo Ubezpieczeń S.A. 
Warsaw 
life insurance 
KREDOBANK S.A. 
Lviv, Ukraine 
banking activities 
PKO BP Finat sp. z o.o. 
Warsaw 
services, including transfer agent services and 
outsourcing of IT specialists 
NEPTUN – fizan 
Warsaw 
investing funds collected 
from fund participants 
PKO Towarzystwo Funduszy 
Inwestycyjnych S.A. 
Warsaw 
Investment fund management 
PKO BP BANKOWY PTE S.A. 
Warsaw 
pension fund management 
PKO Towarzystwo Ubezpieczeń S.A. 
Warsaw 
other non-life insurance 
PKO Finance AB 
Stockholm, Sweden 
financial services 
Merkury – fiz an 
Warsaw 
investing funds collected 
from fund participants 
PKO VC – fizan 
Warsaw 
investing funds collected 
from fund participants 
THE BANK 
(direct subsidiaries) 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
1 
1 
1 
1 – The Bank holds investment certificates of the fund.

--- Page 134 ---
127 
 
Car Management S.A. (in 2019).  In 2017 the Group purchased KBC Towarzystwo Funduszy 
Inwestycyjnych S.A., a fund manager which formerly belonged to the KBC group. 
In 2015 the Bank opened its German branch, which was the Bank's first foreign branch.  In 2017 
the Bank opened a branch in the Czech Republic and in 2020 in Slovakia. 
Ratings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank has the following ratings assigned by Moody's: 
 
Category 
Rating 
Outlook 
Long-term deposit rating 
A2 
Stable 
Short-term deposit rating 
P-1 
- 
Senior unsecured debt rating 
A3 
Stable 
Senior unsecured MTN programme 
rating 
(P)A3 
- 
Senior non-preferred MTN programme 
rating 
(P)Baa3 
 
Other short-term debt programme rating 
(P)P-2 
- 
Long-term counterparty risk rating 
A2 
- 
Short-term counterparty risk rating 
P-1 
- 
Long-term counterparty risk assessment 
A2(cr) 
- 
Short-term counterparty risk assessment 
P-1(cr) 
- 
Strategy 
In December 2022 the Bank adopted the strategy for the years 2023 – 2025 entitled "Ready for the 
challenges, focused on the future".  Under the strategy, the Bank set goals focused on customers, 
employees, society and shareholders. 
The strategy is based on the following pillars: 
 
"Customer at the centre - a simple, friendly and accessible Bank" – the Bank intends to become 
one of the top three institutions in providing the best customer experience among Polish banks 
by simplifying the Bank's offer, personalisation and better adapting the banking method to 
customer preferences, so that in 2025 all of the Bank's services will be available in remote 
channels; 
 
"Lifestyle banking: Bank of the Future focused on modern acquisition" – the Bank intends to 
develop its non-banking services and expand value added services in its mobile application; 
 
"The best value proposition for business customers thanks to the size of the Group" – the Bank 
is focused on creating value for corporate customers by increasing the cooperation in the Group 
and creating the best multi-platform on the Polish market and to use its expertise in the 
Ukrainian market to support the reconstruction of Ukraine; 
 
"Leader of the ESG transition in the Polish banking sector" – the Bank intends to implement its 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) goals related to sustainable financing and 
reduction of own emissions, the social aspect and internal organizational governance; 
 
"Agile technologies and future-ready operations" – the Bank intends to develop the IT 
infrastructure in areas such as data management, cyber security, increasing the scale of agile 
technologies and development, security and selective cloud migration; 
 
"Culture of innovation and agility - the Bank of Talents" – the Bank intends to increase the net 
promoter score of employees by 20 points by creating an environment of continuous

--- Page 135 ---
128 
 
development, transformation of organisational culture and further development of agile 
working methods; and 
 
"Using the Bank's strong position for inorganic growth" – the Bank intends to look for 
opportunities offered by the market in the context of potential acquisition targets in the banking 
sector and among companies from outside the sector with high potential for synergy with the 
banking business. 
The Bank's financial goals for the year ending 31 December 2025 set out in the strategy are: 
 
return on equity above 12 per cent.; 
 
cost to income ratio below 45 per cent.; 
 
cost of risk of approximately 0.70 per cent. – 0.90 per cent.; and 
 
ability to pay dividend or carry out share buy-backs. 
The strategy also takes into account the non-financial factors concerning the environment, society and 
corporate governance.  According to the strategy, the Bank aims to: 
 
improve its customers and employees satisfaction; 
 
have the largest volume of new ESG financing in Poland in 2025; 
 
material risk taker positions to be taken by minimum 30 per cent. of women; 
 
digitalise rate of processes for retail customers at approximately 100 per cent. by 2025; 
 
increase a growth of the base of primary customers under age of 35 by 25 per cent. by 2025; 
and 
 
increase non-banking revenues of the companies in the Group by 20 per cent. 
Competitive strengths 
The Group's main competitive strengths are as follows: 
 
the most known and recognisable brand on the Polish banking market according to a survey 
conducted by KANTAR; 
 
according to a PR NEWS report on the situation of the Polish sector in the first quarter of 2022, 
the biggest customer base in the Polish market, the biggest distribution network, the biggest 
number of customers using the remote (including mobile) channels; 
 
according to the Bank's estimates based on the analysis of the financial statements of other 
Polish banks, a leading position in the main segments of the banking market, and, according to 
data published by the Polish Leasing Association (Związek Polskiego Leasingu) and the Polish 
Factors Association (Polski Związek Faktorów) the leading position of the Bank's subsidiaries 
providing leasing and factoring services on their respective markets; 
 
ability to implement solutions that influence the whole Polish banking sector, such as the BLIK 
electronic payment system or the system granting electronic access to Polish public 
administration services;

--- Page 136 ---
129 
 
 
involvement in the economic development of the country, and, according to the NBP and the 
Bank's estimates based on the analysis of the financial statements of other Polish banks, 
a leading position in servicing Polish entrepreneurship and local markets and a comprehensive 
product offering for companies; 
 
according to the NBP and the Bank's estimates based on the analysis of the financial statements 
of other Polish banks, a comprehensive offering and a strong position in servicing local 
government units; 
 
high competences in the field of development and implementation of new technologies 
supporting the development of an innovative offer of products and services; 
 
stable deposit base; 
 
the highest competences in the area of cybersecurity of banking products and services; 
 
skill, committed employees;  
 
application of databases and advanced analytics to improve customer experience, increase 
profitability and productiveness; and 
 
implementation of work models based on "agile" methodologies. 
Business 
The Group offers a broad range of banking and financial products and services to individuals, corporate 
clients and entities from the public sector.  The Group's operations are divided into the following 
reporting segments: 
 
Retail Segment, which offers a full range of retail, private and mortgage banking services to 
individuals and small and medium enterprises.  The products and services offered in this 
segment include current accounts, savings accounts, term deposits, private banking services, 
investment and insurance products, investment funds, credit and debit cards, electronic and 
mobile banking services.  The lending products include consumer loans, mortgage loans, 
including loans granted by PKO Bank Hipoteczny S.A., corporate loans, leases and factoring 
services.  The Retail Segment also covers the activities of PKO Towarzystwo Funduszy 
Inwestycyjnych S.A., PKO BP Bankowy Powszechne Towarzystwo Emerytalne S.A., PKO 
Życie Towarzystwo Ubezpieczeń S.A., PKO Towarzystwo Ubezpieczeń S.A. and PKO BP 
Finat sp. z o.o. 
 
Corporate and Investment Segment, which comprises transactions concluded with large 
corporate customers and financial institutions.  The products offered in this segment include 
current accounts, term deposits, cash management and trade finance services, securities deposit, 
forex transactions, corporate loans, leasing and factoring services.  The Bank also participates, 
individually or as a part of a larger syndicate, in large loan and bond financings.  This segment 
also covers the Group's own activities, such as own-account investments, brokerage activities, 
interbank transactions, transactions in derivatives and debt securities.  The Corporate and 
Investment Segment also includes the results of the Group's operations in Ukraine and the 
Group's activities in providing technological services, real estate development and management 
as well as investment funds. 
 
Transfer and Other Activities Centre includes the results of internal settlements related to funds 
transfer pricing, the result on the Bank's investment portfolio of debt securities, long-term

--- Page 137 ---
130 
 
sources of financing, positions classified for hedge accounting, the results of PKO Finance AB 
as well as results not allocated to any other segment. 
The table below shows certain segment information for 2021 and 2020 which is derived from note 16 to 
the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements.  For a more detailed description of how the segment 
information has been prepared, see note 16 to the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
2021 
Retail segment 
Corporate and 
investment segment 
Transfer centre  
and other 
Total activity of 
the Group 
(in PLN million) 
Net interest income 
6,994
1,679 
1,209
9,882
Net fee and commission income 
3,355
1,089 
(13)
4,431
Other net income 
1
350 
426
777
Dividend income 
-
12 
-
12
Gains/(losses) 
on 
financial 
transactions 
(77)
148 
(7)
64
Foreign exchange gains/(losses) 
4
110 
322
436
Gains/(losses) on derecognition of 
financial instruments 
2
104 
100
206
Net other operating income and 
expense 
46
2 
11
59
Income/(expenses) 
relating 
to 
internal customers 
26
(26) 
-
-
Result on business activities 
10,350
3,118 
1,622
15,090
Net expected credit losses 
(994)
(315) 
-
(1,309)
Net impairment allowances on 
non-financial assets 
(26)
7 
(27)
(46)
Administrative 
expenses, 
of 
which: 
(5,095)
(1,050) 
(29)
(6,174)
depreciation and amortisation 
(852)
(146) 
-
(998)
net regulatory charges 
(491)
(126) 
(28)
(645)
Tax 
on 
certain 
financial 
institutions 
(783)
(335) 
39
(1,079)
Share in profits and losses of 
associates and joint-ventures 
-
- 
-
31
Segment profit/(loss) 
3,452
1,425 
1,605
6,513
Income tax expense (tax burden) 
 
(1,640)
Net profit (loss) (including non-
controlling interest) 
 
4,873
Profit (loss) attributable to non-
controlling shareholders 
 
(1)
Net profit attributable to equity 
holders of the parent company 
 
4,874
2020 
Retail segment 
Corporate and 
investment 
segment 
Transfer centre  
and other 
Total activity of 
the Group 
(in PLN million) 
Net interest income 
7,798 
2,041 
507 
10,346 
Net fee and commission income 
3,060 
874 
(14) 
3,920 
Other net income 
(197) 
236 
163 
202 
Dividend income 
- 
15 
- 
15 
Gains/(losses) 
on 
financial 
transactions 
(105) 
(1) 
4 
(102) 
Foreign exchange gains/(losses) 
11 
109 
62 
182 
Gains/(losses) on derecognition 
of financial instruments 
(7) 
105 
83 
181 
Net other operating income and 
expense 
(122) 
34 
14 
(74) 
Income/(expenses) relating to 
internal customers 
26 
(26) 
- 
- 
Result on business activities 
10,661 
3,151 
656 
14,468 
Net expected credit losses 
(971) 
(1,203) 
- 
(2,174) 
Net impairment allowances of 
non-financial assets 
(106) 
(238) 
(72) 
(416)

--- Page 138 ---
131 
 
Cost of the legal risk of mortgage 
loans in convertible currencies 
(6,552) 
- 
- 
(6,552) 
Administrative 
expenses, 
of 
which: 
(4,893) 
(1,053) 
(37) 
(5,983) 
depreciation and amortisation 
(830) 
(149) 
- 
(979) 
net regulatory charges 
(567) 
(175) 
(36) 
(778) 
Tax 
on 
certain 
financial 
institutions 
(742) 
(337) 
24 
(1,055) 
Share in profits and losses of 
associates and joint ventures 
- 
- 
- 
16 
Segment profit/(loss) 
(2,603) 
320 
571 
(1,696) 
Income tax expense (tax burden) 
 
 
 
(865) 
Net profit/(loss) (including non-
controlling interest) 
 
 
 
(2,561) 
Profit/(loss) attributable to non-
controlling shareholders 
 
 
 
(4) 
Net 
profit 
attributable 
to 
equity holders of the parent 
company 
 
 
 
(2,557) 
The table below shows certain segment information for the nine-months periods ended 30 September 
2022 and 30 September 2021. 
Income statement by 
segments  
for nine-months  
ended 30 September 2022 
Retail segment 
Corporate and 
investment 
segment 
Transfer centre  
and other 
Total activity of 
the Group 
(in PLN million) 
Net interest income 
4,808 
2,571 
276 
7,655 
Net fee and commission income 
2,767 
948 
(5) 
3,710 
Other net income 
295 
346 
(240) 
401 
Dividend income 
- 
12 
- 
12 
Gains/(losses) 
on 
financial 
transactions 
157 
191 
2 
350 
Foreign exchange gains/(losses) 
49 
116 
(253) 
(88) 
Gains/(losses) on derecognition 
of financial instruments 
(3) 
(25) 
(2) 
(30) 
Net other operating income and 
expense 
72 
72 
13 
157 
Income/(expenses) relating to 
internal customers 
20 
(20) 
- 
- 
Result on business activities 
7,870 
3,865 
31 
11,766 
Net expected credit losses 
(706) 
(460) 
- 
(1,166) 
Net impairment allowances of 
non-financial assets 
(13) 
(1) 
(10) 
(24) 
Cost of the legal risk of mortgage 
loans in convertible currencies 
(1,176) 
- 
- 
(1,176) 
Administrative 
expenses, 
of 
which: 
(5,046) 
(1,018) 
(32) 
(6,096) 
depreciation and amortisation 
(665) 
(98) 
- 
(763) 
net regulatory charges 
(1,409) 
(370) 
(31) 
(1,810) 
Tax 
on 
certain 
financial 
institutions 
(556) 
(286) 
(112) 
(954) 
Share in profits and losses of 
associates and joint ventures 
- 
- 
- 
61 
Segment profit/(loss) 
373 
2,100 
(123) 
2,411 
Income tax expense (tax burden) 
 
 
 
(812) 
Net profit/(loss) (including non-
controlling interest) 
 
 
 
1,599 
Profit/(loss) attributable to non-
controlling shareholders 
 
 
 
(2) 
Net 
profit 
attributable 
to 
equity holders of the parent 
company 
 
 
 
1,601

--- Page 139 ---
132 
 
Income statement by segments  
for nine-months  
ended 30 September 2021 
Retail segment 
Corporate and 
investment segment 
Transfer centre  
and other 
Total activity of the 
Group 
(in PLN million) 
Net interest income 
5,111
1,256 
846
7,213
Net fee and commission income 
2,402
805 
(11)
3,196
Other net income 
(72)
252 
486
666
Dividend income 
-
12 
-
12
Gains/(losses) 
on 
financial 
transactions 
(96)
69 
-
(27)
Foreign exchange gains/(losses) 
(9)
62 
371
424
Gains/(losses) on derecognition of 
financial instruments 
1
82 
93
176
Net other operating income and 
expense 
12
47 
22
81
Income/(expenses) 
relating 
to 
internal customers 
20
(20) 
-
-
Result on business activities 
7,441
2,313 
1,321
11,075
Net expected credit losses 
(699)
(94) 
1
(792)
Net impairment allowances of 
non-financial assets 
(19)
14 
(30)
(35)
Administrative 
expenses, 
of 
which: 
(3,727)
(796) 
(27)
(4,550)
depreciation and amortisation 
(637)
(108) 
-
(745)
net regulatory charges 
(382)
(121) 
(27)
(530)
Tax 
on 
certain 
financial 
institutions 
(582)
(245) 
42
(785)
Share in profits and losses of 
associates and joint ventures 
-
- 
-
21
Segment profit/(loss) 
2,414
1,192 
1,307
4,934
Income tax expense (tax burden) 
 
(1,263)
Net profit/(loss) (including non-
controlling interest) 
 
3,671
Profit/(loss) attributable to non-
controlling shareholders 
 
-
Net profit attributable to equity 
holders of the parent company 
 
3,671
Retail Segment 
The Group's offer for individual clients covers a wide range of credit, deposit and insurance products 
as well as electronic banking services.  Lending products include cash advances, mortgage loans, 
revolving loans, credit cards and housing loans.  Entrepreneurs which are served by the Retail Segment 
have access to investment and investor loans, revolving loans, leases and factoring.  Deposit and 
investment offer covers regular savings products, term deposits, investment funds managed by PKO 
TFI and bonds issued by the Polish state.  The Retail Segment also covers insurance products, both 
linked and not linked with the banking products offered by the Group.  Insurance products linked with 
banking products include insurance offered together with consumer loans, mortgage loans, bank 
accounts and credit cards.  Insurance products not linked with banking products are life insurance, real 
estate insurance, travel insurance, motor insurance, oncological insurance policy and insurance of 
leased assets. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had 11.1 million customers in the Retail Segment, including 10.5 
million individuals (15.4 thousand of which are private banking customers) and 0.5 million companies 
and enterprises.  The number of customers in the retail segment increased by 114 thousand as compared 
to 31 December 2020. 
As at 31 December 2021 the aggregate amount of financing granted to the clients in the Retail Segment 
was PLN 182 billion, a 3.7 per cent. increase as compared to 31 December 2020.  The deposits amount 
was PLN 263 billion, a 9.58 per cent. increase as compared to 31 December 2020.  The Group also 
maintained 8.5 million active bank accounts as at the end of 2021.  In 2021, the Bank distributed to its

--- Page 140 ---
133 
 
clients 433 million state treasury bonds, with an aggregate principal amount of PLN 54 billion, a 36 per 
cent. increase as compared to 2020. 
The amount of new housing loans granted to the Retail Segment customers in 2021 was PLN 16.6 
billion, which gave the Group a 19.8 per cent. share in the Polish market.  The consumer loans portfolio 
grew by approximately 30 per cent. 
Corporate and Investment Segment 
The Corporate and Investment Segment's offering is targeted at large corporate clients, entities from 
the public sector and foreign clients.  It offers general banking services as well as a variety of lending 
products, including large syndicated loans and high value debt securities offerings.  The Bank's foreign 
branches enable the Bank's clients to enter selected international markets by offering transactional 
banking products, international cash pooling, electronic banking, treasury products, trade finance and 
corporate loans. 
As at 31 December 2021 the Group had 17 thousand customers in the Corporate and Investment 
Segment, including 5.2 thousand customers from the public sector.  The public sector customers are 
local and central government units, court enforcement officers, hospitals, companies controlled by local 
governments, the Polish social insurance system, the Polish State Forests and related entities. 
As at 31 December 2021, the aggregate amount of financing granted to the customers from the 
Corporate and Investment Segment was PLN 74 billion, a PLN 5.4 billion increase as compared to 
31 December 2020.  In 2021, compared to 2020, the net factoring receivables grew by 87 per cent.  
The amount of savings of the customers in the Corporate and Investment Segment as at 31 December 
2021 was PLN 58.4 billion, a PLN 17.3 billion increase compared to 31 December 2020. 
Bank's subsidiaries 
The Bank's subsidiaries provide a wide range of banking and non-banking services to the clients from 
both Retail Segment and the Corporate and Investment Segment. 
PKO Bank Hipoteczny S.A. 
PKO Bank Hipoteczny S.A. (PKO BH) is a specialised mortgage bank which grants mortgage loans 
for housing purposes, purchases receivables under mortgage loans for housing purposes from the Bank 
and issues covered bonds. 
In 2021 PKO BH's profit was PLN 94.9 million, compared to PLN 81.5 million in 2020.  As at 
31 December 2021 the aggregate amount of the PKO BH's loan portfolio was PLN 22.8 billion and the 
outstanding principal amount of the issued covered bonds was PLN 13.1 billion. 
PKO Towarzystwo Funduszy Inwestycyjnych S.A. 
PKO Towarzystwo Funduszu Inwestycyjnych S.A. (PKO TFI) is a fund manager.  It manages 
investment funds, employee pension programmes and employee capital plans.  PKO TFI's profit in 2021 
was PLN 218.8 million as compared to PLN 194.5 million in 2020.  The value of the net assets of funds 
managed by PKO TFI as at 31 December 2021 was PLN 38.9 billion, a 15.1 per cent. increase as 
compared to 31 December 2020.  According to "Analizy Online", PKO TFI is the market leader in 
managed assets of retail customers with a 19.2 per cent. market share and is in the second position in 
terms of the net asset value with a market share of 12.91 per cent.

--- Page 141 ---
134 
 
PKO BP Bankowy Powszechne Towarzystwo Emerytalne S.A. 
PKO BP Bankowy Powszechne Towarzystwo Emerytalne S.A. (PKO BP PTE) is a pension fund 
manager.  It manages PKO BP Otwarty Fundusz Emerytalny (PKO BP OFE) and PKO Dobrowolny 
Fundusz Emerytalny.  Both funds offer individual retirement accounts and individual retirement 
security accounts.  PKO BP PTE net profit in 2021 was PLN 15.2 million, compared to a loss of PLN 
32.6 million in 2020. 
According to the KNF, as at 31 December 2021 PKO BP OFE had 877.1 thousand participants, net 
asset value of PLN 8.5 billion and ranked ninth in terms net asset value and number of participants. 
PKO Leasing S.A. Group 
PKO Leasing S.A. and its subsidiaries (PKO Leasing Group) provide leasing services and loans to 
finance the acquisition of vehicles, machines, equipment, technological lines, medical equipment and 
software.  In 2021 its profit was PLN 249.1 million, as compared to PLN 124.5 million in 2020.  As at 
31 December 2021, the carrying value of the amounts due from the PKO Leasing Group's clients under 
leases and loans and the carrying value of fixed assets under operating leases was PLN 21.1 billion. 
PKO Faktoring S.A. 
PKO Faktoring S.A. (PKO Faktoring) provides domestic and export factoring services with and 
without recourse, reverse factoring and factoring programme for suppliers. 
As at 31 December 2021, the carrying value of the amounts due from customers was PLN 2.92 billion, 
as compared to PLN 1.63 billion as at the end of 2020.  PKO Faktoring's turnover in 2021 was PLN 22.5 
billion, compared to PLN 18.6 billion in 2020.  According to the Polish Factors' Association, PKO 
Faktoring ranked eighth in terms turnover among the members of this association. 
PKO Życie Towarzystwo Ubezpieczeń S.A. 
PKO Życie Towarzystwo Ubezpieczeń S.A. (PKO Życie TU) offers life insurance products, both as 
individual products and as products linked to other products offered by the Group.  PKO Życie TU's 
profit in 2021 was PLN 9.1 million, compared to PLN 39.2 million in 2020.  In 2021 the PKO Życie 
TU 's gross written premiums were PLN 517.0 million (in accordance with the Polish Accounting Rules) 
and it had 1,021 thousand clients. 
PKO Towarzystwo Ubezpieczeń S.A. 
PKO Towarzystwo Ubezpieczeń S.A. (PKO TU) provides non-life insurance products, in particular 
insurance against loss of income, sickness and accident insurance, property insurance and automotive 
insurance. PKO TU's profit in 2021 was PLN 72.2 million, compared to PLN 55.7 million in 2020.  
In 2021 PKO TU's gross written premiums were PLN 815.8 million (in accordance with the Polish 
Accounting Rules) and PKO TU had 1,196 thousand customers. 
Kredobank Group 
The Kredobank group (the Kredobank Group) consists of Kredobank S.A. (Kredobank) and 
Kredoleasing sp. z o.o. (Kredoleasing). 
Kredobank is a universal bank providing banking services to retail customers and small and medium 
enterprises operating in the western part of Ukraine. Kredoleasing provides financial services, including 
leases, factoring and granting advances.  It was created in 2021 and was not operational by the end of 
2021.

--- Page 142 ---
135 
 
In 2021, the Kredobank Group's net profit was UAH 800.8 million (PLN 113.9 million) compared to 
UAH 523.9 million (PLN 75.4 million) in 2020.  The Kredobank Group's gross loan portfolio in 2021 
increased by 23.3 per cent. to UAH 17.5 billion (PLN 2.6 billion).  As at 31 December 2021, the value 
of the term deposits of the Kredobank Group's customers was UAH 7.4 billion (PLN 1.1 billion), a 14.5 
per cent. increase as compared to 31 December 2020.  After the Russian invasion on Ukraine, 
the Kredobank Group continues in operations, however on a limited scale and in manner adopted to 
wartime conditions. 
PKO BP Finat sp. z o.o. 
PKO BP Finat sp. z o.o. (PKO BP Finat) provides various services to companies from the financial 
sector, including providing technical solutions, fund transfer agent services, accounting and outsourcing 
if IT teams, specialists and processes.  PKO BP Finat's profit in 2021 was PLN 33.1 million, compared 
to PLN 35.5 million in 2020. 
Distribution Network 
The Group distributes its products through a comprehensive distribution network comprising of internet 
banking services, a call centre, traditional branches and ATMs. 
The Group puts a great focus on the internet banking services, accessible both through a web browser 
and through dedicated mobile apps and promotes it as the primary channel for interacting with 
the Group.  Electronic banking enables the Group's customers to access a wide range of the Group's 
products and the fees for the services and products purchased through electronic banking are usually 
lower than the fees paid for services and products offered through other channels.  As at 31 December 
2021, 9.5 million Group's customers had access to internet banking and in 2021 the users of the Group's 
mobile app logged into it 1.5 billion times. 
The call centre employs several hundred consultants and open for 24 hours a day.  The consultants not 
only respond to telephone calls, but also to emails and requests made through the internet banking and 
mobile apps. 
The branch network covers the whole territory of Poland and its purpose is to provide the Group's clients 
with convenient access to the Group's products and services.  As at 31 December 2021, the Bank's retail 
network comprised of 942 units, a 30 units decrease as compared to 31 December 2020, including 913 
retail branches, 10 regional retail branches, 8 private banking branches and 11 corporate banking 
branches.  The corporate network comprised of 23 regional corporate centres, 7 regional corporate 
branches and 3 foreign branches.  As at 31 December 2021, the Bank also had 2,976 ATMs across 
Poland.  The branches and ATMs are complemented by 447 agents.  In 2021 the Bank launched two 
new types of branches: a cashless branch where all payments and disbursements are made through 
self-service devices and a "PKO Koncept" branch which is a multi-business outlet providing not only 
financial services, but also space for business meetings and other ancillary services. 
Capital management 
The Bank's management board is responsible for the Group's capital management, including 
the assessment of capital adequacy in various economic scenarios and the evaluation of stress test 
results and their impact on the Group's internal capital and capital adequacy.  The Bank's supervisory 
board oversees the internal capital estimations. 
Under the CRR Regulation, the Bank has to satisfy the following own-fund requirements: 
 
a total capital ratio of 8.0 per cent.;

--- Page 143 ---
136 
 
 
a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0 per cent.; and 
 
a Tier 1 core capital ratio of 4.5 per cent. 
As at 30 September 2022, the minimum capital ratios, taking into account the regulatory requirements 
and Pillar 2 requirements and capital buffers, were: 
 
 
Bank 
Group 
 
(per cent.) 
Total capital ratio 
11.63 
11.62 
Tier 1 capital ratio 
9.60 
9.59 
Tier 1 core capital ratio 
8.08 
8.07 
The Bank uses a standardised approach to calculate the capital requirement for credit risk.  The capital 
requirements for the operational risk of the Bank's operations in Poland, Germany and Czech Republic 
is calculated under the advanced measurement approach and for the Bank's operations in Slovakia and 
the operations of the Bank's subsidiaries subject to prudential consolidation, under the basic indicator 
approach.  The capital requirements for the market risks are calculated under the basic approach for the 
foreign exchange risk and the specific debt instrument risk, under the simplified approach for the 
commodities risk and the equity instrument risk, under the duration-based approach for the general debt 
instrument risk, and, for non-delta risks, under the scenario approach for options for which the Bank 
uses its own valuation models and under the delta plus approach for other options. 
The table below presents selected data concerning the capital ratios of the Group as at the dates indicated 
below: 
 
 
30 September 2022 
31 December 
 
2021  
(restated) 
2020 
Total capital ratio 
17.15 
18.23 
18.18 
Tier 1 capital ratio 
16.01 
17.03 
16.99 
Tier 1 core capital ratio 
16.01 
17.03 
16.99 
On 2 December 2021 the BGF informed the Bank of the required minimum level of own funds and 
eligible liabilities subject to conversion (MREL). The MREL requirement for the Group is 15.80 per 
cent. of the Group's total risk exposure amount and 5.91 of the total exposure measure.  The Group 
should meet these requirements by 31 December 2023. 
Borrowings 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had outstanding liabilities, under loans granted to the Group, debt 
securities issued by the members of the Group and subordinated liabilities, of PLN 29,049 million.  The 
table below gives primary information on the outstanding debt securities issued by the Group as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
Issuer 
Status 
Currency 
Principal amount 
Issue  
Date 
Maturity Date 
Listing 
Bank 
Subordinated 
PLN 
1,700,000,000 
28 August 2017 28 August 2027 Warsaw 
Bank 
Subordinated 
PLN 
1,000,000,000 
5 March 2018 
6 March 2028 
Warsaw 
Kredobank 
Senior 
UAH 
233,000,000 
1 
December 
2017 
26 
November 
2022 
Kyiv 
Kredobank 
Senior 
UAH 
250,000,000 
17 July 2018 
28 
December 
2022 
Kyiv 
PKO Bank 
Hipoteczny 
Covered Bond 
EUR 
25,000,000 
2 February 20172 April 2024 
Luxembourg, 
Warsaw 
PKO Bank 
Hipoteczny 
Covered Bond 
EUR 
500,000,000 
30 March 2017 24 January 2023 Luxembourg, 
Warsaw 
PKO Bank 
Hipoteczny 
Covered Bond 
EUR 
500,000,000 
27 
September 
2017 
27 August 2024 Luxembourg, 
Warsaw

--- Page 144 ---
137 
 
PKO Bank 
Hipoteczny 
Covered Bond 
PLN 
500,000,000 
27 
October 
2017 
27 June 2023 
Warsaw 
PKO Bank 
Hipoteczny 
Covered Bond 
EUR 
54,000,000 
2 
November 
2017 
3 
November 
2022 
Luxembourg, 
Warsaw 
PKO Bank 
Hipoteczny 
Covered Bond 
EUR 
500,000,000 
22 March 2018 24 January 2024 Luxembourg, 
Warsaw 
PKO Bank 
Hipoteczny 
Covered Bond 
PLN 
698,000,000 
27 April 2018 
25 April 2024 
Warsaw 
PKO Bank 
Hipoteczny 
Covered Bond 
PLN 
500,000,000 
27 July 2018 
25 July 2025 
Warsaw 
PKO Bank 
Hipoteczny 
Covered Bond 
PLN 
60,000,000 
24 August 2018 24 August 2028 Warsaw 
PKO Bank 
Hipoteczny 
Covered Bond 
PLN 
230,000,000 
26 
October 
2018 
28 April 2025 
Warsaw 
PKO Bank 
Hipoteczny 
Covered Bond 
PLN 
245,000,000 
10 June 2018 
20 
September 
2024 
Warsaw 
PKO Bank 
Hipoteczny 
Covered Bond 
PLN 
250,000,000 
2 
December 
2019 
2 
December 
2024 
Warsaw 
PKO Bank 
Hipoteczny 
Covered Bond 
EUR 
500,000,000 
4 July 2022 
25 June 2025 
Luxembourg, 
Warsaw 
Transactions with the State Treasury and related parties 
The Group entered into a number of related party transactions, including transactions between members 
of the Group, transactions with the State Treasury and with entities related to the State Treasury. 
The tables below show the related party transactions entered into by the Group as at 30 September 2022, 
31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020: 
 
Transactions with  
the State Treasury 
For nine months 
ended  
30 September 
2022 
For nine months 
ended  
30 September 
2021 
For the year 
ended  
31 December 2021 
For the year 
ended 
31 December 2020 
 
(PLN million) 
Income recognised on an 
accrual basis 
64 
64 
73 
78 
Income recognised on a cash 
basis 
9 
7 
19 
64 
Income 
from 
temporary 
redemption 
by 
the 
State 
Treasury 
of 
interest 
on 
housing loans in the old 
portfolio 
55 
57 
54 
14 
 
Significant 
transactions 
with the State 
Treasury 
related entities 
Balance sheet exposure, 
including exposure to loans 
and debt instruments 
Off-balance sheet exposure 
Liabilities in respect of 
deposits 
 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2020 
 
(in PLN million) 
Counterparty 1 
- 
- 
2,453 
2,453 
2,870 
793 
Counterparty 2 
16,337 
16,845 
30 
30 
1,068 
737 
Counterparty 3 
3,392 
644 
4,438 
950 
71 
46 
Counterparty 4 
697 
623 
1,976 
1,693 
54 
63 
Counterparty 5 
277 
1,617 
2,111 
714 
86 
48 
Counterparty 6 
575 
46 
1,410 
1,191 
- 
114 
Counterparty 7 
247 
465 
1,598 
2,036 
453 
98 
Counterparty 8 
887 
129 
662 
2,046 
145 
41 
Counterparty 9 
717 
999 
820 
1,156 
874 
11 
Counterparty 10 
95 
313 
813 
706 
- 
- 
 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(in PLN million) 
Interest and commission income 
119 
206

--- Page 145 ---
138 
 
Interest and commission expense 
(7) 
(16) 
 
Transactions with associates 
and joint ventures – 30 
September 2022 
 
 
 
 
Company name 
Receivables 
of which loans 
Liabilities 
Off-balance sheet 
liabilities granted 
 
(in PLN million) 
Centrum 
Elektronicznych 
Usług Płatniczych eService sp. 
z o.o. 
116 
11 
151 
53 
"Centrum Obsługi Biznesu" 
sp. z o.o. 
8 
8 
1 
- 
Bank Pocztowy S.A. 
- 
- 
- 
1 
Operator Chmury Krajowej sp. 
z o.o. 
- 
- 
17 
1,025 
Total joint ventures and 
associates 
124 
19 
169 
1,079 
 
Transactions with associates 
and joint ventures – for nine 
months ended 30 September 
2022 
 
 
 
 
Company name 
Total income 
of which interest 
and commission 
expense 
Total expenses 
of which interest 
and commission 
expense 
 
(in PLN million) 
Centrum 
Elektronicznych 
Usług Płatnicznych eService 
sp. z o.o. 
623 
529 
150 
150 
Operator Chmury Krajowej sp. 
z o.o. 
- 
- 
20 
- 
System 
Ochrony 
Banków 
Komercyjnych S.A. 
- 
- 
956 
- 
Total joint ventures and 
associates 
623 
529 
1,126 
150 
 
Transactions with associates 
and joint ventures – for nine 
months ended 30 September 
2021 
 
 
 
 
Company name 
Total income 
of which interest 
and commission 
expense 
Total expenses 
of which interest 
and commission 
expense 
 
(in PLN million) 
Centrum 
Elektronicznych 
Usług Płatnicznych eService 
sp. z o.o. 
513 
386 
74 
74 
Operator Chmury Krajowej sp. 
z o.o. 
- 
- 
16 
- 
Total joint ventures and 
associates 
513 
386 
90 
74 
 
Transactions with associates 
and joint ventures – 31 
December 2021 
 
 
 
 
Company name 
Receivables 
of which loans 
Liabilities 
Off-balance sheet 
liabilities granted 
 
(in PLN million) 
Centrum 
Elektronicznych 
Usług Płatnicznych eService 
sp. z o.o. 
83 
28 
133 
33 
"Centrum Obsługi Biznesu" 
sp. z o.o. 
17 
17 
5 
- 
Bank Pocztowy S.A. 
- 
- 
- 
1

--- Page 146 ---
139 
 
Operator Chmury Krajowej sp. 
z o.o. 
- 
- 
12 
852 
"Poznański Fundusz Poręczeń 
Kredytowych" sp. z o.o. 
- 
- 
1 
- 
Total joint ventures and 
associates 
100 
45 
151 
886 
 
Transactions with associates 
and joint ventures – for the 
period ended 31 December 
2021 
 
 
 
 
Company name 
Total income 
of which interest 
and commission 
expense 
Total expenses 
of which interest 
and commission 
expense 
 
(in PLN million) 
Centrum 
Elektronicznych 
Usług Płatnicznych eService 
sp. z o.o. 
698 
588 
106 
105 
Operator Chmury Krajowej sp. 
z o.o. 
- 
- 
24 
- 
Total 
joint 
ventures 
and 
associates 
698 
588 
130 
105 
 
Transactions with associates 
and joint ventures – 31 
December 2020 
 
 
 
 
Company name 
Receivables 
of which loans 
Liabilities 
Off-balance sheet 
liabilities granted 
 
(in PLN million) 
Centrum 
Elektronicznych 
Usług Płatnicznych eService 
sp. z o.o. 
54 
6 
168 
54 
"Centrum Obsługi Biznesu" 
sp. z o.o. 
17 
17 
4 
- 
Bank Pocztowy S.A. 
- 
- 
- 
1 
Operator Chmury Krajowej sp. 
z o.o. 
- 
- 
18 
767 
"Poznański Fundusz Poręczeń 
Kredytowych" sp. z o.o. 
- 
- 
22 
- 
Total 
joint 
ventures 
and 
associates 
71 
23 
212 
822 
 
Transactions with associates 
and joint ventures – for the 
period ended 31 December 
2020 
 
 
 
 
Company name 
Total income 
of which interest 
and commission 
expense 
Total expenses 
of which interest 
and commission 
expense 
 
(in PLN million) 
Centrum 
Elektronicznych 
Usług Płatnicznych eService 
sp. z o.o. 
543 
517 
92 
91 
Total 
joint 
ventures 
and 
associates 
543 
517 
92 
91 
Risk management 
Risk management is one of the most important internal processes in both the Bank and other entities of 
the Group.  It is aimed at ensuring (in the changing environment) the profitability of business activities 
while ensuring an appropriate level of control and keeping the risk level within the risk tolerances and 
limits system adopted by the Bank and the Group, in a changing macroeconomic environment.  
The level of risk is an important part of the planning processes.

--- Page 147 ---
140 
 
Risk management objective 
The objective of the risk management is to strive to maintain the level of risk within the accepted 
tolerances in order to: 
 
protect shareholder value; 
 
protect customer deposits; 
 
support the Group in conducting efficient operations; 
 
provide the decision-makers with the fullest possible information on risk; and 
 
improve the risk management processes and effectively establish a risk management and 
awareness culture within the Group. 
Main principles of risk management 
The Group's risk management is based, in particular, on the following principles: 
 
the risk management covers all the risks identified; 
 
the risk management process is appropriate from the perspective of the scale of operations and 
materiality, scale and complexity of a given risk, and adjusted on an on-going basis to take 
account of the new risks and their sources; 
 
the risk management methods (especially models and their assumptions) and risk measurement 
or assessment systems are tailored to the scale and complexity of individual risks, the current 
and planned operations of the Group and its operating environment, and are periodically 
verified and validated; 
 
the ESG risk is managed as part of the management of other risks.  Due to its specific nature, 
the ESG risk affects all individual risks that might occur at the Bank risk.  The ESG risk 
management takes into account the effect of ESG factors on the Bank's operations, its financial 
result and development and the effect of the Bank's operations on the society and the 
environment; 
 
the area of risk management remains organizationally independent of business activities; 
 
risk management is integrated into the planning and controlling systems; 
 
the level of risk, including ESG risk, is monitored and controlled on an on-going basis; and 
 
the risk management process supports the implementation of the Bank's strategy in compliance 
with the Risk Management Strategy, in particular with respect to the level of risk tolerance. 
Risk management process 
The process of risk management in the Group consists of the following stages: 
Risk identification: risk identification consists of recognizing the existing and potential sources of risk 
and estimating the significance of its potential impact on the Bank's and the Group's operations.  As 
part of risk identification, the Group entities identify the risks considered to be material in the Bank's 
or the Group's operations.

--- Page 148 ---
141 
 
Risk measurement and assessment: risk measurement and assessment are aimed at determining the scale 
of threats connected with the risks arising.  Risk measurement covers determining the risk assessment 
measures adequate to the type and significance of the risk, and data availability.  Quantitative and 
qualitative risk measurement results are the basis for the risk assessment aimed at identifying the scale 
or scope of risk. 
As part of risk measurement, the Group carries out: 
 
specific stress tests which are conducted separately for individual risk types and are used to 
assess sensitivity of a given risk to unfavourable market conditions, 
 
comprehensive stress tests conducted jointly for the concentration risk and risks regarded as 
material, used to determine sensitivity of the capital adequacy measures and Bank's results to 
the occurrence of a negative scenario of changes in the environment and the functioning of the 
Group. 
The stress-tests are conducted by the Group based on assumptions which ensure a sound assessment of 
the risk, in particular taking into account the recommendations of the KNF. 
Risk control: risk control involves the determination of risk control mechanisms adjusted to the scale 
and complexity of the Group's activities, especially in the form of strategic tolerance limits for the 
individual types of risk.  Strategic risk tolerance limits are subject to regular monitoring, and if they are 
exceeded, the Bank's Group takes management actions. 
Risk forecasting and monitoring: risk forecasting involves foreseeing future risk levels, taking into 
account the assumed business development projections, and internal and external events.  Risk level 
forecasts are assessed by the Bank and the Group ("reverse stress tests") in order to verify their accuracy. 
Risk monitoring involves observing deviations from the forecasts or the adopted benchmarks 
(e.g. limits, thresholds, plans, prior period measurements, recommendations and instructions issued by 
external supervisory and regulatory authority). Risk monitoring and forecasting frequency is adequate 
to the materiality and variability of specific risks. 
Risk reporting: risk reporting consists of informing about the results of the risk identification, 
measurement, assessment and forecasting, causes of changes in the risks, actions taken and 
recommended.  The scope, frequency and form of the reporting are adjusted to the managerial level of 
the recipients.  If potential liquidity problems arise, the Supervisory Board is immediately informed 
about significant changes in the risk level, and in particular, about threats and remedial actions taken, 
and of their impact on the Bank's liquidity level. 
Management actions: management actions consist of determining the desired risk level favourable for 
building the structure of assets and liabilities.  Management actions may result, in particular, in: 
 
acceptance of the risk – determining the acceptable risk level, taking into account business 
needs and developing management actions in the case the level is exceeded; 
 
reduction of the risk – mitigation of the impact of the risk factors or effects of its materialization 
(e.g. by reducing or diversifying the risk exposure, determining limits, utilizing collaterals); 
 
transfer of the risk – transferring responsibility for covering potential losses (e.g. by transferring 
the risk to another entity with the use of legal instruments, such as insurance contracts, security 
services agreements for a building, accepting guarantees);

--- Page 149 ---
142 
 
 
avoidance of risk - resignation from the risk-generating activity or eliminating the possibility 
of the risk occurring, including, in particular, by a determination of zero tolerance to risk. 
Organisation of risk management within the Group 
The Bank supervises the functioning of individual entities in the Group.  As part of its supervisory role, 
the Bank monitors their risk management systems and supports their development.  In addition, 
the Bank takes into account the level of risk in particular Group companies for the purpose of the risk 
monitoring and reporting system at Group level. Risk management in the Bank takes place in all of 
the organizational units of the Bank. 
The organisation of risk management in Bank is presented in the diagram below:

--- Page 150 ---
143 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Supervisory Board supervises and evaluates the risk management process, in particular, on the basis 
of regular reports on the risk, taking into account the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management 
system and information about the implementation of the risk management strategy, also at the level of 
limits which limit the risk and conclusion from stress tests, and if necessary, orders the verification of 
the process. 
The Supervisory Board is supported by the following committees: the Supervisory Board for 
Nominations and Remuneration Committee, the Supervisory Board Risk Committee and 
the Supervisory Board Audit Committee. 
In respect of risk management, the Bank's Management Board is responsible for strategic risk 
management, including supervising and monitoring actions taken by the Bank in respect of risk 
management.  The Management Board makes major decisions affecting the risk profile of the Bank and 
adopts internal regulations concerning risk management. It ensures operation of the risk management 
system, monitors and assesses its functioning, and transfers the respective information to 
the Supervisory Board. In its risk management activities, the Management Board is supported by 
the following committees: 
 
the Risk Committee; 
Committees 
Committees 
The Bank’s entites 
responsible for 
controlling 
The Bank’s entities 
and separate units 
in the 
organizational 
structure 
responsible for risk 
management as 
part of the Risk 
Management Area 
Compliance 
Department 
Supervisory Board 
Management 
Board 
Internal Audit 
Department 
The Bank’s entities responsible for undertaking risk and separate sections in the organizational structure of 
specialist business units in the Risk Management Area responsible for undertaking risk  
Level 3 
Level 2 
Level 1

--- Page 151 ---
144 
 
 
the Asset and Liability Committee (ALCO); 
 
the Bank's Credit Committee; 
 
the Operational Risk Committee. 
The risk management process is carried out in three independent but complementary levels: 
The first level is formed of organisational structures responsible for product management, selling 
products and servicing customers, and of other structures which perform operational tasks that generate 
risk, which function based on internal regulations.  This function is performed by all of the Bank's and 
the Group's entities.  The Bank's entities implement appropriate risk controls, including in particular 
limits, designed by them and located at the second level.  They also ensure that they are met by means 
of appropriate controls.  At the same time, the Group entities and the Bank are obliged to have 
comparable and consistent systems for the risk assessment and control, taking into account the specific 
characteristics of each entity and its market. 
The second level covers compliance units and involves the identification, measurement, evaluation 
and/or control, monitoring and reporting of significant types of risks, and of the threats and identified 
irregularities.  These tasks are performed by dedicated organisational structures acting on the basis of 
the applicable internal regulations of the Bank.  The objective of these structures is to ensure that the 
tasks performed as part of the first level are properly governed in the internal regulations of the Bank 
and that they effectively limit the risk, support risk measurement, assessment and analysis and 
contribute to operational effectiveness.  The function is performed, in particular by the Risk 
Management Area, the Compliance Department and relevant committees.  The second level supports 
actions taken to eliminate unfavourable deviations from the financial plan, with respect to the amounts 
impacting the quantitative strategic risk tolerance limits specified in the financial plan.  These tasks are 
performed in particular in the entities of the Bank responsible for controlling. 
The third level consists of the internal audit function which performs independent audits of individual 
components of the Bank's management system, including the risk management system, and the internal 
control system; the internal audit operates independently of the first and second levels and may support 
their actions by way of consultation, but without the possibility to impact their decisions.  The function 
is performed in accordance with the Bank's internal regulations concerning the operation of the internal 
control system. 
The independence of the lines is ensured by organisational separation at the following levels: 
 
the function of the second level with regard to creating system solutions is independent of 
the function of the first level; and 
 
the function of the third level is independent of the functions of the first and second levels. 
Risk management within the Group 
The Bank, as the parent company of the Group, determines the key risk management principles applied 
in the Group, supervises the implementation of the risk management principles resulting from the risk 
management strategy, taking into account the adequacy of these principles to the activities of the Group 
entities, and exercises control over the risk in the Group with respect to significant types of risk.  
Members of the Group create and update internal regulations concerning the management of specific 
risks, upon consultation with the Bank and taking into account recommendations issued by the Bank 
and the Risk Management Strategy. 
The risk management function in the Group entities is executed, in particular, by:

--- Page 152 ---
145 
 
 
participation of the units from the Bank's Risk Management Area or of the relevant committees 
of the Bank in consulting large transactions in the Group entities; 
 
the assessments and reviews of the internal regulations concerning risk management in 
individual Group entities by the Bank's units from Risk Management Area and the Compliance 
Department; 
 
reporting of the Group risks to the relevant committees of the Bank or to the Bank's 
Management Board; and 
 
monitoring the strategic limits of risk tolerance for the Group. 
Loan application process 
The loan application process implemented by the Bank is a key element in managing the credit risk to 
which the Bank is exposed. 
Before granting a loan, the Bank conducts a comprehensive credit risk assessment, the result of which 
is expressed in an internal rating or scoring.  The credit risk of loan transactions is measured at the 
moment of examining the loan application and periodically as part of monitoring, taking into account 
changing conditions and the financial situations of borrowers.  Credit risk is assessed by analysts from 
independent business units of Risk Management Area and it is diversified in terms of geographical 
areas, sectors of the economy, types of products and customers. 
The decision to grant a loan can only be made by persons or bodies authorised by the Bank.  The terms 
of a loan offered to the Bank's client depend on the level of credit risk generated by such transaction.  
Decisions to grant loans are made by one or two persons, depending on the loan's value and risk level.  
Low-risk and low-value transactions are those involving granting charge cards or credit cards secured 
with a deposit on the Bank's account.  For loan transactions of higher risk and volume, decisions are 
made by two Bank representatives - a corporate business representative and a risk representative.  Loans 
exceeding PLN 100 million are approved by the Bank's credit committee and loans exceeding PLN 500 
million are approved by the Bank's Management Board. 
Loan collateral 
The Bank's loan collateral policy is established to secure the credit risk to which the Bank is exposed 
and includes the establishment of collateral ensuring the highest possible level of return in the event of 
debt collection.  The scope and value of the required collateral depend on the type of client and the type 
of loan.  Collateral for loans intended to finance a business client can be established on receivables, 
bank accounts, movables, real estate or securities.  
When accepting collateral for loans, the Bank prefers to accept collateral for which a sale is possible 
without a significant reduction in its price over time and which does not expose the Bank to a change 
in the value of the collateral due to a price change.  If the Bank accepts collateral over fixed assets, 
additional security shall be the transfer of a monetary claim under the insurance contract for the subject 
of this security, or an insurance contract issued for the benefit of the Bank.   
A condition for the disbursement of funds under a loan is the perfection of collateral or the submission 
of an application for the registration of such collateral.  Established collateral is subject to periodic 
monitoring by the Bank to determine the current value of such collateral.

--- Page 153 ---
146 
 
Non-performing loans 
The table below shows the quality of the Bank's credit portfolio as at 30 September 2022, 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2020.  The Bank actively manages its non-performing loans portfolio by, for 
example, selling the loan portfolios to external non-performing loan managers. 
Loans and advances to customers (excluding adjustments relating to fair value hedge accounting) – 30 September 
2022 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Including POCI 
Measured at fair 
value 
through 
OCI 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross amount 
- 
- 
2 
2 
2 
consumer loans 
- 
- 
2 
2 
2 
Allowances for 
expected credit 
losses 
- 
- 
(1) 
(1) 
(1) 
consumer loans 
- 
- 
(1) 
(1) 
(1) 
Net amount 
- 
- 
1 
1 
1 
consumer loans 
- 
- 
1 
1 
1 
Measured 
at 
amortised cost 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross amount 
188,082 
43,592 
9,272 
240,946 
204 
housing loans 
92,677 
17,989 
1,946 
112,612 
91 
corporate loans 
55,949 
16,968 
4,380 
77,297 
53 
consumer loans 
23,786 
3,084 
1,841 
28,711 
57 
factoring 
receivables 
3,532 
22 
33 
3,587 
- 
finance 
lease 
receivables 
12,138 
5,529 
1,072 
18,739 
3 
Allowances for 
expected credit 
losses 
(824) 
(3,187) 
(5,744) 
(9,755) 
(5) 
housing loans 
(92) 
(898) 
(1,388) 
(2,378) 
(20) 
corporate loans 
(344) 
(1,437) 
(2,652) 
(4,433) 
(12) 
consumer loans 
(308) 
(655) 
(1,179) 
(2,142) 
28 
factoring 
receivables 
(5) 
- 
(20) 
(25) 
- 
finance 
lease 
receivables 
(75) 
(197) 
(505) 
(777) 
(1) 
Net amount 
187,258 
40,405 
3,528 
231,191 
199 
housing loans 
92,585 
17,091 
558 
110,234 
71 
corporate loans 
55,605 
15,531 
1,728 
72,864 
41 
consumer loans 
23,478 
2,429 
662 
26,569 
85 
factoring 
receivables 
3,527 
22 
13 
3,562 
- 
finance 
lease 
receivables 
12,063 
5,332 
567 
17,962 
2 
Loans 
and 
advances 
to 
customers, total 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross amount 
188,082 
43,592 
9,274 
240,948 
206 
Allowances for 
expected credit 
losses 
(824) 
(3,187) 
(5,745) 
(9,756) 
(6) 
Net amount 
187,258 
40,405 
3,529 
231,192 
200

--- Page 154 ---
147 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers (excluding adjustments relating to fair value hedge accounting) – 2021 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Including POCI 
Measured at fair 
value 
through 
OCI 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross amount 
- 
- 
3 
3 
3 
consumer loans 
- 
- 
3 
3 
3 
Allowances for 
expected credit 
losses 
- 
- 
(1) 
(1) 
(1) 
consumer loans 
- 
- 
(1) 
(1) 
(1) 
Net amount 
- 
- 
2 
2 
2 
consumer loans 
- 
- 
2 
2 
2 
Measured 
at 
amortised cost 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross amount 
192,555 
36,543 
9,329 
238,427 
235 
housing loans 
104,386 
14,830 
2,005 
121,221 
81 
corporate loans 
49,182 
14,471 
4,537 
68,190 
50 
consumer loans 
23,064 
3,152 
1,643 
27,859 
47 
factoring 
receivables 
2,900 
18 
28 
2,946 
- 
finance 
lease 
receivables 
13,023 
4,072 
1,116 
18,211 
57 
Allowances for 
expected credit 
losses 
(708) 
(2,263) 
(5,716) 
(8,687) 
(6) 
housing loans 
(68) 
(671) 
(1,343) 
(2,082) 
(19) 
corporate loans 
(337) 
(933) 
(2,870) 
(4,140) 
(14) 
consumer loans 
(233) 
(525) 
(1,024) 
(1,782) 
28 
factoring 
receivables 
(5) 
- 
(18) 
(23) 
- 
finance 
lease 
receivables 
(65) 
(134) 
(461) 
(660) 
(1) 
Net amount 
191,847 
34,280 
3,613 
229,740 
229 
housing loans 
104,318 
14,159 
662 
119,139 
62 
corporate loans 
48,845 
13,538 
1,667 
64,050 
36 
consumer loans 
22,831 
2,627 
619 
26,077 
75 
factoring 
receivables 
2,895 
18 
10 
2,923 
- 
finance 
lease 
receivables 
12,958 
3,938 
655 
17,551 
56 
Loans 
and 
advances 
to 
customers 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross amount 
192,555 
36,543 
9,332 
238,430 
238 
Allowances for 
expected credit 
losses 
(708) 
(2,263) 
(5,717) 
(8,688) 
(7) 
Net amount 
191,847 
34,280 
3,615 
229,742 
231 
 
Loans and advances to customers (excluding adjustments relating to fair value hedge accounting) – 2020 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Including POCI 
Measured 
at 
amortised cost 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross amount 
182,300 
33,249 
9,865 
225,414 
270 
housing loans 
102,746 
13,702 
1,953 
118,401 
85 
corporate loans 
44,346 
13,689 
5,450 
63,485 
57 
consumer loans 
20,240 
2,855 
1,447 
24,542 
53 
factoring 
receivables 
1,532 
94 
23 
1,649 
- 
finance 
lease 
receivables 
13,436 
2,909 
992 
17,337 
75 
Allowances for 
expected credit 
losses 
(602) 
(2,061) 
(6,161) 
(8,824) 
(39)

--- Page 155 ---
148 
 
housing loans 
(58) 
(621) 
(1,404) 
(2,083) 
(27) 
corporate loans 
(289) 
(931) 
(3,304) 
(4,524) 
(6) 
consumer loans 
(209) 
(426) 
(975) 
(1,610) 
(4) 
factoring 
receivables 
(2) 
- 
(19) 
(21) 
- 
finance 
lease 
receivables 
(44) 
(83) 
(459) 
(586) 
(2) 
Net amount 
181,698 
31,188 
3,704 
216,590 
231 
housing loans 
102,688 
13,081 
549 
116,318 
58 
corporate loans 
44,057 
12,758 
2,146 
58,961 
51 
consumer loans 
20,031 
2,429 
472 
22,932 
49 
factoring 
receivables 
1,530 
94 
4 
1,628 
- 
finance 
lease 
receivables 
13,392 
2,826 
533 
16,751 
73 
Loans 
and 
advances 
to 
customers 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross amount 
182,300 
33,249 
9,865 
225,414 
270 
Allowances for 
expected credit 
losses 
(602) 
(2,061) 
(6,161) 
(8,824) 
(39) 
Net amount 
181,698 
31,188 
3,704 
216,590 
231 
Shareholders 
Overview 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank's share capital is divided into 1,250,000,000 shares with 
a nominal value of PLN 1 each.  Each share gives its holder the right to one vote at the Bank's General 
Meeting.  None of the Bank's shareholders is authorised to have more than 10 per cent. of voting rights 
at the Bank's General Meeting.  This limit does not apply to the Bank's shareholders who, at the time 
this limit was introduced, held more than 10 per cent. of voting rights at the Bank's general meeting, 
holders of the series A registered shares and the shareholders acting together with the holders of the 
series A registered shared under an agreement concerning exercising voting rights. 
The Bank is a public company and its shares are listed on the regulated market of the WSE.  Therefore, 
the Bank does not have detailed information on all of its shareholders.  The Bank only receives 
information on its significant shareholders if these shareholders comply with the notification 
requirements prescribed by Polish law. 
The table below sets out information on the shareholding structure of the Bank as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, based on the most recent notifications made to the Bank. 
 
 
Number of shares 
per cent. of voting rights at 
the General Meeting 
State Treasury 
367,918,980 
29.43 
Nationale-Nederlanden Otwarty Fundusz Emerytalny 
98,300,000 
7.86 
Aviva Otwarty Fundusz Emerytalny 
90,711,000 
7.26 
Otwarty Fundusz Emerytalny PZU "Złota Jesień" 
56,913,943 
6.77 
Other shareholders 
636,156,077 
48.68 
Total 
1,250,000,000 
100 
State Treasury's control over the Bank 
Nature of control 
The State Treasury has control over the Bank.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the State Treasury 
holds 29.43 per cent. of shares in the Bank's share capital and 29.43 per cent. of voting rights at the 
Bank's General Meeting.  Under the Bank's articles of association none of the Bank's shareholders may

--- Page 156 ---
149 
 
exercise more 10 per cent. of voting rights at the Bank's General Meetings.  This restriction does not 
apply to the Bank's shareholders who, at the date of introducing this restriction, held shares entitling 
them to more than 10 per cent. of voting rights at the Bank's General Meeting, holders of the Bank's A 
series registered shares  or holders who entered into an arrangement concerning exercising voting rights 
with the holders of the Bank's A series registered shares.  Therefore, the State Treasury is exempt from 
the restriction on exercising voting rights.  As a holder of the majority of voting rights at the Bank's 
General Meeting, the State Treasury can exercise a decisive influence on the resolutions adopted by this 
body, and in particular on the resolutions on key issues relating to the Bank's organisation and 
operations, including: (a) appointment and dismissal of members of the Supervisory Board; 
(b) establishing and winding-up special purpose funds from the Bank's net profit; (c) issue of warrants, 
convertible bonds and bonds participating in profits; (d) the determination of remuneration rules for 
Supervisory Board members and Management Board Members; (e) distribution of profits and covering 
losses; (f) amendments to the Bank's statutes; (g) increases and decreases in the share capital of the 
Bank; and (h) the Bank's liquidation, merger, demerger or transformation.  Since Management Board 
members are appointed and dismissed by the Supervisory Board, the State Treasury, by having a 
decisive influence on the composition of the Supervisory Board, can also directly influence 
the composition of the Management Board. 
Mechanisms preventing an abuse of control 
There are a number of legal instruments aimed at preventing an abuse of control over the Bank by its 
major shareholder specified in the Commercial Companies Code and the Act on Public Offerings dated 
29 July 2005. 
Dividend 
On 12 May 2022 the Bank's General Meeting adopted a resolution concerning the distribution of 
the Bank's net profit for the period from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021 by allocating a dividend 
of PLN 2,287,500,000 to the Bank's shareholders.  The dividend was paid out on 23 August 2022. 
IT and operations 
The Group has several IT systems, including systems supporting remote banking channels, product 
management, accounting, IT and HR support.  The IT infrastructure meets market standards and is 
protected with a regularly tested business continuity solution (including a remote facility), data backup 
procedures, off-site data storage and sophisticated cyber-crime prevention software.  Additionally, 
the Issuer is constantly monitoring the compliance of its IT systems with the relevant recommendations 
of the KNF. 
Litigation 
General 
As at 31 December 2021, the value of all court cases in which the Group was involved was PLN 7,142 
million.  This includes PLN 2,792 million claimed by the Group and PLN 4,350 million in claims 
against the Group.  As at 31 December 2021, the value of provisions for legal claims was PLN 701 
million. 
Disputes relating to CHF Mortgage Loans 
As at 31 December 2021, there were 12,349 lawsuits pending against the Group over loans indexed to, 
or denominated in, a foreign currency, with the disputed amount totalling PLN 3,855 million.  This 
included a class action against the Bank in respect of 72 loan agreements.  As at 31 December 2021, 
the Group estimated the total cumulative impact of legal risk associated with the CHF Mortgage Loans

--- Page 157 ---
150 
 
in the Group to be PLN 7,023 million, including (i) IFRS 9 adjustment to the gross carrying amount at 
PLN 6,428 million and (ii) IAS 37 provision at PLN 595 million. 
As at 30 September 2022, there were 17,645 lawsuits, including the class action mentioned above, 
pending against the Group over loans indexed to, or denominated in, a foreign currency, with the 
disputed amount totalling PLN 6,328 million. 
As at 30 September 2022, the Group estimated the total cumulative impact of legal risk associated with 
the loans indexed to, or denominated in, a foreign currency in the Group to be PLN 8,658 million 
including:  (i) IFRS 9 adjustment to the gross carrying amount at PLN 7,835 million and (ii) IAS 37 
provision and other assets adjustments at PLN 823 million. 
Management and Employees 
Management and Supervisory Bodies 
In accordance with the Commercial Companies Code and the Banking Law, the Bank is managed by 
its Management Board and overseen by its Supervisory Board.  The information provided below 
relating to the organisation, competencies and activities of the Management Board and the Supervisory 
Board has been prepared based on the provisions of the Commercial Companies Code, the Banking 
Law and the Bank's statutes. 
Management Board 
The Management Board is the Bank's governing body. 
The Management Board comprises at least three members appointed by the Supervisory Board for 
a joint term of office of three years.  The Management Board is headed by the President.  All 
Management Board members must hold a degree and have skills and experience relevant to their role 
at the Bank.  The President and the member of the Management Board responsible for risk management, 
are appointed with the consent of the KNF.  The President has the casting vote at Management Board 
meetings at which there is an even number of votes cast in favour and against a Management Board 
resolution.  The Management Board is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Bank, 
representing the Bank in relationships with third parties and other matters not restricted to 
the Supervisory Board or the General Meeting. 
The members of the Management Board are set out below: 
 
Name 
Position 
Paweł Gruza 
Vice-president of the Management Board, directing 
the works of the Management Board* 
Maks Kraczkowski 
Vice-president of the Management Board 
Mieczysław Król 
Vice-president of the Management Board 
Piotr Mazur 
Vice-president of the Management Board 
Marcin Eckert 
Vice-president of the Management Board 
Wojciech Iwanicki 
Vice-president of the Management Board 
Artur Kurcweil 
Vice-president of the Management Board 
Maciej Brzozowski 
Vice-president of the Management Board 
Andrzej Kopyrski 
Vice-president of the Management Board** 
*The Bank's Supervisory Board has appointed Mr Paweł Gruza to perform the function of the Vice-President of the 
Management Board, and, subject to the KNF's approval and as of the date of this approval, for the position of the President 
of the Management Board. 
**Mr Andrzej Kopyrski was appointed to the Bank's Management Board on 15 December 2022 and will join the Bank's 
Management Board on 1 January 2023.

--- Page 158 ---
151 
 
Paweł Gruza 
Paweł Gruza graduated from the University of Warsaw's Faculty of Law and Administration.  He gained 
experience in lawmaking while working as an Undersecretary of State in the Ministry of Finance.  He 
was involved in preparing reforms of the taxation system and the system for overseeing the companies 
controlled by the State Treasury.  He was an expert and a management board member of the Republican 
Foundation (Fundacja Republikańska) from 2007 to 2016 and a member of the Polish Financial 
Supervision Authority. 
From 2018 Paweł Gruza held the position of the Vice-President of the Management Board in KGHM 
Polska Miedź S.A.  He was a partner and a management board member of MMR Consulting sp. z o.o., 
as well as a partner in a tax consultancy GWW Tax from 2007 to 2016.  He worked in Artur Andersen 
and Ernst & Young from 2000 to 2006.  Paweł Gruza managed interdisciplinary consultant projects for 
Polish and international companies from the industrial and financial sector. 
Maks Kraczkowski 
He graduated from the University of Warsaw's Faculty of Law and Administration and obtained an 
Executive MBA diploma from the Management University in Warsaw.  He completed the Advanced 
Management Program at the Harvard Business School.  He gained experience in lawmaking and 
resolving economic issues on a national and international scale as a member of the lower house of 
the Polish parliament (in Polish: Sejm) of four terms and a deputy chair of a parliamentary economic 
committee and parliamentary committee for economy and development.  Currently he holds a position 
of a chairperson of the supervisory board of Kredobank.  
Mieczysław Król 
Mieczysław Król graduated from the Faculty of Finance and Statistics at the Warsaw School of 
Economics and the International School of Management.  He completed his post-graduate studies at 
the Warsaw School of Economics at the Collegium of Management and Finance. 
He has over thirty years of experience in banking.  He worked at the NBP, Centrum 
Finansowo-Bankowe in Warsaw and Kredobank where he was a director of the audit department and, 
at the same time, a chairperson of the audit committee.  From 2011 to 2015, he held a position of 
a director of an audit department at Bank Ochrony Środowiska S.A. in Warsaw.  He lectured at 
the Academy of Business Activity in Warsaw and wrote many articles about banking and economics.  
He is a member of supervisory boards at PKO Życie TU and PKO TU. 
Piotr Mazur 
Piotr Mazur graduated from the University of Economics in Wrocław and majored in Organization and 
Management.  He has over thirty years of experience in banking, mainly in the areas of risk, 
restructuring, loans, and in international financial groups operating in Europe, USA and South America.  
He gained experience as a member of supervisory boards, boards of creditors, member and chairperson 
of key risk management committees.  He participated in creating the strategy of Bank Zachodni WBK 
S.A. where he held a position of a deputy chief risk officer and a chief credit officer.  Piotr Mazur was 
a chairperson of the BZ WBK Credit Committee, a deputy chairperson of the credit risk forum and 
a deputy chairperson of the risk models forum.  He is a member of the supervisory board of Biuro 
Informacji Kredytowej S.A.

--- Page 159 ---
152 
 
Marcin Eckert 
Marcin Eckert graduated from Harvard Business School, where he completed the Advanced 
Management Programme.  He took part in the Leadership Academy for Poland programme and studied 
at the Faculty of Law and Administration at the Nicolaus Copernicus University in Toruń. 
He gained his corporate experience while working at PZU S.A. where he held position of a corporate 
director.  He worked as a member of management boards of PZU S.A. and PZU Życie S.A.  Between 
2018 and 2020 he was a member and a deputy chairperson of the supervisory board at Alior Bank S.A. 
and a chairperson of the supervisory board at PZU Zdrowie S.A.  Between 2020 and 2021 he held 
a position of a deputy chairperson of the supervisory board for Bank Pekao S.A. and was a chairperson 
of the supervisory board at Totalizator Sportowy sp. z o.o.  Marcin Eckert has years of experience as 
a legal counsel, which he gained while working as a senior associate in Bird & Bird Szepietowski 
i Wspólnicy. 
Wojciech Iwanicki 
Wojciech Iwanicki graduated from the Faculty of Philosophy and Sociology of the Marie 
Curie-Skłodowska University in Lublin and was awarded the title of the Executive Master of Business 
Administration. 
He has more than ten years of professional experience in managing administration, logistics, 
infrastructure, human resources, and IT.  Since 2017 he has been associated with the PZU Group where 
he as a director of the administration office at PZU S.A., PZU Życie S.A., PZU Centrum Operacji S.A. 
and TUW PZUW.  He worked as a director in the Public Procurement Office and as a director of 
the office of the President of General Counsel to the Republic of Poland.  From 2006 to 2010 he was 
a deputy director in the Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland.  Since 2019 he has been 
a deputy chairperson of the supervisory board at Sigma BIS S.A. 
Artur Kurcweil 
Artur Kurcweil graduated from the Warsaw School of Economics, majoring in cybersecurity 
management, and from the West Pomeranian Business School in Szczecin where he obtained 
a bachelor's degree in computer science and econometrics and a master's degree in economics. 
He has over 20 years of managerial experience in an IT area, which he gained while working at PZU 
Group as an IT managing director responsible for digitization and was the supervising director of 
the innovation laboratory, which was involved in dealing with international startups, testing and 
implementing the innovations within PZU Group.  He worked for IBM and Siemens Group at Siemens 
head office in Munich. 
Maciej Brzozowski 
Maciej Brzozowski graduated from the Faculty of Management at the University of Warsaw and holds 
a title of Master of Business Administration Management Training Center. 
He has been working in the banking sector since the beginning of his professional career.  He worked 
at the Bank and later was associated with Kredyt Bank S.A.  He was a member of management board 
at Alior Bank S.A.  From 2008 to 2012 he held managerial positions in the risk assessment department 
and the inspection department in the KNF.

--- Page 160 ---
153 
 
Andrzej Kopyrski 
Andrzej Kopyrski graduated from the Warsaw Institute of Technology and University of Strathclyde in 
Glasgow. 
He started his banking career in Bank Pekao S.A. in 1992.  In the years 1993-1996 he worked in 
corporate banking in ING Bank Polska S.A. and later he headed structured finance operations in 
Deutsche Bank Polska S.A. and since 1997 until 2001 he was a director in ABN Amro Bank (Polska) 
in charge of structured finance and capital markets. 
From 2001 to 2002 he held a position of Member of the Management Board in HSBC Financial Services 
(Poland).  Since April 2002 he worked in Bank BPH S.A. as Managing Director responsible for Sales, 
Structured Finance and Capital Markets Area and after the merger of Bank BPH S.A. with Bank Pekao 
S.A. he took the responsibility for Investment Banking and Structured Finance Department. 
In the years 2008-2018 he was the Vice President of the Management Board of Bank Pekao S.A. 
managing the corporate and investment banking operations.  Then he worked at the Polish Development 
Fund, where he was responsible for the Investment Division, supervising capital investments and the 
support program for large companies.   
The business address of all Management Board members is ul. Puławska 15, 02-515 Warsaw, Poland.  
No Management Board member has any actual or potential conflict of interest between his/her duties 
to the Bank and his/her private interests and other duties. 
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board exercises regular supervision over the Group's operations. 
The Supervisory Board consists of at least five members elected by the General Meeting for a joint term 
of office of three years.  The State Treasury appoints the Chairperson of the Supervisory Board and 
the Deputy Chairperson of the Management Board from the members appointed by the General 
Meeting.  The Management Board must notify the KNF of the composition of the Supervisory Board. 
The Supervisory Board holds its meetings at least once each calendar quarter.  Passing a Supervisory 
Board resolution requires a majority of votes and, if there is an even number of votes, the Chairperson 
has the casting vote. 
The Supervisory Board may appoint committees.  The members of the committees carry out particular 
supervisory activities.  The exact scope of responsibilities of a committee is set out in the resolution of 
the Supervisory Board appointing the committee. 
The table below sets out information on the members of the Supervisory Board. 
 
Name 
Position 
Maciej Łopiński 
Chairperson of the Supervisory Board 
Wojciech Jasiński 
Deputy Chairperson of the Supervisory Board 
Dominik Kaczmarski 
Secretary of the Supervisory Board 
Mariusz Andrzejewski 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Robert Pietryszyn 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Andrzej Kisielewicz 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Rafał Kos 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Krzysztof Michalski 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Agnieszka Winnik-Kalemba 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Tomasz Kuczur 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Bogdan Szafrański 
Member of the Supervisory Board

--- Page 161 ---
154 
 
Maciej Łopiński 
Maciej Łopiński graduated from the University of Gdańsk.  He has many years of experience in 
corporate law and corporate governance area, which he gained as a member of supervisory bodies of 
various companies, including PZU S.A., KGHM Polska Miedź S.A., PZU Asset Management S.A., 
Telewizja Polska S.A.  He was a member of the Polish parliament and a secretary of state at 
the Chancellery for two Presidents of Poland, Lech Kaczyński and Andrzej Duda. 
Maciej Łopiński is an independent member of the Supervisory Board. 
Wojciech Jasiński 
Wojciech Jasiński graduated from the Faculty of Law and Administration of the University of Warsaw.   
He gained his professional experience while he was a member of the supervisory board of Bank 
Ochrony Środowiska S.A. and he was undersecretary of state at the Ministry of Justice and while he 
was Minister of the State Treasury.  He worked in the State Audit Office as a director of the Warsaw 
branch, finance and budget team, and state budget department.  In 1997 – 2000 he was a member and 
then President of the Management Board of Srebrna.  Since 2001 he has been a member of Polish 
parliament.  
He was a president of a management board of PKN ORLEN S.A. and since 5 March 2020 he acts as 
a chairperson of the supervisory board.  He also held a plenipotentiary position of the management 
board of Energa S.A. where he supervised development of investments and energy markets area. 
Dominik Kaczmarski 
Dominik Kaczmarski graduated from the Faculty of Law and Administration of the University of 
Warsaw with a master degree in law.  He is a qualified tax advisor and has an MBA in Finance and 
Technology, which he obtained from the School of Business at the Warsaw University of Technology.  
Dominik Kaczmarski passed the first level of the CFA programme.  
He gained his professional experience while working for two advisory firms, PwC and Deloitte, as an 
expert in taxation of the financial sector.  He worked as a secretary of the Anti-Tax Avoidance Council, 
member of the State Examination Board for Tax Advisors, member of the General Tax Law 
Codification Commission, and member of the team of corporate law experts working as part of 
the Commission for Corporate Governance Reform.  In 2020 - 2021 Dominik Kaczmarski was 
a member of the supervisory board of PKN Orlen S.A.  Since 2020 he has been a member of 
the supervisory board of the WSE.  He is a director of the analyses and reporting department at 
the Ministry of State Assets. 
Mariusz Andrzejewski 
Mariusz Andrzejwski graduated from three faculties.  He studied accounting at the Faculty of 
Management at the Kraków University of Economics, automatics and robotics, specializing in artificial 
intelligence, and computer science at the Faculty of Electrical Engineering and automatics and 
electronics at the AGH University of Science and Technology in Kraków.   
He obtained business experience while being a member of supervisory boards at many companies 
including Zakłady Chemiczne Alwernia S.A., Kombinat Koksochemiczny Zabrze S.A., Północ 
Nieruchomości S.A., PolRest S.A., Media Nieruchomości S.A. and AWSA Holland II BV.  He was 
a president of the management board at Altair sp. z o.o., a member of the management board of TBS 
Złocień sp. z o.o. and an advisor to the management board at the Institute of Business Law and Foreign 
Investments IPSiZ sp. z o.o.  Currently he is a chairperson of the supervisory board at PKP Polskie

--- Page 162 ---
155 
 
Linie Kolejowe S.A., INSTAL Kraków S.A. and a deputy chairperson of the supervisory board at 
Tauron Sprzedaż sp. z o. o.  He is a registered auditor.  
Robert Pietryszyn 
He graduated in law from the University of Wrocław and MBA from the Wrocław University of 
Economics. 
Experienced manager, entrepreneur. He started his career in the investment boutique Profes.  In 
the years 2006-2008 he was cooperating with the KGHM Group, then until 2011 he conducted 
consulting activities.  Since 2011, he has been responsible for the largest investment in the post-war 
history of Wrocław. 
In his professional career, he was a member of the Management Board of PZU S.A., PZU Życie S.A. 
and the President of Lotos Group. 
Lecturer in strategic management, member of many Supervisory Boards. 
Andrzej Kisielewicz 
Andrzej Kisielewicz graduated from the University of Wrocław.  He obtained his doctoral degree and 
was awarded a PhD in mathematics from the Polish Academy of Sciences.  He works at the Wrocław 
University of Technology as a professor of mathematics.  
He gained his professional experience in various academic centres, including the Vanderbilt University 
in Nashville, USA, the Polish Academy of Sciences, the Technische University in Darmstadt, Germany, 
the University of Manitoba in Winnipeg, Canada, the Blaise Pascal University in Clermont-Ferrand, 
France.  He gained experience as a member of supervisory boards and is the chair of a supervisory board 
of KGHM Polska Miedź S.A. 
Andrzej Kisielewicz is an independent member of the Supervisory Board 
Rafał Kos  
Rafał Kos gained his PhD in law from the Jagiellonian University, studied International Business Law 
at UC Davies in California and completed postgraduate studies in American Business Law at CUA 
Columbus School of Law in Washington, DC.  He is an attorney-at-law and a partner in the law firm 
Kubas Kos Gałkowski 
He is a vice-president of the Court of Arbitration at the Lewiatan Confederation in Warsaw and 
a permanent arbitrator and conciliator of the Court of Arbitration at the General Counsel to the Republic 
of Poland.  He is also a member of the Commission for Arbitration of the Supreme Bar Council and the 
Board of Visitors CUA Law.  He acted as an expert for many parliamentary committees over the years, 
such as a parliamentary committee on justice and human rights and as member of the team for 
amendments to the bankruptcy and reorganization law of the Minister of Justice.  Currently he is a 
member of the commission for corporate governance reform and a member of expert teams of 
the Minister of State Assets on increasing the effectiveness of supervisory boards and on corporate law. 
Rafał Kos is an independent member of the Supervisory Board 
Krzysztof Michalski 
Krzysztof Michalski graduated from the Law and Administration and Political Science faculties at 
the Marie Curie-Skłodowska University in Lublin and from the Faculty of Economic Sciences at

--- Page 163 ---
156 
 
the University of Warsaw.  He obtained an MBA in Innovation and Data Analysis from the Institute of 
Computer Science at the Polish Academy of Sciences and at the Woodbury School of Business at Utah 
Valley University.  
Krzysztof Michalski began his professional career in 2009 at an international trade company operating 
globally.  Since 2017 he has been a leader of the investor relations team at the Ministry of Development.  
He was responsible for various operations in the area of private investment, cooperation with Polish 
and foreign investors and financial institutions and supporting the execution of large investment 
projects.  He leads the expert team at the Chancellery of the Prime Minister where he is responsible for 
analyses and advice on tax, business and financial issues. 
Agnieszka Winnik-Kalemba 
Agnieszka Winnik-Kalemba graduated from the Faculty of Law and Administration of the University 
of Wrocław.  In the years 1995-1997, she participated in the post-graduate scholarship programme at 
Gergeotown University in Washington D.C. and the University of Kentucky the James W. Martin 
School of Public Policy and Administration.  In the years 1999-2003, she trained to become  
an attorney-at-law. 
In 2003 she started her law firm, Kancelaria Adwokacka Adw. Agnieszka Winnik-Kalemba.  She 
gained experience while working for the executive office of the "Solidarity" Trade Union in the Lower 
Silesia Region and at the law offices of Bowles, Keating, Matuszewich&Fiordalisi, at the Chamber of 
Regions of the Council of Europe office and at the legal office of the Lower Silesian Marshal Office in 
Wrocław.  She is a member of a supervisory board of KGHM Polska Miedź S.A. 
Agnieszka Winnik-Kalemba is an independent member of the Supervisory Board. 
Tomasz Kuczur 
Tomasz Kuczur graduated from the Faculty of Law and Administration of the University of Warmia 
and Mazury and the Bydgoszcz Academy and obtained a PhD in law from the Faculty of Law and 
Administration of the University of Warmia and Mazury.  He obtained a full doctorate in social science 
at the University of Wrocław.  He works as a professor at the department of humanities of the Kazimierz 
Wielki University in Bydgoszcz.  He is a member of the local government board of appeals in 
Bydgoszcz and a member of the scientific council of the "Przegląd Sejmowy" magazine.  He was 
appointed by the Minister of Science and Higher Education as a member of the interdisciplinary team 
for projects submitted for the programme "Support for Scientific Magazines".  
Tomasz Kuczur is an independent member of the Supervisory Board. 
Bogdan Szafrański 
Bogdan Szafrański graduated from the University of California Irvine, where he obtained an MBA in 
finance from the Merage School of Business.  He studied at the Faculty of Management of 
the University of Warsaw and the Faculty of Foreign Trade of the Warsaw School of Economics and 
took a PhD course in economics at the University of California Los Angeles. 
He worked in California, USA, for many high tech companies, such as Digital Corporation, Advanced 
Photonics, Inc. and Xsirius Superconductivity, Inc.  He was a member and then the chairperson of 
the supervisory board for Polam Credit Union in Los Angeles.  He gained his experience while holding 
positions of a president, a vice-president and a board member in many companies, such as ZEM Celma 
S.A. Group and PKP Cargo S.A.  In 1994 he passed the exam for candidates for supervisory board 
members, and since then he has been a member of a number of supervisory boards, including 
the supervisory boards of companies with the participation of the State Treasury.

--- Page 164 ---
157 
 
Bogdan Szafrański is an independent member of the Supervisory Board 
The business address of all of the Supervisory Board members is ul. Puławska 15, 02-515 Warsaw, 
Poland.  No Supervisory Board member has any actual or potential conflict of interest between his/her 
duties to the Bank and his/her private interests and other duties. 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had 25,657 employees (full time equivalent).  In addition to salaries, 
the Group's employees are entitled to a range of benefits, including life, health and medical insurance, 
and bonuses relating to the achievement of individual objectives.

--- Page 165 ---
158 
 
MARKET AND LEGAL ENVIRONMENT 
Market 
The information presented in this section has been extracted from publicly available sources and 
documents.  The source of external information is always given if such information is used in this 
section.  While reviewing, searching for and processing macroeconomic, market, industry or other data 
from external sources such as the KNF or government publications, none of it has been independently 
verified by the Group or the Arranger or any of their affiliates or the Group's advisers in connection 
with the Programme. 
The Bank does not intend to and does not warrant to update the data concerning the market or 
the industry as presented in this section, subject to the duties resulting from generally binding 
regulations. 
The Polish Economy  
In 2021 the Polish was recovering from the downturn in 2020 caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.  
Polish GDP grew by 5.7 per cent.  The inflation rate grew substantially and reached 8.6 per cent. as at 
31 December 2021.  This led the MPC to increase the reference rate from the record-low 0.1 per cent. 
in 2021 to 6.75 per cent. at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The demand for loans also recovered in 2021 and increased by 4.5 per cent. compared to 2020.  
The deposits growth rate in 2020 was 8.8 per cent. 
In 2021, yields on short- and long-term bonds issued by the Polish state increased due to accelerating 
inflation and solid economic growth. 
In the first quarter of 2022 strong growth trends in the Polish economy continued.  According to 
Statistics Poland GDP growth was 8.5 per cent. year on year.  Industrial production and construction, 
as well as exports and retail sales grew strongly.  The strong growth in business activity was 
accompanied by further improvement on the labour market – employment in the enterprise sector 
exceeded the level from before the pandemic, wages increased by 10 per cent. year on year and 
registered unemployment fell to 5.5 per cent.  The outbreak of the war in Ukraine led to a sudden 
deterioration in the business climate assessments among entrepreneurs and households.  Supply chain 
constraints, increased prices of raw materials and weakened PLN led to a rapid growth of inflation to 
17.4 per cent. year-on-year as at 30 November 2022. 
Development of the Polish Banking Sector 
Between 1989 and 1991, a two-tiered banking sector was established, separating the central bank from 
the rest of the banking sector.  Nine regional commercial banks were created out of the NBP's 
commercial and retail banking operations.  The NBP branch network and the respective commercial 
loan portfolios of those branches were divided among the newly-established banks to give each new 
bank a regional base.  All of these regional banks were transformed into joint stock companies in 
October 1991 and were subsequently privatised between 1993 and 2001.  Since 1991, Polish banking 
law has allowed the licensing of new private banks in Poland and opened the Polish banking market to 
foreign investors.  As a result, there has been a rapid expansion in the number of banks owing to foreign 
banking groups entering the market. 
According to the KNF, as at 31 December 2021, there were 29 commercial banks in Poland, 36 branches 
of credit institutions and 529 relatively small co-operative banks.

--- Page 166 ---
159 
 
The level of competition in the Polish banking sector is relatively high due to its low level of 
concentration.  According to KNF data as at 31 December 2020, the share of top five banks in total 
banking assets stood at 54.6 per cent. (compared with 50.1 per cent. as at the end of December 2019). 
Among the other factors having an impact on competition is the consolidation of the Polish banking 
sector.  For example, in 2013, there was the merger of Santander Bank Polska S.A. and Kredyt Bank 
S.A., the acquisition of Dexia Kommunalkredit Bank Polska S.A. by Getin Noble Bank S.A., and 
the acquisition of the retail operations of DnB Nord Polska S.A. by Getin Noble Bank S.A.; in 2014, 
the merger of Nordea Bank Polska S.A. with the Bank, the takeover of control of Santander Consumer 
Bank S.A. by Santander Bank Polska S.A.; and, in 2015, the merger of Bank BGŻ S.A. with BNP 
Paribas S.A. and the acquisition of Meritum Bank ICB S.A. by Alior Bank S.A.; in 2016, the merger of 
Bank BGŻ BNP Paribas S.A. with Sygma Bank Polska S.A. and the merger of Alior Bank S.A. with 
the core business of BPH.  In December 2017, Deutsche Bank sold its Polish retail operations to 
Santander Bank Polska S.A.  On 10 April 2018, Raiffeisen Bank International AG agreed to sell the core 
banking operations of Raiffeisen Bank Polska S.A. by way of demerger to Bank BGŻ BNP Paribas S.A.  
In 2019, Bank Millennium S.A. acquired Euro Bank S.A.  In April 2021 Citi announced its intention to 
sell its retail banking operations in Poland. 
The Polish banking sector is expected to continue to experience consolidation in the medium term.  
A number of smaller market players generate relatively low revenues, which will be subject to rising 
pressure.  This may force further consolidation if profitability is eroded.  Given the pressure on the 
revenue side (low interest rates, regulatory measures) and additional burdens (Polish banking tax, higher 
capital requirements), some banks will strive to increase their scale of operations to achieve 
a satisfactory return on equity. 
As a result of changes in the shareholding structure of Polish commercial banks, in particular the 
takeover of Bank Pekao S.A. by PZU S.A. and PFR S.A., in 2017 the share of foreign ownership in 
banking assets in the country declined markedly.  According to the KNF, as at 31 December 2021 44.0 
per cent. of the total assets of the Polish banking sector belonged to foreign-owned banking groups. 
Alternative distribution channels, in particular internet banking and mobile banking, have been 
increasing in importance in Poland.  Moreover, new products, such as markets for financial advisory 
services, wealth management, insurance products and various investment funds in Poland, have seen 
significant growth and are likely to be a significant driver for profitability in the future. 
Legal environment 
Specific Requirement for the Banks 
Engaging in banking activities involves meeting multiple regulatory obligations, most of which follow 
directly from the provisions of the Banking Law, and from resolutions, ordinances and 
recommendations made by the KNF.  The most important obligations concern the Bank's own funds, 
the capital adequacy ratio, the solvency ratio, exposure concentration, risk management systems and 
financial management conducted by the Bank. 
Banks have a duty to protect banking secrecy.  Regulations on personal data protection are particularly 
important for the functioning of banks in order to protect individual customers.  Personal data may be 
processed exclusively in compliance with detailed regulations, using technical and organisational 
resources which ensure the protection of personal data against unauthorised processing, including 
the making of it available to third parties. 
The Bank must also comply with regulations for preventing the financial system from being used for 
the purpose of money laundering and terrorist financing.

--- Page 167 ---
160 
 
Certain restrictions also apply if banks retain any third parties for the performance of banking activities 
for and on behalf of the bank, or for the performance of any banking-related operations. 
Banking Supervision Exercised by the KNF 
In Poland, banking supervision is currently exercised by the KNF and covers in particular: 
 
assessing the financial position of banks, including analysing liquidity, the quality of assets, 
solvency and the financial results of banks; 
 
estimating, maintaining and reviewing internal capital; 
 
auditing the quality of risk management systems, and in particular of the risk management 
system and internal control system; 
 
auditing the compliance of banks' activities with the appropriate regulations; and 
 
monitoring and controlling banks' compliance with exposure concentration limits and standards 
for risk acceptable in their operations as determined by the KNF. 
The KNF has wide powers and legal instruments which enable it to supervise banks (including 
the ability to carry out inspections). 
Other Supervisory Authorities 
Some areas of banking operations are subject to the supervision of other public administration 
authorities, the most important of which are: 
 
the OCCP, regarding protecting market competition and consumers' collective rights; 
 
the Head of the Data Protection Office, regarding collecting, processing, managing and 
protecting personal data; and 
 
the minister responsible for financial institutions and the General Inspector for Financial 
Information regarding the prevention of money laundering and the financing of terrorism. 
Bank Guarantee Fund 
The BGF covers the monetary assets deposited in bank accounts or receivables regarding claims 
confirmed by documents issued by banks with a guarantee system.  Participation in the guarantee system 
is mandatory for all Polish banks and in certain instances for branches of foreign banks operating in 
Poland.  Banks covered by the guarantee system make mandatory annual payments to the BGF and are 
obliged to set up a guaranteed funds protection fund.  The mandatory guarantee system ensures that if 
a bank becomes insolvent, the funds deposited in bank accounts, up to an amount specified in 
the regulations, are returned.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, funds up to an amount equivalent 
to EUR 100,000 per single person regarding deposits in all accounts in a given bank are fully covered 
by the guarantee system.  Funds deposited, in particular, by government administration authorities, 
other banks, credit institutions, insurance companies and investment and pension funds are not covered 
by the guarantee system. 
Additionally, the BGF is the Polish resolution authority.  Under the BRRD and the Act on the Bank 
Guarantee Fund, the BGF is authorised to commence resolution proceedings with respect to banks 
operating in Poland.  The BGF has at its disposal a wide range of legal instruments during resolution

--- Page 168 ---
161 
 
proceedings, including the power to write down debt instruments issued by a bank or to convert them 
into shares of the bank. 
Institutional Protection Scheme for Commercial Banks 
On 10 June 2022, the KNF approved the agreement and recognised the institutional protection scheme 
created in accordance with Article 130c of the Banking Law by eight Polish commercial banks 
(the Bank, Alior Bank S.A., BNP Paribas Bank Polska S.A., ING Bank Śląski S.A., mBank S.A., Bank 
Millennium S.A., Bank Polska Kasa Opieki S.A. and Santander Bank Polska S.A.).  The above-
mentioned banks signed the protection scheme agreement and established the managing entity operating 
in the form of a joint stock company, System Ochrony Banków Komercyjnych S.A. (SOBK).  The 
protection scheme can be joined by other local banks provided they satisfy the terms and conditions set 
out in general law and in the protection scheme agreement.  As part of the system, an aid fund has been 
established to which the participating banks provided cash contributions.  Further contributions to the 
aid fund will require a unanimous resolution of the general meeting of shareholders of the SOBK.  The 
aid fund may be used to ensure liquidity and solvency the participants of the scheme, support resolution 
of a bank conducted by the BGF and the takeover of a bank being a joint-stock company pursuant to 
Art. 146b paragraph 1 of the Banking Law. 
Consumer Protection 
The Consumer Credit Act dated 12 May 2011 (as amended), the Civil Code regulations and other 
consumer protection laws impose on banks several obligations relating to agreements signed with 
natural persons who perform actions which are not directly related to their business or professional 
activities (consumers).  The most important of these are the requirements to inform consumers about 
the cost of extended credit and loans and to include specified terms in consumer loan agreements as 
well as a prohibition on including specific clauses which are unfavourable to consumers in agreements.  
If a customer loan agreement does not meet certain requirements of the Consumer Credit Act, 
the borrower is authorised under the law to repay the loan in the principal amount with interest accrued 
until the prepayment date.  In some circumstances, the borrower may be authorised to repay only 
the principal amount, without interest, fees or any other amounts due to the bank under the loan 
agreement. 
There is a cap on the maximum interest rates which a bank may charge under a loan agreement.  
The maximum interest rate is capped at two times the sum of the applicable reference rate of the NBP 
and 3.5 per cent. 
Personal Data Protection 
In light of the large number of individuals serviced by banks, all the regulations concerning personal 
data protection are of particular importance to banking operations.  Personal data may be processed 
exclusively in compliance with specific regulations, while applying technical and organisational means 
that ensure the protection of personal data, particularly from disclosure to any unauthorised parties.  
Additionally, the persons to whom such data relates should have the right to access all of their personal 
data and to correct it. 
The GDPR entered into force on 25 May 2018.  It imposes new obligations and guidelines on companies 
in the management and processing of personal data.  This means a significant change for companies in 
their approach to the security of data storage and the issue of making it available to the relevant 
employees.

--- Page 169 ---
162 
 
The key consequences resulting from the GDPR's implementation are as follows: 
 
the definition of personal data, including identifying the person to whom the data relates, will 
be much broader; 
 
automated processing of personal data will be permitted under certain conditions; 
 
the legal rights of individuals will be increased considerably; 
 
personal data processors, controllers and data protection officers will have many new 
obligations relating to the technical and organisational protection of personal data; and 
 
administrative fines for non-compliance with the Regulation could reach EUR 20 million or 
4 per cent. of an organisation's annual worldwide turnover.   
Moreover, individuals will have the right to judicial redress and to claim compensation in excess of 
the statutory fines.

--- Page 170 ---
163 
 
TAXATION 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in 
the Issuer's country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives 
from the Notes. 
FATCA DISCLOSURE 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
a foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain 
payments it makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting or related requirements.  The issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A 
number of jurisdictions (including Poland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, 
a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are 
uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior 
to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments 
are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior 
to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments 
are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially 
modified after such date.  However, if additional Notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions—
Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration 
of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents 
may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as 
subject to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how 
these rules may apply to their investment in Notes.  In the event any withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay 
additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) 
for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States).  However, Estonia has since 
stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  The issuance and 
subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States.  Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State.  A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person

--- Page 171 ---
164 
 
established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to 
the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States.  
It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  
Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
POLAND 
General information 
The following is a discussion of certain Polish tax considerations relevant to an investor resident in 
Poland or which is otherwise subject to Polish taxation.  This statement should not be deemed to be tax 
advice.  It is based on Polish tax laws and, as its interpretation refers to the position as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, it may thus be subject to change, including a change with retroactive effect. Any 
change may negatively affect the tax treatment, as described below.  This description does not purport 
to be complete with respect to all tax information that may be relevant to investors due to their 
individual circumstances.  Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their professional 
tax adviser regarding the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposal, redemption or 
transfer without consideration of Notes. 
The reference to "interest" as well as to any other terms in the paragraphs below means "interest" or 
any other term as understood in Polish tax law.  
For the purpose of this Section: 
Affiliated Entities means: 
(i) 
entities of which one entity Exercises a Significant Influence on at least one other 
entity; or 
(ii) 
entities on which a Significant Influence is Exercised by:  
(A) 
the same other entity; or  
(B) 
the spouse or a relative by consanguinity or affinity up to the second degree of 
a natural person exercising a significant influence on at least one entity; or 
(iii) 
a partnership without legal personality and its partners (partner); or 
(iv) 
limited partnerships and limited joint-stock partnership with their registered office or 
management in the territory of the Republic of Poland and its general partner; or 
(v) 
specific general partnerships with their registered office or management in the territory 
of the Republic of Poland and its partner; or 
(vi) 
a taxable person and their foreign establishment, and in the case of a tax capital group 
- a company being its part and its foreign establishment. 
(each of being a manifestation of an existence of an Affiliation)

--- Page 172 ---
165 
 
Exercising a Significant Influence means: 
(i) 
holding directly or indirectly at least 25 per cent. of: 
(A) 
shares in the capital; or 
(B) 
voting rights in the supervisory, decision-making or managing bodies; or 
(C) 
shares in or rights to participate in the profits, losses or the property or their 
expectative, including participation units and investment certificates; or 
(ii) 
the actual ability of a natural person to influence key economic decisions taken by 
a legal person or an organisational unit without legal personality, or 
(iii) 
being the spouse or a relative by consanguinity or by affinity up to the second degree. 
Taxation of a Polish tax resident individual 
Under Art. 3.1 of the PIT Act, natural persons, if residing in the Republic of Poland, are liable for tax 
on their total income (revenue) irrespective of the location of the sources of revenue (unlimited 
obligation to pay tax). 
Under Art. 3.1a of the PIT Act, a Polish tax resident individual is a natural person who (i) has his/her 
centre of personal or business interests located in Poland or (ii) stays in Poland for longer than 183 days 
in a year, unless any relevant tax treaty dictates otherwise. 
(a) 
Withholding Tax on Interest Income 
According to Article 30a.7 of the PIT Act, interest income, including discount, derived by 
a Polish tax resident individual does not cumulate with general income subject to 
the progressive tax rate but under Art.30a.1.2 of the PIT Act it is subject to 19 per cent.  
flat-rate tax. 
Under Article 30a.9 of the PIT Act, withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including 
countries which have not concluded a tax treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax 
paid abroad, but not higher than 19 per cent. tax on the interest amount, could be deducted from 
the Polish tax liability. Particular double tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding 
tax settlements. 
Under Article 41.4 of the PIT Act, the interest payer, other than an individual not acting within 
the scope of his/her business activity, should withhold the Polish 19 per cent. tax upon any 
interest payment. 
Under Article. 41.4d of the PIT Act, the entities operating securities accounts for 
the individuals, acting as tax remitters, should withhold this interest income if such interest 
income (revenue) has been earned in the territory of Poland and is connected with securities 
registered in the said accounts, and the interest payment to the individual (the taxpayer) is made 
through said entities; this principle also applies to remitters who are payers of corporate income 
tax and are subject to limited tax liability in Poland, to the extent they conduct their business 
through a foreign establishment and it is to that establishment's operations that the securities 
account is linked. 
There are no regulations defining in which cases income earned (revenue) by a Polish tax 
resident should be considered income (revenue) earned in Poland.  However, it cannot be

--- Page 173 ---
166 
 
excluded that in practice the tax authorities will apply the regulations concerning non-residents. 
Pursuant to Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act, income (revenues) earned in the Republic of Poland by 
non-residents shall include in particular income (revenues) from: 
(i) 
work performed in the Republic of Poland based on a service relationship, employment 
relationship, outwork system and co-operative employment relationship irrespective of 
the place where remuneration is paid; 
(ii) 
activity performed in person in the Republic of Poland irrespective of the place where 
remuneration is paid; 
(iii) 
economic activity pursued in the Republic of Poland, including through a foreign 
establishment located in the Republic of Poland; 
(iv) 
immovable property located in the Republic of Poland or rights to such property, 
including from its disposal in whole or in part, or from disposal of any rights to such 
property; 
(v) 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in the 
Republic of Poland as part of the regulated stock exchange market, including those 
obtained from the disposal of these securities or derivatives, or the exercise of rights 
resulting from them; 
(vi) 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in a 
partnership without legal personality, or participation in an investment fund, a 
collective investment undertaking or other legal entity and rights of similar character 
or from receivables being a consequence of holding those shares, rights and obligations, 
participation or rights – if at least 50 per cent. of the value of assets of this company, 
partnership, investment fund, collective investment undertaking or legal entity is 
constituted, directly or indirectly, by immovable properties located in the Republic of 
Poland, or rights to such immovable properties; 
(vii) 
the transfer of ownership of shares, all rights and obligations, participation or similar 
rights in a real estate company (as defined in the PIT Act);  
(viii) 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, by 
natural persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having 
their place of residence, registered office, or management board in the Republic of 
Poland, irrespective of the place of concluding and performing the agreement; and 
(ix) 
unrealised gains as referred to in the exit tax regulations. 
The above list is not exhaustive; therefore, the tax authorities may also consider that income 
(revenues) not listed above is sourced in Poland. 
Given the above, each situation should be analysed to determine whether interest earned by a 
Polish tax resident individual from the Notes is considered to be income sourced in Poland and 
whether the entity operating the securities account for the individual will withhold the tax.  
Since the Issuer is a Polish entity as a rule interest from Notes should be considered as earned 
in the territory of Poland. 
Under Art. 45.3b of the PIT Act, if the tax is not withheld, the individual is obliged to settle the 
tax himself/herself, and the tax should be settled by 30 April of the following year.

--- Page 174 ---
167 
 
Separate, specific rules apply to interest income on securities held on Polish omnibus accounts 
(within the meaning of the provision of the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, hereinafter 
Omnibus Accounts).  Under Article 41.10 of the PIT Act, insofar as securities registered in 
Omnibus Accounts are concerned, the entities operating Omnibus Accounts through which the 
amounts due are paid are liable to withhold the flat-rate income tax on interest income.  The tax 
is charged on the day of placing the amounts due at the disposal of the Omnibus Account holder.  
This rule also applies to remitters who are payers of corporate income tax and are subject to 
limited tax liability in Poland, to the extent they conduct their business through a foreign 
establishment and it is to that establishment's operations that the securities account is linked. 
Pursuant to Article 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest 
transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts 
whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading 
in Financial Instruments, a 19 per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter (under 
Article. 41.10 of the PIT Act the entity operating the Omnibus Account) from the aggregate 
income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account 
holder. 
Under Art. 45.3c of the PIT Act, taxpayers are obliged to disclose the amount of interest 
(discount) on securities (including the Notes referred to herein) in the annual tax return if the 
Notes were registered in Omnibus Account and the taxpayer's identity was not revealed to the 
tax remitter.  
Under Art. 30a.9 of the PIT Act, withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries 
which have not concluded a tax treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid 
abroad, but not higher than 19 per cent. tax on the interest amount, could be deducted from the 
Polish tax liability. Double tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax 
settlements. 
(b) 
Other income 
Income other than interest derived by a Polish tax resident individual from financial 
instruments, such as the Notes, held as non-business assets, qualify as capital gains according 
to Article 17 of the PIT Act.  Such income does not cumulate with the general income subject 
to the progressive tax scale but, according to Art. 30b of the PIT Act is subject to a 19 per cent. 
flat-rate tax.  The costs of acquiring the financial instruments are recognised at the time the 
revenue is achieved.  If the price expressed in the contract without a valid reason significantly 
deviates from the market value, the amount of income is determined by the tax authority or 
fiscal control authority in the amount of the market value. 
In principle, this income should be settled by the taxpayer by 30 April of the year following 
the year in which the income was earned.  No tax or tax advances are withheld by the person 
making the payments.  
Furthermore, capital gains are subject to 4 per cent. solidarity levy calculated on the surplus of 
various incomes above PLN 1 million in total.  The levy must be calculated and settled by the 
individuals themselves. 
(c) 
Notes held as business assets 
If an individual holds the Notes as a business asset, in principle, income, such as income from 
a transfer of Notes against a consideration, should be taxed in the same way as other business 
income.  The tax, at 19% flat rate or the 12% to 32% progressive tax rate depending on 
the choice and meeting of certain conditions, should be settled by the individual themselves.

--- Page 175 ---
168 
 
Furthermore, business income is subject to 4 per cent. solidarity levy calculated on the surplus 
of various incomes above PLN 1 million in total. The levy must be calculated and settled by 
the individuals themselves. 
Taxation of a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer  
Under Art. 3.1 of the CIT Act the entire income of taxpayers who have their registered office or 
management in Poland is subject to tax obligation in Poland, irrespective of where the income is earned. 
According to Art. 3.1a of the CIT Act, a taxpayer has a place of management in the territory of 
the Republic of Poland, inter alia, when the current affairs of this taxpayer are conducted in an organized 
and continuous manner on the territory of the Republic of Poland, based in particular on: 
(i) 
an agreement, decision, court ruling or other act regulating the establishment or 
functioning of the taxpayer; or 
(ii) 
powers of attorney; or 
(iii) 
Affliations. 
The appropriate tax rate for corporate income taxpayers is, as a rule, 19 per cent. 
A Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer is subject to income tax in respect of the securities 
(including any capital gains and on interest/discount) following the same principles as those which 
apply to any other income received from business activity within the same source of income, called 
capital profits (in Polish: zyski kapitałowe).  In the case of insurers, banks and some other entities 
(financial institutions), this revenue is included in revenues other than revenues from capital profits.  As 
a rule, for Polish income tax purposes interest is recognised as revenue on a cash basis, i.e. when it is 
received and not when it has accrued.  In respect of capital gains (i.e. disposal of the Notes for 
remuneration), the cost of acquiring the Notes will be recognised at the time the revenue is achieved.  
If the price expressed in the contract, without a valid reason, significantly deviates from the market 
value, the revenue amount is determined by the tax authority in the amount of the market value.  
The taxpayer itself (without the involvement of the tax remitter) settles tax on interest (discount) or 
capital gains on securities, which is aggregated with other income derived from business operations 
conducted by the taxpayer. 
Although no Polish withholding tax should apply on interest payable to Polish corporate income 
taxpayers, under specific rules applying to interest income on securities held in Omnibus Accounts, 
under Art. 26.2a of the CIT Act, for income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers holding 
rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to 
the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 20 per cent flat-rate 
tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all 
such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder.  If such tax is withheld for a Polish tax resident 
corporate income taxpayer, to receive a refund of such tax, the entity should contact its tax advisor. 
Any withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries which have not concluded any tax 
treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, but not higher than the tax calculated 
in accordance with the applicable domestic tax rate, can be deducted from the Polish tax liability.  
Double tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax settlements. 
Notes held by a non-Polish tax resident (natural person or corporation) 
Under Art. 3.2a of the PIT Act, natural persons, if they do not reside in Poland, are liable to pay tax 
only on income (revenue) earned in Poland (limited obligation to pay tax).

--- Page 176 ---
169 
 
Under Art. 3.2 of the CIT Act, in the case of taxpayers who do not have their registered office or 
management in Poland, only the income they earn in Poland is subject to tax obligation in Poland. 
Non-Polish tax resident individuals and corporate income taxpayers are subject to Polish income tax 
only with respect to their income earned in Poland. Under Art. 3.3 of the CIT Act, income (revenues) 
earned in the Republic of Poland by non-residents shall include in particular income (revenues) from: 
(a) 
all types of activity pursued in the Republic of Poland, including through a foreign 
establishment located in the Republic of Poland; 
(b) 
immovable property located in the Republic of Poland or rights to such property, including 
from its disposal in whole or in part, or from the disposal of any rights to such property; 
(c) 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in the Republic of 
Poland as part of the regulated stock exchange market, including those obtained from the 
disposal of these securities or derivatives, or the exercise of rights resulting from them; 
(d) 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in a partnership 
without legal personality, or participation in an investment fund, a collective investment 
undertaking or other legal entity and rights of similar character or from receivables being a 
consequence of holding those shares, rights and obligations, participation or rights - if at least 
50 per cent. of the value of assets of this company, partnership, investment fund, collective 
investment undertaking or legal entity is constituted, directly or indirectly, by immovable 
properties located in the Republic of Poland, or rights to such immovable properties; 
(e) 
the transfer of ownership of shares, all rights and obligations, participation or similar rights in 
a real estate company (as defined in the CIT Act);  
(f) 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, by natural 
persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having their place of 
residence, registered office, or management board in the Republic of Poland, irrespective of the 
place of concluding or performing the agreement; and 
(g) 
unrealised gains referred to in the exit tax regulations. 
Similar provisions are included in Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act.  
It should be noted that the list of incomes (revenues) gained in Poland, as provided in Art. 3.3. of the CIT 
Act and Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act is not exhaustive, therefore, other income (revenues) may also be 
considered as earned in Poland. 
Given the above, each situation should be analysed to determine whether interest earned by a non-Polish 
tax resident from the Notes is considered to be income sourced in Poland. However, since the issuer is 
a Polish entity, income from the Notes should be considered as earned in Poland and Polish withholding 
tax should apply, unless specific exemptions apply. 
If income from the Notes is considered as sourced in Poland, the following applies: 
(a) 
Special exemption for notes meeting special conditions 
Under Art. 17.1.50c of the CIT Act, tax-free income is income earned by a CIT taxpayer subject 
to limited tax liability in Poland in respect of interest or a discount on notes: 
(i) 
having a maturity of at least one year;

--- Page 177 ---
170 
 
(ii) 
admitted to trading on a regulated market or introduced into an alternative trading 
system within the meaning of the Act of 29 July 2005 on Trading in Financial 
Instruments, in the territory of Poland or in the territory of a state that is a party to a 
double tax convention concluded with Poland which regulates the taxation of income 
from dividends, interest and royalties; 
unless the taxpayer is an Affiliated Entity of the issuer of such notes, and holds, directly or 
indirectly, together with other Affiliated Entities, more than 10 per cent. of the nominal value 
of those notes. 
Under Art. 26.1aa-1ac of the CIT Act, remitters are not obliged to withhold tax on interest or 
discount in respect of the notes meeting the above requirements, provided that the issuer 
submits to the tax authority a declaration that it has acted with due diligence in informing 
Affiliated Entities about the exemption conditions applying to those Affiliated Entities. The 
declaration is made once in relation to a given issue of notes, not later than the date of the 
payment of interest or discount on the notes. 
Analogous provisions apply to personal income tax (Art. 21.1.130c and Art. 41.24-26 of 
the PIT Act). 
(b) 
Failure to meet the conditions for a special exemption 
In the absence of the exemption referred to above, the following rules apply. 
In the case of taxpayers subject to limited tax liability in Poland, the interest (discount) on 
the Notes earned in the Polish territory is taxed as a general rule at a flat rate of 20 per cent. in 
the case of corporate income tax payers (Art. 21.1.1 of the CIT Act) or 19 per cent. in the case 
of natural persons (Art. 30a.1.2 of the PIT Act).  Under Art. 26.1 of the CIT Act, interest payers, 
other than individuals not acting within the scope of their business activity, should withhold 
this tax and similar provisions are provided in Art. 41.4 of the PIT Act. 
Under Art. 26.2c.1 of the CIT Act, the entities operating securities accounts and Omnibus 
Accounts for taxpayers, acting as tax remitters, should withhold this interest income if such 
interest income (revenue) was earned in Poland and is connected with securities registered in 
said accounts, and the interest payment to the taxpayer is made through said entities.  Although 
it is considered that foreign entities do not act as Polish tax remitters, according to the discussed 
provision, this obligation applies to non-residents to the extent they operate a permanent 
establishment in Poland and the account, on which securities are registered, is linked to the 
activity of this permanent establishment.  Similar provisions concerning interest payments to 
individuals are provided in Art. 41.4d of the PIT Act. 
The described rules of taxation may be modified by the relevant provisions of double tax treaties 
concluded by Poland, based on which a reduced tax rate or income tax exemption may apply 
to income (revenue) obtained from interest/discount (Art. 21.2 of the CIT Act, Art. 30a.2 of the 
PIT Act).  To benefit from the tax rate or income tax exemption under the tax treaty, the 
taxpayer should present a valid certificate of its tax residence.  As a rule, the tax residence 
certificate is considered valid for twelve consecutive months from its date of issue (unless 
a specific date of its validity is included in its wording).  Tax remitters may require additional 
documentation in order to be able to apply double tax treaty benefits described above, such as 
the confirmation of the recepient's beneficial owner status towards the interest payments. 
Moreover, many tax treaties provide protection only for beneficial owners. Pursuant to Art. 
4a.29 of the CIT Act and, respectively, Art. 5a.33d of the PIT Act, beneficial owner means an 
entity meeting all of the following conditions:

--- Page 178 ---
171 
 
(i) 
it receives the amount due for its own benefit, which includes deciding independently 
about its purpose, and bears the economic risk associated with the loss of that receivable 
or part of it; 
(ii) 
it is not an intermediary, representative, trustee, or another entity legally or actually 
obliged to transfer the receivable in whole or in part to another entity; and 
(iii) 
it conducts actual business activity in the country of its registration, if the receivables 
are obtained in connection with the conducted business activity, whereas when 
assessing whether the entity conducts actual business activity, the nature and scale of 
such activity in the scope of received receivables are taken into account. 
Although the definition of the beneficial owner does not refer to and Art. 24a.18 of the CIT Act and 
Art. 30f. 20 of the PIT Act those are the only places in the income tax legislation where actual business 
activity is defined.  Therefore, it cannot be ruled out that factors listed there will be taken into account 
by the tax authorities in determining beneficial ownership status.  Those factors include: 
(i) 
the business activity carried out by the taxpayer is performed through an existing 
enterprise that actually performs activities constituting an economic activity; in 
particular, it possesses premises, qualified personnel and equipment used for 
performing business activity; 
(ii) 
the taxpayer does not create artificial arrangement without a connection with any 
business activity; 
(iii) 
the taxpayer's actual premises, its personnel or equipment correspond to the scope of 
its actual business activity; 
(iv) 
the agreements concluded by the taxpayer are realistic in economic terms, they have 
economic justification and they are not noticeably contrary to the general business 
interest of the taxpayer; 
(v) 
the taxpayer carries out its business functions independently, using its own resources, 
including managers who are present in the country of taxpayer's tax residency. 
The majority of double tax treaties concluded by Poland provide for an exemption from income tax on 
capital gains, including income from the sale of notes obtained in Poland by a tax resident of a given 
country. 
Separate, specific rules apply to interest income on securities held in Omnibus Accounts.  In cases 
where Polish withholding tax should not apply on interest payable to non-Polish tax residents (natural 
persons or corporate income taxpayers), under specific rules applicable to interest income on securities 
held in Omnibus Accounts there is a risk that such tax would be withheld.   
Under Art. 26.2a of the CIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers 
holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been 
revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 20 per 
cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate income (revenue) released for 
the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder.   
Under Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers 
holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been 
revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 19 per 
cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate income (revenue) released for

--- Page 179 ---
172 
 
the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder.  If such tax is withheld for 
non-Polish tax resident taxpayers, to receive a refund of such tax, the entity should contact its tax advisor 
regarding a refund of such tax. 
If a foreign recipient of income acts through a permanent establishment in Poland, as a matter of 
principle it should be treated in the same manner as a Polish tax resident, with some necessary additional 
requirements (eg the requirement to present the interest payer with a certificate of tax residence along 
with a declaration that the interest is related to the establishment's activities). 
(c) 
Pay & Refund regime 
In addition to the rules set out above, in the event of failure to meet the conditions for a special 
exemption, the following regime applies. 
(i) 
Corporate income tax 
Under Art. 26.2e of the CIT Act, if the total amount paid out between Affiliated Entities on 
account of the items listed in Art. 21.1.1 of the CIT Act (including interest on notes) and Art. 
22.1 of the CIT Act to the same taxpayer exceeds PLN 2,000,000 in the tax year of the payer, 
payers are, as a general rule, required to withhold, on the day of payment, a flat-rate income tax 
at the basic rate (20 per cent. in the case of interest/discount on notes) from the excess over that 
amount, without being able not to withhold that tax on the basis of an appropriate double tax 
treaty, and also without taking into account exemptions or rates resulting from special 
regulations or double tax treaties (hereinafter the Pay & Refund). 
Under Art. 26.2i and 26.2j of the CIT Act, if the payer's tax year is longer or shorter than 
12 months, the amount to which the Pay & Refund applies is calculated by multiplying 1/12 of 
PLN 2,000,000 and the number of months that have begun in the tax year in which the payment 
was made; if the calculation of that amount is not possible by reference to the payer's tax year, 
the Pay & Refund shall apply accordingly to the payer's current financial year and, in its 
absence, with respect to the payer's other period with features specific to the financial year, not 
longer however than 23 consecutive months. 
Based on Art. 26.2ca of the CIT Act, the entities making payments through securities accounts 
or Omnibus Accounts are obliged to provide the entities maintaining these accounts, at least 
7 days before the payment is made, with information about the existence of Affiliations 
between them and the taxpayer and about exceeding the amount of PLN 2,000,000.  Entities 
providing this information are required to update it before making the payment in the event of 
a change in the circumstances covered by the information. 
Under Art. 26.2k of the CIT Act, if the payment was made in a foreign currency, to determine 
whether the amount to which the Pay & Refund applies was exceeded, the amounts paid are 
converted into PLN at the average exchange rate published by the National Bank of Poland on 
the last business day preceding the payment day. 
Under Art. 26.2l of the CIT Act, if it is not possible to determine the amount paid to the same 
taxpayer, it is presumed that it exceeded the amount from which the Pay & Refund applies. 
Pursuant to the Regulation of the Minister of Finance dated 31 December 2018 regarding 
the exclusion or limited application of Art. 26.2e of the CIT Act (the Regulation), in respect of 
securities held on securities accounts or Omnibus Accounts, until 31 December 2022 
the application of the Pay & Refund regime is excluded to interest payable to taxpayers having 
their registered office or management outside the territory of the Republic of Poland.

--- Page 180 ---
173 
 
Furthermore, there are certain exemptions from the Pay & Refund regime that require the tax 
remitter or the taxpayer to undertake certain actions. 
(ii) 
Personal Income Tax 
Analogous provisions apply to personal income tax, including Art. 41.12 of the PIT Act which 
provides for an analogous Pay & Refund regime, while the Regulation of the Minister of 
Finance of 31 December 2018 regarding the exclusion or limited application of Art. 41.12 of 
the PIT Act is the equivalent of the Regulation. 
(d) 
Withholding taxation of certain payments made to tax havens 
Based on Art. 26.1m of the CIT Act, if a tax remitter makes a payment on account of certain 
capital profits (eg. revenues from financial instruments, including interest and capital gains) to 
a corporate entity resident for tax purposes in a tax haven, such tax remitter is obliged to 
withhold tax at 19% rate calculated from the amount being paid out. 
The list of the tax havens is included in the Regulation of the Minister of Finance from 
28 March 2019 on identifying the countries and territories applying harmful tax competition 
for corporate taxation purposes. 
(e) 
If withholding tax is in fact withheld but a relief under double tax treaties or special regulations 
is available, the taxpayer or tax remitter (if the tax remitter has paid tax with its own funds and 
has borne the economic burden of such tax, eg as a result of a gross-up clause) may apply for a 
refund of that tax by submitting the relevant documents and declarations. 
Tax on civil law transactions 
Neither an issuance of the Notes, nor a redemption of the Notes is subject to tax on civil law transactions. 
In light of Art. 1.1.1.a of the Act dated 9 September 2000 on Tax on Civil Law Transactions (the PCC 
Act), agreements for sale or exchange of assets or proprietary rights are subject to tax on civil law 
transactions.  The Notes should be considered as representing proprietary rights.  Transactions are 
taxable if their subjects are: 
(a) 
assets located in Poland or proprietary rights exercisable in Poland; 
(b) 
assets located abroad or proprietary rights exercisable abroad if the acquirer's place of residence 
or registered office is located in Poland and the civil law transaction was carried out in Poland. 
Although this is not clearly addressed in the law, in principle, the Notes should be considered as rights 
exercisable in Poland. 
If the sale or exchange of the Notes is subject to the PCC, then the tax at 1 per cent. of the market value 
of the Notes should be payable within 14 days after the sale or exchange agreement has been entered 
into.  However, if such agreement has been entered into in notarial form, the tax due should be withheld 
and paid by the notary public.  Tax on sale of the Notes is payable by the entity acquiring the Notes.  In 
the case of exchange agreements, tax on civil law transactions should be payable by both parties jointly 
and severally. 
However, under Art. 9.9 of the PCC Act, an exemption applies to the sale of property rights constituting 
financial instruments (such as the Notes):  
(a) 
to investment companies and foreign investment companies;

--- Page 181 ---
174 
 
(b) 
via investment companies or foreign investment companies; 
(c) 
as part of organised trading; or 
(d) 
outside organised trading by investment companies and foreign investment companies, if those 
rights were acquired by those companies under organised trading, 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Act of 29 July 2005 on Trading in Financial Instruments. 
Moreover, in accordance with Art. 1a.5 and 1a.7 in connection with Art. 2.4 of the PCC Act, the PCC 
exemption applies to sale or exchange agreements concerning the Notes: 
(a) 
to the extent that they are taxed with the VAT in Poland or in another EU Member State or 
EEA; or 
(b) 
when at least one of the parties to the transaction is exempt from VAT in Poland or in another 
EU Member State or EEA on account of that particular transaction. 
Remitter's liability 
Under Art. 30 of the Tax Code dated 29 August 1997, a tax remitter failing to fulfil its duty to calculate, 
withhold or pay tax to a relevant tax authority is liable for the tax that has not been withheld or that has 
been withheld but not paid, up to the value of all its assets.  The tax remitter is not liable if the specific 
provisions provide otherwise or if tax has not been withheld due to the taxpayer's fault. In such a case, 
the relevant tax authority will issue a decision concerning the taxpayer's liability.

--- Page 182 ---
175 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 20 December 
2022, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes.  Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes".  In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse 
the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of 
the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against 
certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or 
not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder.  The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply 
or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all 
Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act.  Each Dealer 
has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 183 ---
176 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to 
the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that 
Member State: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes; and 
 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 184 ---
177 
 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by 
virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes; and  
 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that:

--- Page 185 ---
178 
 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will 
not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where 
the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA 
by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within 
the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of 
any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; 
and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Poland 
Unless the Base Prospectus has been approved by either the Polish competent authority for the approval 
of prospectuses for the public offering of securities in Poland or the admission of securities to trading 
on a regulated market in Poland or the relevant competent authority in the Member State, and Poland 
has received a certificate of such approval with a copy of the Base Prospectus as required under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and the Act on Public Offering, Conditions Governing the Introduction of 
Financial Instruments to Organised Trading, and Public Companies of 29 July 2005, as further amended 
(the Act on Public Offering), the Notes will not be offered in Poland in a manner which will require 
publication of a prospectus or an information memorandum drawn up in accordance with EU Prospectus 
Regulation and the Act on Public Offering. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will 
not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act 
(Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations 
and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering 
of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the 
meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian 
Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, 
resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any

--- Page 186 ---
179 
 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the 
Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses 
or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it 
for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and 
neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 187 ---
180 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution 
of the Management Board of the Issuer dated 8 August 2022. 
Listing and admission to trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated 
market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  Applications may also be made for Notes 
issued under the Programme to be listed on the WSE. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available for inspection on the Issuer's website 
https://www.pkobp.pl/investor-relations/issuance-and-ratings/: 
(a) 
the articles of association (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement; and 
(c) 
any future Base Prospectus, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final 
Terms to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by 
reference. 
For at least ten years from the date of this Base Prospectus, this Base Prospectus and a copy of any 
document containing the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained 
from the Issuer's website https://www.pkobp.pl/investor-relations/issuance-and-ratings/.  For the 
avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information 
contained on the Issuer's website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
are the entities in charge of keeping the records).  The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each 
Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.  If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system 
the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. 
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg.   
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 188 ---
181 
 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on 
the basis of the relevant Issue Price.  The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as 
at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant or Material Change 
Subject as set out in the following Risk Factors: "The regulatory intervention concerning borrowers 
under mortgage loans may have an adverse effect on the Group’s financial conditions", "Claims of 
borrowers under mortgage loans denominated in CHF or indexed to CHF may adversely affect 
the Group’s financial performance" and “The Bank may be required to make substantial mandatory 
contributions, including contributions to the Bank Guarantee Fund and the Borrowers’ Support Fund”, 
there has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Group 
since 30 September 2022 and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or 
prospects of the Group since 31 December 2021. 
Litigation 
Neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or 
have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
Auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Polska spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością Audyt sp. k., entered on 
the list of audit firms held by the Polish Agency for Audit Oversight (in Polish: Polska Agencja Nadzoru 
Audytowego) under number 144, has audited the Annual Consolidated Financial Statements and issued 
unqualified and unmodified auditor's reports from the audits thereof.  PricewaterhouseCoopers Polska 
spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością Audyt sp. k. did not audit or review and does not express an 
opinion on the Interim Financial Statements.  On behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers Polska spółka 
z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością Audyt sp. k., the Annual Consolidated Financial Statements were 
audited by Agnieszka Accordi (certified auditor, licence No. 11665). 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.

--- Page 189 ---
182 
 
 
ISSUER 
Powszechna Kasa Oszczędności Bank Polski S.A. 
ul. Puławska 15 
02-515 Warsaw 
Poland 
 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
Riverside Two 
Sir John Robertson's Quay 
Grand Canal Dock 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law 
To the Issuer as to Polish law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Allen & Overy, A. Pędzich sp. k. 
One Bishops Square 
ul. Grzybowska 56 
London E1 6AD 
00-844 Warsaw 
United Kingdom 
Poland 
 
 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Polska spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością Audyt sp. k. 
ul. Polna 11 
00-633 Warsaw 
Poland 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Powszechna Kasa Oszczędności Bank Polski S.A. 
ul. Puławska 15 
02-515 Warsaw 
Poland 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg