--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Euro 25,000,000,000 
in respect of PREMIUM GREEN PLC 
Euro 25,000,000,000 
in respect of PREMIUM PLUS P.L.C. 
PREMIUM Multi Issuer Asset-Backed Medium Term Note Programme 
 
This Base Prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) (the “Prospectus Regulation”).  As such, the Base Prospectus does 
not contain information which was not known at the time of approval of the Base Prospectus and which can 
only be determined at the time of the individual issue of the relevant notes. 
Under the PREMIUM Multi Issuer Asset-Backed Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) 
described in this Base Prospectus, Premium Green PLC (“Premium Green”), PREMIUM Plus p.l.c. 
(“PREMIUM Plus”) and any other company which accedes to the Programme as an issuer (each a “Specified 
Company” or an “Issuer”) subject to compliance with all relevant laws and regulations, may from time to time 
issue, borrow under, buy, sell, enter into, create or incur secured obligations (the “Obligations”) in the form of 
index linked or formula linked notes or any other type of notes as further described herein (the “Notes”) and/or 
other secured obligations including, without limitation, loans, options, warrants, certificates, murabaha 
transactions, deposits, mudaraba transactions, letters of credit, derivative transactions, contracts for the sale 
and/or purchase of assets, repurchase transactions, securities lending transactions, guarantees or a combination 
of the foregoing, denominated in any currency agreed upon by the relevant Specified Company and the relevant 
Dealers (as defined herein), as the case may be, on the terms set out herein.  The aggregate principal amount of 
Obligations outstanding in relation to (i) Premium Green PLC will not at any time exceed Euro 25,000,000,000 
(or the equivalent in other currencies) and (ii) PREMIUM Plus p.l.c. will not at any time exceed 
Euro 25,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in any other currencies), at the date of incurring the relevant Obligation. 
Pursuant to deeds of accession dated 6 April 2006 (with respect to Premium Green) and 28 May 2009 (with 
respect to PREMIUM Plus), each of Premium Green and PREMIUM Plus acceded to the Programme as an 
Issuer, agreeing to be bound by all the terms of the Master Documents (as defined in such deeds of accession) 
and the other documents executed pursuant to or in connection with the creation of Obligations, as described, 
with respect to Premium Green, in a registration document dated 10 April 2006 (the “Premium Green 
Registration Document”).  PREMIUM Finance, PREMIUM Finance II and Premium Green as the then 
existing Issuers, in connection with the creation of Obligations, published a registration document dated 3 May 
2007, and a base prospectus dated 30 May 2008 and PREMIUM Finance, PREMIUM Finance II, Premium 
Green and PREMIUM Plus as the then existing Issuers, in connection with the creation of Obligations, published 
a base prospectus dated 28 May 2009, a base prospectus dated 4 June 2010, a base prospectus dated 5 August 
2011, a base prospectus dated 19 July 2012, a base prospectus dated 25 July 2013, a base prospectus dated 25 
July 2014, a base prospectus dated 24 July 2015, a base prospectus dated 21 July 2016, a base prospectus dated 
21 July 2017, a base prospectus dated 19 July 2018, a base prospectus dated 16 July 2019 and a base prospectus 
dated 20 July 2020 (together, the “Issuer Registration Documents”).  This Base Prospectus supersedes and 
replaces in its entirety any previous registration document or base prospectus in relation to the issue of the Notes 
or the creation or incurrence of other Obligations under the Programme by each of Premium Green and 
PREMIUM Plus including the Premium Green Registration Document and the Issuer Registration Documents.  
As of the date hereof, PREMIUM Finance and PREMIUM Finance II are no longer Issuers under the 
Programme. 
In connection with the proposed creation or incurrence of Obligations by a Specified Company (other than an 
Existing Issuer (as defined below)) after the date hereof, such Specified Company will execute a deed (a “Deed 
of Accession”) agreeing to be bound by the terms of the Master Documents (as defined in the relevant Deed of 
Accession) and any other documents executed pursuant to or in connection with the creation or incurrence of 
Obligations.  From and after execution and delivery of a Deed of Accession, such Specified Company shall 
become and be treated as an “Issuer” for the purposes of the Master Documents and this Base Prospectus.  
References herein to (i) “Issuer” are references to the relevant Issuer in respect of (and only to the extent of) the

--- Page 2 ---
(ii) 
 
 
Obligations created or incurred by it and in respect of the Master Documents only to the extent that it is bound 
by them and such references specifically exclude any other Issuer and (ii) “Existing Issuer” are to each of 
Premium Green and PREMIUM Plus.  Each Issuer shall be bound by the Master Documents only in respect of 
any Series (as defined below) of Obligations created or incurred by it and matters relating thereto.  The liability 
of each Issuer under the Obligations, each of the Master Documents and the Obligation Documents is several 
and is separate in respect of each Series or other obligations.  No Issuer shall be responsible for the obligations 
of any other Issuer under any Obligations created or incurred by such other Issuer or any of the Master 
Documents or any Obligation Document relating to such other Issuer. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation.  The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and 
such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or the quality of the Notes that are the 
subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the Notes. Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext 
Dublin”) for certain Notes issued under the Programme as more fully described in this Base Prospectus for the 
period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the “Official List”) 
and trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin (the “Regulated Market”).  The terms of such Notes 
not otherwise set forth herein will be set forth in a set of transaction terms hereto which comprise a drawdown 
prospectus (the “Drawdown Prospectus”) which will be separately approved by the Central Bank.  Such 
approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council (as amended, the “Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive” or “MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of 
the European Economic Area.  The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on an unlisted basis or to be 
listed on the Global Exchange Market operated and regulated by Euronext Dublin (“GEM”), the Vienna MTF 
operated and regulated by the Wiener Börse AG or such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be 
agreed with the Issuer.  A Drawdown Prospectus constitutes Supplemental Listing Particulars (the 
“Supplemental Listing Particulars”) where Notes are to be listed or admitted to trading on GEM or the Vienna 
MTF.  Other secured Obligations entered into under the Programme, including loans, options, warrants, 
certificates, murabaha transactions, deposits, mudaraba transactions, letters of credit, derivative transactions, 
contracts for the sale and/or purchase of assets, repurchase transactions and securities lending transactions 
cannot be listed on Euronext Dublin or the Vienna MTF. 
The Central Bank, in its capacity as competent authority in Ireland for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, 
has been requested to provide the Autorité des Marchés Financiers, which is the competent authority in France, 
with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Application may also be made to the Autorité des Marchés Financiers for the Notes to be listed on the official 
list of Euronext Paris and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris upon their issuance. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid for admissions to trading on a regulated market by or with the consent of the 
Issuers for 12 months from its date. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of significant 
new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply after the date falling 12 months from the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus constitutes Base Listing Particulars (the “Base Listing Particulars”) where Notes are to 
be listed or admitted to trading on GEM or the Vienna MTF.  Application has been made to Euronext Dublin 
and Wiener Börse AG for the approval of this document as Base Listing Particulars.  Application may be made 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on GEM or Vienna MTF.  Where Notes are to be admitted to trading on 
the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin, “Base Prospectus” should be taken to mean “Base Prospectus” and 
where Notes are to be admitted to trading on GEM or the Vienna MTF, “Base Prospectus” should be taken to 
mean “Base Listing Particulars”. 
Every significant new factor or material change of information relating to each Specified Company which has 
executed a Deed of Accession will be contained in a supplemental base prospectus (the “Supplemental Base 
Prospectus”) and this Base Prospectus shall be read in conjunction with any Supplemental Base Prospectus.

--- Page 3 ---
(iii) 
 
 
Notes will be secured as described herein and denominated in such currencies as may be agreed with the dealer 
specified below (the “Dealer”, which expression shall include any additional Dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time, each a “Dealer” and together, the “Dealers”, which appointment may be for a 
specific Series (as defined below) or Tranche (as defined below) of Notes or generally in respect of the 
Programme).  Subject as set out herein, the maximum aggregate principal amount of all Obligations from time 
to time outstanding under the Programme in respect of each Issuer will not exceed the relevant amount specified 
above (or its equivalent in other currencies at or shortly before the time of agreement to issue, subject as further 
set out herein).  Notes will be issued under the Programme pursuant to the amended and restated principal trust 
deed dated 12 October 2021 (the “Principal Trust Deed”) between, inter alios, the Existing Issuers and HSBC 
Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited (the “Trustee”). 
A specified pool of assets (the “Underlying Assets”) and other rights (together with the “Underlying Assets”, 
the “Charged Assets”) will be available to meet the obligations of the Issuer to the holders of a Series or Tranche 
of Notes or Obligations and all other obligations of the Issuer attributable to that Series or Tranche (including 
obligations under any Related Agreement (as defined below)).  If the amounts received from the Charged Assets 
(whether or not any security granted in respect thereof has been enforced) are insufficient to make payment of 
all amounts due in respect of the Notes or other Obligations of the relevant Series or Tranche and all other 
obligations attributable to that Series or Tranche, no other assets of the Issuer will be available to meet that 
shortfall and all further claims of the holders in respect of such Notes or other Obligations will be extinguished.  
Obligations other than Notes will be secured in the manner described in the relevant Obligation Documents, but 
in each case, recourse against the Issuer in respect of such Obligations will be limited to the assets of the Issuer 
that forms the security for such Obligations.  Such Obligations may be credit enhanced by a guarantee, insurance 
or other support agreement as specified in the relevant supplemental trust deed. 
It is anticipated that certain Notes to be issued under the Programme will be rated by S&P Global Ratings, a 
division of S&P Global Inc. (“Standard & Poor’s” or “S&P”), by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd (“Moodys”), 
and/or by Fitch Ratings Limited (“Fitch”), unless otherwise specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms (as defined below), and/or by such other Rating Agency (as defined below) as may be chosen by the 
relevant Dealer(s) in respect of such Notes. Each rating will address the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations 
under the terms of the relevant rated Notes.  Whether or not a rating in relation to any Series of Notes will be 
treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation 1060/2009/EC on credit rating agencies, as amended by Regulation 513/2011/EU and 
Regulation 462/2013/EU (the “CRA Regulation”) will be disclosed in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by any Rating Agency.  A suspension, reduction or withdrawal of the rating 
assigned to any rated Notes may adversely affect the market price of such Notes. 
If so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms application will be made on or after the relevant date of 
issue for the Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market (for the purposes of the Markets 
in Financial Instruments Directive) of Euronext Dublin (and/or the GEM, the Vienna MTF and/or any other 
stock exchange).  Details of the aggregate principal amount, interest (if any) payable, the issue price, the 
Underlying Assets and any other terms and conditions not contained herein, including any security, which are 
applicable to each Series or Tranche of Notes will be, with respect to Notes to be listed and admitted to trading 
on Euronext Dublin (and/or the GEM, the Vienna MTF or any other stock exchange), set forth in the Drawdown 
Prospectus or Supplemental Listing Particulars (as applicable) and will be delivered to Euronext Dublin (and/or 
the GEM, the Vienna MTF and/or any other stock exchange) on or after the date of issue of such Series or, in 
the case of Notes which are to be neither (i) so listed or admitted to trading nor (ii) offered to the public in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation or Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
“retained EU law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus 
Regulation”) (as applicable), contained in a pricing supplement (each a “Pricing Supplement”, together with 
a Drawdown Prospectus referred to as an “Applicable Transaction Terms”).  Certain other terms applicable 
to each Series or each Tranche of Notes will be specified in a supplement to the Principal Trust Deed (as defined 
below) (each a “Supplemental Trust Deed”). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States.  Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except (1) in a

--- Page 4 ---
(iv) 
 
 
transaction outside the United States to persons that are not U.S. persons in accordance with Rule 903 or 
Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, or (2) within the United States in reliance on Section 4(2) 
and/or Rule 144A under the Securities Act only to qualified institutional buyers (“QIBs” or “Qualified 
Institutional Buyers”) (as defined in Rule 144A (“Rule 144A”) under the Securities Act that are also qualified 
purchasers (“Qualified Purchasers”) (as defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the U.S. Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”)), in each case in accordance with applicable law.  All 
purchasers of the Notes are deemed, by acceptance of the Notes, to agree that they will transfer the Notes only 
in the manner set forth under “Subscription and Sale” and “Transfer Restrictions”.  Each purchaser of the Notes 
offered hereby in making its purchase will be deemed to have made certain acknowledgements, representations 
and warranties as set forth under “Subscription and Sale” and “Transfer Restrictions”.  In addition, the Issuer 
has not been and will not be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.  The 
Notes may include Notes that are in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  See “Subscription 
and Sale” and “Transfer Restrictions”. 
If indicated in the Applicable Transaction Terms, any Global Notes (as defined herein) issued from time to time 
by Premium Green or PREMIUM Plus may be intended to be held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem 
eligibility.  This only means that such Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (each an “ICSD”) as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem, either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria as specified by the European Central Bank.  See further the 
section entitled “Summary of Conditions relating to the Notes while in Global Form” and “Book-Entry 
Clearance Procedures” below. 
The information on any websites referred to herein does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English.  Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
THE OBLIGATIONS WILL BE OBLIGATIONS SOLELY OF EACH ISSUER AND WILL NOT BE 
GUARANTEED BY, OR BE THE RESPONSIBILITY OF, ANY OTHER ENTITY. 
Arranger and Dealer 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK 
12 October 2021

--- Page 5 ---
(v) 
 
 
Each Existing Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this document and to the best of its 
knowledge, such information is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the 
import of such information. Each Supplemental Base Prospectus will contain a statement to this effect by and 
in relation to each Issuer. 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank accepts responsibility for the information directly relating to 
it contained in this Base Prospectus in the section headed “Description of Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank”.  To the best of the knowledge of Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, the 
information in respect of which it accepts responsibility is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect the import of such information.  Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank does 
not accept any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of any other information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any amendments hereto or restatement hereof 
and with any other document(s) incorporated by reference to herein and, in relation to any Series or Tranche 
of Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms and, as the 
case may be, any document(s) incorporated by reference therein. 
Each Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under “Subscription and Sale” below that this Base Prospectus 
(including for this purpose, each relevant set of Applicable Transaction Terms) contains all information which 
is (in the context of the Programme and the issue, offering and sale of the Notes issued by it) material; that such 
information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any 
opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any 
material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such 
information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme and the issue, offering and 
sale of the Notes issued by it) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been 
made to verify the foregoing. 
The Arranger, the Dealers and the Trustee have not separately verified the information contained herein.  
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or 
liability is accepted by the Arranger and Dealers or the Trustee or any of their respective affiliates as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the financial information contained in this Base Prospectus, any other financial 
statements or any further information supplied in connection with the Programme, the Obligations or their 
distribution.  The statements made in this paragraph are without prejudice to the responsibility of any Issuer 
under the Programme.  Each set of Applicable Transaction Terms will contain a statement to this effect by and 
in relation to each Issuer. 
No person is or has been authorised directly or indirectly to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements or further information supplied pursuant 
to the terms of the Programme or the Obligations and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by any Existing Issuer, the Trustee, the Arranger, the Dealers 
or any of their respective affiliates. 
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates, and neither 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates makes any representation or warranty or accepts any 
responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus.  Neither 
the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any set of Applicable Transaction Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery 
of any Obligation shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any 
adverse change, in the condition (financial or otherwise) of any Existing Issuer since the date hereof or, if later, 
the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of any of the Obligations may be restricted by law 
in certain jurisdictions.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Obligations come must 
inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions.

--- Page 6 ---
(vi) 
 
 
MiFID II Product Governance / Target Market – A Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes will include 
a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 5 February 2018, and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“Distributor” as defined in MiFID II) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID product 
governance rules under Directive 2017/593/EU (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer as defined in MiFID II in respect of such Notes, but otherwise none 
of the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR Product Governance / Target Market – A Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “UK Product Governance Distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a UK Product Governance Distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook product governance rules (the “FCA Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer as defined in the FCA Product 
Governance Rules in respect of such Notes, but otherwise none of the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the FCA Product Governance Rules. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE) 
The Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “Singapore Securities and Futures 
Act Product Classification” which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) 
of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the “SFA”). 
The relevant Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to “relevant 
persons” in relation to each issue under the Programme of the classification of the Notes being offered for 
purposes of section 309B(1)(a) and section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
None of the Issuers, the Arranger, the Dealers or the Trustee represents that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that Obligations may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration 
or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has been taken by any 
Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers (save for the approval of this Base Prospectus by the Central Bank) or the 
Trustee which would permit a public offering of any Obligations or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, Obligations may not lawfully be offered or 
sold, directly or indirectly, and none of this Base Prospectus or any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have represented that all offers and sales by it will 
be made on the same terms. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements or any further information supplied pursuant 
to the terms of the Programme or the Obligations should be considered as a recommendation or constituting 
an invitation, offer or recommendation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Arranger, the Dealers or 
any of their respective affiliates that any recipient of this Base Prospectus, any other financial statements or 
any further information supplied pursuant to the terms of the Programme or the Obligations should subscribe

--- Page 7 ---
(vii) 
 
 
for or purchase any of the Obligations.  Each investor contemplating purchasing Obligations should make their 
own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and their own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer. 
Purchasers of Obligations should have sufficient knowledge and experience in financial and business matters, 
and access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical resources to evaluate the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and the Applicable Transaction Terms and the merits and risks of investing in the Obligations 
in the context of their financial position and circumstances.  Each person receiving this Base Prospectus 
acknowledges that such person has been afforded an opportunity to request from the relevant Issuer and to 
review, and has received, all additional information considered by such person to be necessary to verify the 
accuracy and completeness of the information contained herein. 
The delivery of this Base Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained herein in respect 
of any Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other financial statements or any 
further information supplied pursuant to the terms of the Programme or the Obligations is correct as of any 
time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.  The Arranger and the Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of any Issuer during the life of the 
Programme or while any Notes are outstanding.  Investors should review, inter alia, the most recent financial 
statements (if any) of the Issuer when deciding whether or not to purchase any Obligations. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the terms of any offering of 
Obligations.  Prior to the offering and sale of the Obligations, there will be no secondary market for the 
Obligations and there can be no assurance that a secondary market will develop or, if it does develop, that it 
will continue. 
The Obligations will be obligations solely of the Issuer and will not be guaranteed by, or be the responsibility 
of, any other entity.  In particular the Obligations will not be obligations of, and will not be guaranteed by, the 
Trustee, any Agent, any Counterparty, any Arranger or any Dealer. 
All Obligations created and issued pursuant to the provisions of the Principal Trust Deed shall be constituted 
by, and subject to, a Supplemental Trust Deed.  The Issuer shall execute and deliver such Supplemental Trust 
Deed to the Trustee (duly stamped or denoted with any applicable stamp duties or other documentation taxes) 
containing such provisions (whether or not corresponding to any of the provisions contained in the Principal 
Trust Deed) as the Trustee may require. 
Save where the context otherwise requires, references in this Base Prospectus and any set of Applicable 
Transaction Terms to any statutory provision shall be deemed also to refer to any statutory modification or 
re-enactment thereof or to any statutory instrument, order or regulation made thereunder or under any such 
re-enactment. 
If any potential investor in any Notes is in any doubt about the contents of this document such potential investor 
should consult its stockbroker, bank manager, solicitor, accountant or other professional adviser. 
See “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus for a description of certain factors that should be considered by 
prospective investors in connection with an investment in any of the Notes. 
It should be remembered the price of securities and the income from them can go down as well as up. 
This Base Prospectus has been filed with the Central Bank as required by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Each of Premium Green and PREMIUM Plus is not and will not be regulated by the Central Bank as a result of 
issuing the Notes.  Any investment in the Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the 
scope of the deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank.  Where an Issuer incorporated in Ireland 
wishes to issue Notes with a maturity of less than one year, it shall ensure that it is in full compliance with the 
notice of the Central Bank of exemptions granted under section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act 1971 (as amended), 
of Ireland. 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY SERIES OR TRANCHE OF NOTES UNDER THE 
PROGRAMME, THE DEALER OR DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED AS THE STABILISING 
MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISING MANAGER(S)) IN

--- Page 8 ---
(viii) 
 
 
THE APPLICABLE TRANSACTION TERMS MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT 
TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A 
LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL, HOWEVER, THERE IS 
NO ASSURANCE THAT THE STABILISING MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF 
OF A STABILISING MANAGER) WILL UNDERTAKE STABILISATION ACTION, ANY 
STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE 
PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT SERIES OR 
TRANCHE OF NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY BE ENDED AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST 
END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE 
RELEVANT SERIES OR TRANCHE OF NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE 
ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT SERIES OR TRANCHE OF NOTES, ANY STABILISATION 
ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT SHALL BE CONDUCTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL 
APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES.

--- Page 9 ---
(ix) 
 
 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act in connection with the resale of any Notes, for 
so long as such Notes are “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, 
each Issuer will be required to furnish at the time of issuance of such of Notes and post-issuance upon request 
of a Noteholder to such Noteholder and a prospective purchaser designated by such Noteholder the information 
required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if at the time of the request such Issuer 
is not a reporting company under Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended (the “Exchange Act”), or exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Exchange Act.

--- Page 10 ---
1 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 2 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ..................................................................................... 46 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................................................... 47 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................... 62 
SUMMARY OF CONDITIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM .................... 159 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE PROCEDURES ............................................................................................ 164 
USE OF PROCEEDS ....................................................................................................................................... 168 
TRANSACTION OVERVIEW DIAGRAM .................................................................................................... 169 
DESCRIPTION OF CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK ............................ 170 
DESCRIPTION OF PREMIUM GREEN PLC ................................................................................................ 172 
DESCRIPTION OF PREMIUM PLUS P.L.C. ................................................................................................ 175 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ......................................................................................................................... 178 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ........................................................................................................................ 179 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST .......................................................................................................................... 191 
GENERAL DISCLAIMERS ............................................................................................................................ 194 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT ............................................................................................................. 201 
IRISH TAXATION .......................................................................................................................................... 260 
GENERAL INFORMATION........................................................................................................................... 262

--- Page 11 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
2 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Investing in the Notes involves certain risks.  Prospective investors/counterparties should carefully consider the 
following factors, prior to investing in Notes.  These factors are intended to describe various risk factors 
associated with an investment.  Each of the Issuers does not represent that the statements below regarding the 
risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. 
No investment should be made in the Notes of any Series until after careful consideration of all those factors 
that are relevant in relation to the Notes of such Series.  Prospective investors should reach an investment 
decision with respect to the suitability of the Notes of such Series for them only after careful consideration and 
consultation with their financial and legal advisers. 
1. 
Risks relating to the Issuers 
(a) 
Limited recourse; Non-Petition; Corporate Obligations; Related Risks 
Each of Premium Green PLC and PREMIUM Plus p.l.c. is incorporated in Ireland as public limited 
companies under the Companies Acts 1963-2005 of Ireland. For more information see the sections 
entitled “Description of Premium Green PLC” and “Description of PREMIUM Plus p.l.c.”. 
Each Issuer is a special purpose vehicle established for the purpose of, amongst other things, issuing 
Notes under the Programme.  Each Issuer has, and will have, no assets that are or may be available to 
the Noteholders other than the Security acquired by it, in each case in connection with the issue of Notes 
or the entry by it into other obligations relating to the Programme or otherwise from time to time.  
Recourse of the Noteholders against the Issuer is limited to the funds available to the Issuer from time 
to time in respect of the Charged Assets specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms relating to such 
Series of Notes and the Issuer shall have no liability to make any payments under the Notes where such 
funds are not available to it.  Therefore, the Noteholders are exposed to the risk that the Issuer will not 
have sufficient funds available to it to make payments owed under the Notes and will not have any 
further recourse against the Issuer or any other party in such circumstances, but will suffer a 
corresponding loss on their investment. 
Claims against each of the Issuers by, inter alios, holders of the Notes of a Series, by the Swap 
Counterparty (if any), by the Repurchase Counterparty (if any), by the Securities Lending Counterparty 
(if any) and by any other secured creditors will be limited to the secured assets relating to such Series.  
The proceeds of realisation of such secured assets may be less than the sums due to the holders of the 
Notes, the Swap Counterparty (if any), the Repurchase Counterparty (if any), the Securities Lending 
Counterparty (if any) and the other secured creditors.  Any shortfall will be borne by the holders of the 
Notes, by the Swap Counterparty (if any), by the Repurchase Counterparty (if any), by the Securities 
Lending Counterparty (if any) and by the other secured creditors in accordance with the relevant order 
of priority. 
Prospective investors should be aware that there is a risk that an Issuer may become subject to claims 
or other liabilities (whether in respect of the Notes or otherwise) which are not themselves subject to 
limited recourse or non petition provisions as set out above. 
(b) 
Examiners, Preferred Creditors under Irish law and Floating charges 
(With respect to Notes issued by an Issuer incorporated in Ireland (such as Premium Green PLC and 
PREMIUM Plus p.l.c.)): 
Centre of Main Interest 
Each Issuer has its registered office in Ireland. Under Regulation 2015/848/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast) (the “Recast EU 
Insolvency Regulation”), the Issuer’s centre of main interest (“COMI”) is presumed to be the place of 
its registered office (i.e. Ireland) in the absence of proof to the contrary and provided that the Issuer did 
not move its registered office within the three months prior to a request to open insolvency proceedings. 
As each Issuer’s COMI is presumed to be Ireland, any main insolvency proceedings in respect of the 
respective Issuer would fall within the jurisdiction of the courts of Ireland. As to what might constitute

--- Page 12 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
3 
 
 
“proof to the contrary” regarding the location of a company’s COMI, the key decision is that in Re 
Eurofood IFSC Ltd ([2004] 4 IR 370 (Irish High Court); [2006] IESC 41 (Irish Supreme Court); [2006] 
Ch 508; ECJ Case C-341/04 (European Court of Justice)), given in respect of the equivalent provision 
in the previous EU Insolvency Regulation (Regulation 1346/2000/EC). In that case, on a reference from 
the Irish Supreme Court, the European Court of Justice concluded that “factors which are both objective 
and ascertainable by third parties” would be needed to demonstrate that a company’s actual situation is 
different from that which the location of its registered office is deemed to reflect. For instance, if a 
company with its registered office in Ireland does not carry on any business in Ireland, that could rebut 
the presumption that the company’s COMI is in Ireland. 
As each Issuer has its registered office in Ireland, has Irish directors, being registered for tax in Ireland 
and has retained an Irish corporate services provider, the Issuers do not believe that factors exist that 
would rebut the presumption that their COMI is located in Ireland, although this would ultimately be a 
matter for the relevant court to decide based on the circumstances existing at the time when it was asked 
to make that decision. If an Issuer’s COMI was found to be in another EU jurisdiction and not in Ireland, 
main insolvency proceedings would be opened in that jurisdiction instead. 
Examinership 
Examinership is a court moratorium/protection procedure which is available under Irish company law 
to facilitate the survival of Irish companies in financial difficulties. Where a company, which has its 
COMI in Ireland is, or is likely to be, unable to pay its debts an examiner may be appointed on a petition 
to the relevant Irish court under Section 509 of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended, the 
“Companies Act 2014”). 
The Issuer, the shareholders, directors and a contingent, prospective or actual creditor of the Issuer are 
each entitled to petition the court for the appointment of an examiner. The examiner, once appointed, 
has wide powers binding on the company. 
During the period of protection, the examiner will compile proposals for a compromise or scheme of 
arrangement to assist in the survival of the company or the whole or any part of its undertaking as a 
going concern. A scheme of arrangement may be approved by the relevant Irish Court when a minimum 
of one class of creditors, whose interests are impaired under the proposals, has voted in favour of the 
proposals and the court is satisfied that such proposals are fair and equitable in relation to any class of 
members or creditors who have not accepted the proposals and whose interests would be impaired by 
implementation of the scheme of arrangement and the proposals are not unfairly prejudicial to any 
interested party. 
The fact that the Issuer is a special purpose entity and that all its liabilities are of a limited recourse 
nature means that it is unlikely that an examiner would be appointed to the Issuer. 
If an examiner were appointed while any amounts due by the Issuer under any Notes were unpaid, the 
primary risks to the holders of such Notes would be as follows: 
(i) 
the Trustee, acting on behalf of Noteholders, would not be able to enforce rights against the 
Issuer during the period of examinership; and 
(ii) 
a scheme of arrangement may be approved involving the writing down of the debt due by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders irrespective of the Noteholders’ views. 
Preferred Creditors 
If the Issuer becomes subject to an insolvency proceeding and the Issuer has obligations to creditors 
that are treated under Irish law as creditors that are senior relative to the Noteholders, the Noteholders 
may suffer losses as a result of their subordinated status during such insolvency proceedings. In 
particular: 
(i) 
under the terms of the Principal Trust Deed and the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed, the 
Notes will be secured in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of itself and the other Secured 
Creditors by security over the relevant Charged Assets. Under Irish law, the claims of creditors

--- Page 13 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
4 
 
 
holding fixed charges may rank behind other creditors (namely fees, costs and expenses of any 
examiner appointed and certain capital gains tax liabilities) and, in the case of fixed charges 
over book debts, may rank behind claims of the Irish Revenue Commissioners for PAYE and 
VAT; 
(ii) 
under Irish law, for a charge to be characterised as a fixed charge, the charge holder is required 
to exercise the requisite level of control over the assets purported to be charged and the proceeds 
of such assets including any bank account into which such proceeds are paid. There is a risk 
therefore that even a charge which purports to be taken as a fixed charge may take effect as a 
floating charge if a court deems that the requisite level of control was not exercised; and 
(iii) 
in an insolvency of the Issuer, the claims of certain other creditors (including the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners for certain unpaid taxes), as well as those of creditors mentioned above, will 
rank in priority to claims of unsecured creditors and claims of creditors holding floating 
charges. 
(c) 
Corporation tax – Deductibility of interest 
Profit-dependent or commercially excessive interest amounts 
Interest or other distributions paid out on the Notes which are profit-dependent or any part of which 
exceeds a reasonable commercial return could, under certain anti-avoidance provisions, be 
re-characterised as a non-deductible distribution and be subject to dividend withholding tax in certain 
circumstances.  Such interest or other distributions will be re-characterised as a non-deductible 
distribution where the payment is made to a “specified person” and the Issuer, at the time the Notes 
were issued, was aware that interest or other distributions paid on the Notes would not be subject, 
without reduction computed by reference to the amount of such interest or other distribution, to a tax in 
a relevant territory, as further discussed below. 
The Finance Act 2019 could impact the taxation of the Issuer. These changes apply from 1 January 
2020 (with no grandfathering provided for in respect of transactions entered into in advance of 
implementation). Finance Act 2019 amends Section 110 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 of Ireland 
(the “TCA”), which is the provision which governs the tax treatment of the Issuer. The changes expand 
the scope of the definition of “specified person” so that certain provisions which deny a deduction for 
profit-dependent or excessive interest are widened to encompass payments to persons who are 
borrowers under loans acquired by the company, as well as under loans advanced by the company. The 
definition of control in the “specified person” definition was also widened to include persons that have 
“significant influence” over the company and hold more than 20% of the shares in the company, 20% 
by principal value of the debt carrying profit dependant or excessive interest issue by the company (or 
any securities with no par value) or 20% of the interest on such securities. 
This amendment could result in tax deductions for payment of interest by the Issuer to such persons 
(taken together with certain connected persons) on any Notes, the return on which is dependent on the 
results of the Issuer’s business or exceeds a commercial rate of return, being non-deductible and 
potentially subject to dividend withholding tax if the conditions above are met. 
Irish Specified Property Business 
Interest or other distributions paid out on the Notes which are profit-dependent (to the extent to which 
such distributions exceed a reasonable commercial rate of return as determined at the creation of the 
Note) or any part of which exceeds a reasonable commercial return may not be deductible in full to the 
extent that the interest is associated with a ‘specified property business’ carried on by that qualifying 
company.  A ‘specified property business’ of a qualifying company means, subject to a number of 
exceptions, a business of holding ‘specified mortgages’, units in an IREF (being a specified form of 
investment undertaking within the meaning of Chapter 1B of Part 27 of the TCA) or shares that derive 
their value or the greater part of their value, directly or indirectly, from Irish land.  A ‘specified 
mortgage’ for this purpose is (a) a loan which is secured on, and which derives its value from, or the 
greater part of its value from, directly or indirectly, Irish land, (b) a ‘specified agreement’ (effectively 
a profit-dependent derivative) which derives its value, or the greater part of its value, directly or

--- Page 14 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
5 
 
 
indirectly, from Irish land or a loan to which (a) applies, or (c) the portion of a specified security 
(essentially a security carrying profit dependant or commercially excessive return in respect of which, 
if these specified property business rules did not apply to it, payments on that security would be 
deductible under Section 110 of the TCA) treated as attributable to the specified property business in 
accordance with the rules. 
The legislation treats the holding of such assets as a separate business to the rest of the qualifying 
company’s activities (if any).  The qualifying company is taxed on any profit that is attributable to that 
business at 25% and any such interest that is profit dependent or that part of any interest which exceeds 
a reasonable commercial return is not deductible, subject to a number of exceptions. 
However, on the basis that the Issuer will not acquire ‘specified mortgages’ (within the meaning of 
Section 110 of the TCA), units in an IREF (being a specified form of investment undertaking within the 
meaning of Chapter 1B, Part 27 of the TCA) or shares that derive the greater part of their value, directly 
or indirectly, from Irish land (as to which, see the Section entitled “Underlying Assets”), the Issuer 
should not be carrying on a specified property business. 
(d) 
OECD Action Plan on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting 
Fiscal and taxation policy and practice is constantly evolving and recently the pace of change has 
increased due to a number of developments.  In particular a number of changes of law and practice are 
occurring as a result of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) Base 
Erosion and Profit Shifting project (“BEPS”). 
At a meeting in Paris on 29 May 2013, the OECD Council at Ministerial Level adopted a declaration 
on base erosion and profit shifting using the OECD’s Committee on Fiscal Affairs to develop an action 
plan to address BEPS in a comprehensive manner. 
In July 2013 the OECD published its Action Plan on BEPS, which proposed fifteen actions intended to 
counter international tax base erosion and profit shifting. Subsequently, on 5 October 2015 the OECD 
published final reports, analyses and sets of recommendations for all of the fifteen actions it identified 
as part of its Action Plan, which G20 finance ministers then endorsed during a meeting on 8 October 
2015 in Lima, Peru and which G20 Leaders then endorsed during their annual summit on 15-16 
November 2015 in Antalya, Turkey (“Final Report”). 
Investors should note that other action points (such as Action 4, which can deny deductions for financing 
costs) may be implemented in a manner which affects the tax position of the Issuer. 
Action 4 
In the Final Report relating to Action 4, the OECD recommends as a best practice that countries 
introduce a general limitation on tax deductions for net interest and economically equivalent payments 
under which, broadly speaking, a company would be denied those deductions to the extent they 
exceeded a particular percentage of the company’s earnings before interest, taxation, depreciation and 
amortisation (“EBITDA”) ranging from 10 to 30 per cent. 
The OECD recommends that, as a minimum, countries would apply this restriction to companies that 
form part of domestic and multinational groups only, or to companies that form part of multinational 
groups. However, the OECD acknowledges that countries may also apply such restriction more broadly 
to include companies in a domestic group and standalone companies which are not part of a domestic 
group. 
However, the restriction recommended would only apply to tax deductions for net interest and 
economically equivalent payments. As a result, provided the Issuer will generally fund interest 
payments it makes under the Notes from interest payments to which it is entitled (that is, such that Issuer 
pays limited or no net interest), the restriction may be of limited relevance to the Issuer even if Ireland 
chose to apply such a restriction to companies such as the Issuer.

--- Page 15 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
6 
 
 
Action 6 
Action 6 is intended to prevent the granting of treaty benefits in inappropriate circumstances. It is 
expected that the Issuer will rely on the interest and other articles of treaties entered into by Ireland to 
be able to receive payments from some Obligors free from withholding taxes that might otherwise apply. 
The multilateral convention (discussed further below) provides for double tax treaties to include a 
“principal purpose test” (“PPT”) which would deny a treaty benefit where it is reasonable to conclude, 
having regard to all relevant facts and circumstances for this purpose, that obtaining that benefit was 
one of the principal purposes of any arrangement or transaction that resulted directly or indirectly in 
that benefit, unless it is established that granting that benefit in those circumstances would be in 
accordance with the object and purpose of the relevant provisions of the treaty. It is unclear how a PPT, 
if adopted, would be applied by the tax authorities of those jurisdictions from which payments are made 
to the Issuer. 
(e) 
EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive and EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 2 
As part of its anti-tax avoidance package, and to provide a framework for a harmonised implementation 
of the BEPS conclusions across the EU, the EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 
(the “ATAD 1”) on 12 July 2016. 
The EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 (the “ATAD 2” and together with ATAD 
1, “ATAD”) on 29 May 2017, amending the ATAD 1, to provide for minimum standards for 
counteracting hybrid mismatches involving EU member states and third countries. 
EU member states had until 31 December 2018 to implement ATAD 1 (subject, in certain cases, to 
derogations for EU member states which have equivalent measures in their domestic law) and until 31 
December 2019 to implement the ATAD 2 (except for measures relating to reverse hybrid mismatches, 
which must be implemented by 31 December 2021). 
The Directives contain various measures that could, depending on their implementation in Ireland, 
potentially result in certain payments made by the Issuer ceasing to be fully deductible.  This could 
increase the Issuer’s liability to tax and reduce the amounts available for payments on the Notes. 
There are two measures of particular relevance. 
First, ATAD provides for an “interest limitation rule” which restricts the deductible interest of an entity 
to 30 per cent. of its EBITDA.  However, the interest limitation only applies to the net borrowing costs 
of an entity (being the amount by which its borrowing costs exceed its taxable interest revenues and 
other economically equivalent taxable revenues). This measure has not yet been implemented in Ireland. 
The exact scope of the measure and its impact on the Issuer’s tax position will depend on how this is 
implemented in Ireland. 
Secondly, the ATAD provides for hybrid mismatch rules.  These rules are designed to neutralise 
arrangements where amounts are deductible from the income of one entity but are not taxable for 
another, or the same amounts are deductible for two entities.  These rules could potentially apply to the 
Issuer where: (i) the interest that it pays under the Notes, and claims deductions from its taxable income 
for, is not brought into account as taxable income by the relevant Noteholder, either because of the 
characterisation of the Notes, or the payments made under them, or because of the nature of the 
Noteholder itself; and (ii) the mismatch arises between associated enterprises, between the Issuer and 
an associated enterprise or under a structured arrangement. It is not clear if either Issuer would have 
any associated enterprises, however if the Issuer has an associated enterprise, unless there is a hybrid 
mismatch, the measures should not impact payments on the Notes. In such scenario, the Issuer could be 
denied a deduction for such payment, which would result in increased taxable profits for the Issuer and, 
therefore, an increased tax liability. 
For the purposes of the hybrid rules, a structured arrangement is one involving a mismatch outcome 
where the mismatch outcome is priced into the terms of the arrangement or the arrangement was 
designed to give rise to a mismatch outcome. Absent any guidance from the Irish Revenue

--- Page 16 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
7 
 
 
Commissioners on how they will approach structured arrangements, it is not yet clear if this would 
apply to the transaction to bring it within scope of the hybrid rules. 
(f) 
Multilateral Instrument 
On 24 November 2016, the OECD published the text and explanatory statement of the “Multilateral 
Convention to Implement Tax Treaty Related Measures to Prevent Base Erosion and Profit Shifting” 
(“MLI”).  The MLI is to be applied alongside existing tax treaties (rather than amending them directly), 
modifying the application of those existing treaties in order to implement BEPS measures. 
The MLI has entered into force in Ireland.  The date from which provisions of the MLI have effect in 
relation to a double tax treaty depends on several factors including the type of tax which the relevant 
treaty article relates to.  In respect of Premium Green PLC and PREMIUM Plus p.l.c. and any other 
Issuer incorporated in Ireland in most cases, since the Issuer is not relying, for Irish tax purposes, on 
the provisions of an Irish double tax treaty, the MLI should have little Irish tax effect on it.  Each Issuer’s 
ability to rely on Ireland’s double tax treaties to reduce or eliminate taxes in other jurisdictions may be 
affected. The ability to rely on many of Ireland’s double tax treaties with other jurisdictions may now 
be subject to a principal purpose test (“PPT”).  The PPT would deny treaty benefits where it is 
reasonable to conclude, having regard to all of the relevant facts and circumstances for this purpose, 
that obtaining that benefit was one of the principal purposes of any arrangement or transaction that 
resulted directly or indirectly in that benefit, unless it was established that granting that benefit in those 
circumstances would be in accordance with the object and purpose of the relevant provisions of the 
treaty.  It is currently unclear how a PPT, if adopted, would be applied by the tax authorities of those 
jurisdictions from which payments are made to each Issuer. 
It is also possible that Ireland will negotiate other amendments to its double tax treaties on a bilateral 
basis in the future which may affect the ability of each Issuer to obtain the benefit of those treaties. 
(g) 
U.S. Tax Considerations 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Withholding 
With respect to Notes issued after the date that is six months after the date on which final U.S. Treasury 
regulations define the term “foreign passthru payment” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register (such 
applicable dates the “Foreign Passthru Payment Grandfathering Date”) (and any Notes which are 
treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, whenever issued), the Issuer may, under certain 
circumstances, be required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder (“FATCA”) to withhold U.S. tax at a 
rate of 30% on all or a portion of payments of principal and interest which are treated as “foreign 
pass-thru payments” made on or after the date that is two years after the date final U.S. Treasury 
regulations defining the term “foreign pass-thru payments” are published to an investor or any other 
non-U.S. financial institution (an “FFI”) through which payment on the Notes is made that is not in 
compliance with FATCA.  As of the date of this Base Prospectus, final U.S. Treasury regulations 
defining the term “foreign passthru payments” have not been filed with the U.S. Federal Register.  In 
addition, with respect to certain equity-linked index Notes, if any, issued on or after 1 July 2017 or, in 
certain cases, issued on or after 1 July 2023 (as applicable, the “DEP Grandfathering Date” and 
together with the Foreign Passthru Payment Grandfathering Date, the “Grandfathering Date”), the 
Issuer may, under certain circumstances, be required pursuant to FATCA to withhold U.S. tax at a rate 
of 30% on all or a portion of payments which are treated as “dividend equivalent” payments (as defined 
below) made on or after the applicable DEP Grandfathering Date. If Notes are issued before a 
Grandfathering Date, and additional Notes of the same series are issued on or after that date other than 
pursuant to a “qualified reopening”, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the additional Notes may not 
be treated as grandfathered, which may have negative consequences for the existing Notes, including a 
negative impact on market price. This 30% withholding tax may also apply to payments an Issuer 
receives if the relevant Issuer is treated as an FFI that is not in compliance with its reporting and 
withholding obligations under FATCA, including under the Ireland IGA (as defined below). 
The United States has concluded several intergovernmental agreements (“IGAs”) with other 
jurisdictions in respect of FATCA.  On 21 December 2012, the Governments of Ireland and the United

--- Page 17 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
8 
 
 
States signed an Agreement to Improve International Tax Compliance and to Implement FATCA (the 
“Ireland IGA”). 
Under the Ireland IGA, an entity classified as an FFI that is treated as resident in Ireland is expected to 
provide the Irish tax authorities with certain information on U.S. holders of its securities.  Information 
on U.S. holders will be automatically exchanged with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service.  The Existing 
Issuers may be treated as FFIs and provided they each comply with the requirements of the Ireland IGA 
and the Irish legislation implementing the Ireland IGA, they should not be subject to FATCA 
withholding on any payments they receive.  Although the Issuers will attempt to satisfy any obligations 
imposed on them to avoid the imposition of the FATCA withholding tax (and Noteholders will be 
required to provide the Issuers with such information and certifications as are necessary for the Issuers 
to satisfy such obligations), no assurance can be given that the Issuers will be able to satisfy these 
obligations.  The imposition of such taxes could materially affect the Issuers’ financial ability to make 
payments on the Notes or could reduce such payments. An FFI that is subject to the Ireland IGA is not 
required to withhold under FATCA or the Ireland IGA from payments it makes (unless it has agreed to 
do so under the U.S. “qualified intermediary,” “withholding foreign partnership,” or “withholding 
foreign trust” regimes). 
Investors should consult their own advisors about the application of FATCA, in particular if they may 
be classified as financial institutions under the FATCA rules. If an amount in respect of withholding 
tax were to be deducted or withheld from interest, principal or other payments on the Notes pursuant to 
FATCA, none of the Issuer, any paying agent or any other person would, pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of the Notes, be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the deduction or withholding 
of such tax. 
Payments under Index/Formula-Linked Notes may be subject to U.S. withholding tax 
A 30% withholding tax (which may be reduced by an applicable income tax treaty) is imposed on certain 
“dividend equivalent” payments made to a non-U.S. person with respect to (i) a “specified notional 
principal contract” that (directly or indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the 
payment of a dividend from sources within the United States, (ii) a “specified equity-linked instrument” 
that references one or more dividend-paying U.S. equity securities, (iii) a securities lending or 
sale-repurchase transaction that references a dividend from sources within the United States, and (iv) 
any other payment determined by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service to be substantially similar to a 
payment described in the preceding clause (i), (ii) or (iii) (“DEP Withholding”). U.S. Treasury 
regulations provide that DEP Withholding can apply even if the instrument does not provide for 
payments that reference dividends. DEP Withholding with respect to a “specified equity-linked 
instrument” applies to dividend equivalent payments made on or after 1 January 2017 on a “specified 
equity-linked instrument” that has a delta of one issued on or after 1 January 2017. DEP Withholding 
with respect to a “specified equity-linked instrument” applies to dividend equivalent payments made on 
or after 1 January 2023 with respect to any “specified equity-linked instrument”, whether or not it has 
a delta of one, issued on or after 1 January 2023. 
If applicable, DEP Withholding will be addressed in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  If an amount 
in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from payments on an 
Index/Formula-Linked Note, none of the Issuer, any paying agent or any other person would, pursuant 
to the terms and conditions of the Notes, be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the 
deduction or withholding of such tax. 
Additionally, the Issuer is permitted, subject to the fulfilment of certain requirements set out in 
Condition 6(s) (FATCA Amendments), to make any amendments to the terms of the Notes or other 
Obligations, the Swap Agreement, the Repurchase Agreement, the Securities Lending Agreement and 
any other Transaction Document as may be necessary to enable the Issuer to comply with its obligations 
under FATCA (intergovernmental agreement between the U.S. and another jurisdiction with respect to 
FATCA or any legislation implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) or its obligations under 
any legislation or agreements relating to any applicable information reporting regime and any such 
amendment will be binding on the Noteholders and the holders of Obligations.

--- Page 18 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
9 
 
 
(h) 
EMIR 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 July 2012 on OTC 
derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories came into force on 16 August 2012 and was 
amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/834 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
(as amended, “EMIR”). EMIR introduced certain requirements in respect of derivative contracts 
entered into by certain financial counterparties (“FCs”), such as European investment firms, alternative 
investment funds (in respect of which, see “AIFMD” below), credit institutions and insurance 
companies, and counterparties who are not FCs (“NFCs”). 
FCs above certain thresholds are subject to a general obligation (the “clearing obligation”) to clear all 
so-called “eligible” OTC derivative contracts entered into with other counterparties subject to the 
clearing obligation through a duly authorised or recognised central counterparty. They must also report 
the details of all derivative contracts to a duly registered or recognised trade repository (the “reporting 
obligation”) and undertake certain risk mitigation techniques in respect of OTC derivative contracts 
which are not cleared by a central counterparty, such as the timely confirmation of the terms of the OTC 
derivative contracts, portfolio reconciliation and compression and the implementation of dispute 
resolution procedures (together, the “risk mitigation obligations”). All NFCs are subject to certain risk 
mitigation obligations and the reporting obligation. Non-cleared OTC derivatives entered into by FCs 
must also be marked to market and margin must be exchanged (the “margin posting requirement”). 
NFCs are exempted from the clearing obligation and certain additional risk mitigation obligations, such 
as the margin posting requirement provided the gross national value of all OTC derivative contracts 
entered into by the NFC and other NFCs within its “group”, excluding eligible hedging transactions, do 
not exceed certain thresholds (set per asset class of OTC derivatives). If an Issuer is considered to be a 
member of a “group” (as defined in EMIR) and if the notional value of OTC derivative contracts entered 
into by the Issuer and the other members of the group exceeds the applicable threshold, the Issuer would 
be subject to the clearing obligation, or if the relevant contract is not a type required to be cleared, to 
the risk mitigation obligations, including the margin posting requirement. OTC derivative contracts 
which are objectively measurable as reducing risks directly related to commercial activity or treasury 
financing activity of an NFC or the group to which it belongs (the “hedging exemption”) will not be 
included towards the clearing threshold. It is the Issuers’ intention to rely on the hedging exemption in 
respect of the relevant Swap Agreements. 
Were an Issuer to be considered to be a member of a “group” or was otherwise no longer able to rely 
on the hedging exemption, there is a risk of it becoming subject to the clearing obligation and such 
additional risk mitigation obligations. It may not be possible for an Issuer to know if the threshold has 
been crossed or if it has become part of a “group” for the purposes of EMIR and this status in any event 
may be subject to change. 
If the Issuer becomes subject to the clearing obligation or the margin posting requirement, it is possible 
that it may not be able to comply with the above requirements which could result in the sale of the 
Charged Assets or the Underlying Assets, as the case may be, and/or termination of relevant Swap 
Agreements and/or limit the Issuer’s ability to invest in Underlying Assets. Any such termination could 
expose the Issuer to costs and increased exchange rate risk (as a result of holding unhedged Underlying 
Assets). 
On 23 November 2020, the European Banking Authority, European Securities and Markets Authority 
and European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority (together the “European Supervisory 
Authorities”, or the “ESAs”), published a final report with draft regulatory technical standards (“RTS”) 
proposing to amend the Commission Delegated Regulation (2016/2251) on the risk mitigation 
techniques for OTC derivatives not cleared by a central counterparty (bilateral margin requirements) 
under EMIR. The ESAs expect competent authorities to apply the EU framework in a risk-based and 
proportionate manner with regards to the requirements related to the measures contained in the draft 
RTS until the amended RTS enter into force. 
ESMA has also published a final report on 23 November 2020, with new draft RTS proposing to amend 
the three Commission Delegated Regulations on the clearing obligation under EMIR. The ESAs have 
developed the draft RTS on bilateral margining under Article 11(15) of EMIR, while ESMA has

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
10 
 
 
developed the draft RTS on the clearing obligation under Article 5(2) of EMIR. Both the new draft RTS 
have been submitted to the European Commission for endorsement in the form of a Commission 
Delegated Regulation. 
In respect of any derivative transactions entered into with an in scope Swap Counterparty, such 
transactions will also be subject to EMIR as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of section 3 of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (as amended from time to time) (including the 
amendments made to EMIR pursuant to section 8 of the EUWA and the regulations made thereunder). 
(i) 
Derivatives – Additional Termination Events 
Swaps may be terminated under a regulation-out additional termination event (a “Regulatory Event”) 
as and to the extent specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms and Obligation Documents 
if, due to any change in law or regulation that creates a materially increased cost to enter into, maintain 
or hedge any issuance of Notes by the relevant Issuer, is materially increased, either because of 
increased margin requirements or otherwise, or it is impossible or impracticable to do any of the 
aforementioned.  Any such termination could result in an investor’s Notes decreasing significantly in 
value at a time that is disadvantageous to the Noteholder.  If the Regulatory Event is not exercised and 
the relevant regulatory provisions (e.g. margining or clearing) are complied with there could nonetheless 
be increased costs; this could result in an investor’s Notes decreasing significantly in value at an 
inopportune time for the Noteholder. 
Given the potential use of swaps by the Issuers, investors are urged to consult their own advisors 
regarding the suitability of an investment in any Notes under the Programme in light of this uncertainty. 
Additionally, and to the extent any given Series contains a Regulatory Event right, investors in that 
Series must carefully consider the consequences that may result from its exercise and make their own 
determinations in consultation with their own advisors regarding an investment in any Notes under the 
Programme. 
(j) 
AIFMD 
EU Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (“AIFMD”) required EU Member 
States to implement its respective provisions by 22 July 2013. The AIFMD provides, among other 
things, that all alternative investment funds (“AIFs”) must have a designated alternative investment 
fund manager (“AIFM”) with responsibility for portfolio and risk management. Article 2(3)(g) provides 
for an exemption from the definition of AIF in respect of SSPEs (the “SSPE Exemption”). In addition, 
with respect to Premium Green PLC and PREMIUM Plus p.l.c. and any other Issuer incorporated in 
Ireland, the Central Bank of Ireland issued guidance on entities that it considers to be outside the 
provisions of AIFMD and Premium Green PLC and PREMIUM Plus p.l.c. fall within such categories. 
However, in providing such guidance, the Central Bank of Ireland has referred to the possibility that 
ESMA may, in due course, provide additional guidance on the types of structures, which will be 
considered AIFs, and the meaning of the SSPE Exemption under the AIFMD. 
If the AIFMD were to apply to the Issuers, any investment manager or collateral manager under the 
relevant agreement would need to be appropriately regulated. The relevant Issuer would also be 
classified as a “financial counterparty” under EMIR and may be required to comply with clearing 
obligations or other risk mitigation techniques with respect to Swap Agreements including the clearing 
obligation, the reporting obligation and the margin posting requirement. See also “EMIR” above. In 
addition, the AIFMD would entail several consequences for the relevant Issuer, notably: 
(i) 
the relevant Issuer would have to appoint a duly licensed AIFM (the “Issuer AIFM”); 
(ii) 
the relevant Issuer AIFM would have to implement procedures in order to identify, prevent, 
manage, monitor and disclose conflict of interests; 
(iii) 
adequate risk management systems would need to be implemented by the relevant Issuer AIFM 
to identify, measure, manage and monitor appropriately all risks relevant to the relevant Issuer’s 
investment strategy and to which the relevant Issuer is or can be exposed (including appropriate 
stress testing procedures);

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
11 
 
 
(iv) 
valuation procedures would need to be designed at the relevant Issuer level; 
(v) 
a depositary would have to be appointed in relation to the relevant Issuer’s assets; and 
(vi) 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Issuer AIFM would be subject to certain reporting and 
disclosure obligations. 
From the relevant Issuer’s perspective, if the relevant Issuer were considered to be an AIF and could 
not benefit from the SSPE Exemption or any other exemption, the AIFMD would require any 
investment manager or collateral manager under the relevant agreement and/or the relevant Issuer to 
seek authorisation to become an AIFM under the AIFMD. If any investment manager or collateral 
manager under the relevant agreement or the relevant Issuer were to fail to, or be unable to, obtain such 
authorisation, any investment manager or collateral manager under the relevant agreement may not be 
able to continue to manage the relevant Issuer’s assets, or its ability to do so may be impaired. Any 
regulatory change arising from implementation of the AIFMD (or otherwise) that impairs the ability of 
any investment manager or collateral manager under the relevant agreement to manage the relevant 
Issuer’s assets may adversely affect the relevant Issuer’s ability to carry out its investment strategy and 
achieve its investment objective. 
The Conditions of the Notes allow the Trustee, without the consent of any of the Noteholders, to concur 
with the relevant Issuer in the making of modifications to the Transaction Documents and/or the 
Conditions of the Notes to comply with the requirements of the AIFMD, which may become applicable 
at a future date. 
AIFMD continues to form part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA as amended by the 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, subject to some 
changes required to reflect the UK’s new position outside the EU. 
(k) 
Title Transfer Collateral Arrangements and reuse of Collateral Securities 
An Issuer may enter into one or more “title transfer collateral arrangements” (as defined in Article 
2(1)(b) of Directive 2002/47/EC) (the “Financial Collateral Arrangements Directive”) with one or 
more counterparties in connection with any Series of Notes, as specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms (such arrangement a “Title Transfer Collateral Arrangement” and each such counterparty a 
“Title Transfer Collateral Counterparty”).  Such Title Transfer Collateral Arrangements could 
include standard agreements entered into between an Issuer and a Title Transfer Collateral 
Counterparty, such as a credit support annex, a repurchase agreement or a securities lending agreement. 
Under Article 15 of the directly applicable Regulation (EU) 2015/2365 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 25 November 2015 on transparency of securities financing transactions and of reuse 
and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (as amended or superseded, the “SFTR”), the transferee 
under any Title Transfer Collateral Arrangement is required to inform the transferor of the risks and 
consequences that may be involved under such Title Transfer Collateral Arrangement.  Such risks are 
described below and will affect the holders of the Notes insofar as they affect an Issuer’s rights against 
the relevant Title Transfer Collateral Counterparty. 
The rights, including any proprietary rights, that an Issuer has in the Underlying Assets transferred to a 
Title Transfer Collateral Counterparty will be replaced by an unsecured contractual claim for redelivery 
of equivalent Underlying Assets, subject to the terms of the Title Transfer Collateral Arrangement.  The 
Title Transfer Collateral Counterparty is not under any restrictions on what it does with the securities 
transferred and may sell or otherwise dispose of them.  If the Title Transfer Collateral Counterparty 
becomes insolvent or otherwise defaults under the Title Transfer Collateral Arrangement, an Issuer’s 
claim for redelivery of equivalent Underlying Assets will not be secured. 
Similarly, the Title Transfer Collateral Counterparty will lose the rights, including any proprietary 
rights, in any collateral it transfers to an Issuer.  An Issuer will usually grant security over such collateral 
in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and other creditors. 
In each case, the transferor will lose its voting rights in any securities transferred as collateral under a 
Title Transfer Collateral Arrangement.  Furthermore, the transferee may not be required to notify the

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
12 
 
 
transferor of any notifications sent by an issuer of the securities transferred, which could include any 
corporate actions. 
Following the financial crisis, regulatory authorities worldwide have been implementing measures for 
the orderly resolution of failing firms, particularly banks.  In the European Union, the main framework 
legislation for the resolution of banks is the BRRD, as amended by the BRRD II (each as defined in the 
Risk Factor entitled “Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive” below). If the Title Transfer Collateral 
Counterparty is subject to a resolution process, then the relevant resolution authority may among other 
measures impose a stay or other restriction on an Issuer’s rights to terminate the Title Transfer Collateral 
Arrangement and enforce the relevant close-out provisions.  This may affect an Issuer’s ability (or that 
of any agent or the Trustee acting on its behalf) to enforce timely termination of any Credit Support 
Document and/or any other relevant agreement between itself and the relevant counterparty(ies) and 
consequently the recovery of any amounts due thereunder. For more information, see the Risk Factor 
entitled “Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive” below. 
SFTR and the Financial Collateral Arrangements Directive continue to form part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA as amended, respectively, by the Securities Financing Transactions, 
Securitisation and Miscellaneous Amendments (EU Exit) Regulations 2020 and the Financial Markets 
and Insolvency (Amendment and Transitional Provision) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, as amended, 
subject to certain changes required to reflect the UK’s new position outside the EU. 
(l) 
No Registration under Investment Company Act 
None of the Issuers have been and will be registered with the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the “SEC”) as an investment company pursuant to the Investment Company Act. 
If the SEC or a court of competent jurisdiction were to find that any Issuer was required, but in violation 
of the Investment Company Act had failed, to register as an investment company, possible consequences 
include, but are not limited to, the following:  (a) the SEC could apply to a district court to seek civil 
penalties for such violation; and (b) any contract to which the Issuer is party that is made in, or whose 
performance involves a, violation of the Investment Company Act or any rule or regulation thereunder 
would be unenforceable by any party to the contract unless a court were to find that under the 
circumstances enforcement would produce a more equitable result than non-enforcement and would not 
be inconsistent with the purposes of the Investment Company Act.  Should any Issuer be subjected to 
any or all of the foregoing, such Issuer would be materially and adversely affected. 
(m) 
Change of law 
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
Title VII of the United States Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act enacted 
on 21 July 2010 (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) amended both the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936 (as 
amended, the “CEA”) and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended, the “Exchange Act”) and 
established a comprehensive regulatory regime for swaps, security-based swaps and mixed swaps 
(collectively referred to in this risk factor as “swaps”).  This regime is both broad and far-reaching.  
Among other things, Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act provides the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (the “CFTC”) and the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) with jurisdiction 
and regulatory authority over a wide array of different types of swaps that are traded over the counter, 
established a comprehensive registration and regulatory framework applicable to dealers and other 
major market participants in swaps, requires many types of swaps to be exchange-traded or executed 
on contract markets or on swap execution facilities and cleared through central clearinghouses, 
mandates the reporting of material terms of swaps to swap data repositories and the public reporting of 
certain pricing information, and imposes capital and margin requirements for swaps. 
Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act requires extensive rulemaking by regulatory authorities, in particular 
the CFTC and the SEC.  Whilst the CFTC has adopted almost all the regulations under Title VII of the 
Dodd-Frank Act and that the obligations under those regulations have become effective, the SEC is 
behind the CFTC and a number of its rules are not yet in effect.  As a result of the requirements of Title 
VII of the Dodd-Frank Act and the adoption of regulations thereunder, it is clear that market

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
13 
 
 
participants, including dealers, other major market participants, as well as end users of swaps will be 
subject to new and/or additional regulatory requirements, compliance burdens and associated costs.  
They may also face restrictions and limitations on trading of certain swaps. 
Current and future legislation, CFTC and SEC rulemaking and other regulatory developments may 
impact the regulatory treatment of the Programme in the United States, including with respect to 
classification, regulatory oversight, and swap clearing, margining and execution.  Notwithstanding 
certain contractual restrictions that have been imposed on the Issuers in order to fall outside the scope 
of the Dodd-Frank Act, there is no assurance that the transactions entered into under the Programme 
would not be subject to the CEA or the Exchange Act, in each case, as amended by Title VII of the 
Dodd-Frank Act, and subject to the SEC’s and/or the CFTC’s regulatory authority.  The Issuers cannot 
be certain as to how these regulatory developments will impact the treatment under applicable law of 
the Programme or any one or more Series or Tranches of Notes issued or other Obligations created or 
incurred under the Programme. 
Risks relating to U.S. Commodity Pool Regulation 
The Dodd-Frank Act expanded the definition of “commodity pool” to include any form of enterprise 
operated for the purpose of trading in commodity interests, including swaps. It should also be noted that 
the definition of “swap” under the CEA, as amended by the Dodd-Frank Act, is itself broad and 
expressly includes certain interest rate swaps, currency swaps and total return swaps. The term 
“commodity pool operator” was also expanded to include any person engaged in a business that is of 
the nature of a commodity pool or similar enterprise and in connection therewith, solicits, accepts, or 
receives from others, funds, securities or property for the purpose of trading in commodity interests, 
including any swaps. The CFTC has taken an expansive interpretation of these definitions, and has 
expressed the view that entering into a single swap could make an entity a “commodity pool” subject 
to regulation under the CEA. The CFTC has also provided extensive exemptive relief in respect of these 
matters although there is no guarantee that all or any aspects of the Programme will be able to take 
advantage of such relief. 
Certain Series under the Programme are very likely to be deemed to have elements that are swaps under 
Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act.  As a result, one or more of the Issuers could, notwithstanding certain 
contractual restrictions that have been imposed by the Issuer in order to fall outside the scope of the 
Dodd-Frank Act, be considered a commodity pool and entities related to the Issuers or advisors of the 
Issuers could be required to register as a commodity pool operator and/or as a commodity trading 
advisor with the CFTC through the National Futures Association.  Such additional registrations may 
result in increased reporting obligations as well as extraordinary, non-recurring expenses of the Issuers 
thereby materially and adversely impacting the value of investments in Series of the Issuers.  Any such 
additional registration requirements and burdens could result in one or more service providers or 
counterparties to the relevant Issuer resigning, seeking to withdraw or renegotiating their relationship 
with such relevant Issuer.  To the extent any service providers resign it may be difficult or impracticable 
to replace such service providers. 
Risks relating to U.S. Volcker Rule 
Another potential consequence of the CFTC’s expansive interpretation of commodity pool and related 
definitions is presented under section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act (the “Volcker Rule”). Section 619, 
which became effective on 21 July 2012, prohibits a banking entity from acquiring or retaining an 
ownership interest in or sponsoring any hedge fund or private equity fund (“covered fund”), except 
under certain limited circumstances.  A rule (“Original Rule”) to implement the Volcker Rule was 
adopted jointly by the CFTC and the other US financial regulatory agencies (“Agencies”) on 10 
December 2013.  The Agencies issued two amendments to the Original Rule (“Amended Rule”) 
effective 1 January 2020 and 1 October 2020, among other things, to implement guidance previously 
issued by the Agencies in respect of certain exemptions applicable to covered funds and to add 
exclusions and other changes to the covered fund provisions of the Original Rule, including to so-called 
“Super 23A” provisions. The Amended Rule defines a “covered fund” to include certain commodity 
pools as defined in the CEA that are deemed to operate in a manner similar to a private equity fund or 
hedge fund.  A collective investment vehicle that meets the definition of commodity pool as defined in 
the CEA is a covered fund for purposes of the Amended Rule if either (a) the CPO operator has claimed

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
14 
 
 
an exemption under certain of the CFTC rules or (b) the commodity pool participation units are offered 
by a CPO registered with the CFTC, have not been publicly offered to persons who are not “qualified 
eligible persons” as defined by CFTC regulations and are substantially owned only by qualified eligible 
persons. If the relevant Issuer is deemed to be a commodity pool required to register with the CFTC, 
then the relevant Issuer would be a covered fund subject to the Volcker Rule as implemented by the 
Amended Rule, including the so-called “Super 23A” provisions, if the Notes are offered only to 
qualified eligible persons and held substantially by qualified eligible persons. The Amended Rule also 
defines a “covered fund” to include any company that would be an investment company but for the 
exemption from registration under section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act. Among 
other things, the Amended Rule clarifies the definition of “ownership interest” to exclude certain senior 
loans, senior debt, and other debt interests with certain creditor rights, expands the securitizations and 
other structures that are excluded from the definition of a covered fund, and excludes certain 
transactions between a banking entity and a related covered fund from the prohibition on covered 
transactions under the Super 23A provisions of the Volcker Rule. 
Due to the different treatment of U.S. banking entities versus non-U.S. banking entities under the 
Volcker Rule, a banking entity that is a U.S. banking entity may generally be prohibited from 
maintaining an ownership interest in a relevant Issuer that is a covered fund other than as permitted 
under the Volcker Rule’s “organising and offering” exemption. By contrast, a non-U.S. banking 
organisation that is a banking entity may generally be permitted to hold an interest in a relevant Issuer 
that is a covered fund to the extent that such interest meets the requirements of the Volcker Rule 
permitted activity exemption for investments in covered funds by foreign banking entities. 
No assurance can be made as to the effect of the Volcker Rule, including the Original Rule and the 
Amended Rule, on the ability or desire of investors subject to the Volcker Rule to invest in or to continue 
to hold Notes. As a result, no assurance can be made that the Volcker Rule as currently implemented 
will not adversely affect the market value or liquidity of any or all of the Notes. 
Any entity that is a “banking entity” as defined under the Volcker Rule and is considering an investment 
in the Notes is urged to consult its own advisors regarding the suitability of an investment in any Notes 
under the Programme and the potential impact of the Volcker Rule in respect of such investment and 
on its portfolio generally. 
In addition any banking entity deemed to be a “sponsor” of the relevant Issuer would be subject to the 
Volcker Rule, including the implementing Original Rule and Amended Rule. The Amended Rule 
defines a “sponsor” to include any entity that serves as a general partner, managing member, trustee or 
CPO of a covered fund, in any manner controls a majority of the directors, trustees or management of 
a covered fund or shares the same name or variation thereof with the covered fund for corporate 
marketing, promotional or other purposes.  A “sponsor” of a covered fund that is a banking entity may 
rely on the Volcker Rule permitted activity exemption for organising and offering a covered fund 
provided that each of the requirements for such permitted activity is met. The organising and offering 
exemption permits a banking entity to sponsor a covered fund, make an initial seeding period investment 
in the covered fund and retain a de minimis investment in the covered fund following the end of the 
seeding period. The organising and offering exemption, however, would not be available if the covered 
fund shares the same name or a variation of the same name with a banking entity, except that a covered 
fund may share the same name or a variation of the same name with a banking entity that is an 
investment adviser to the covered fund if the investment adviser (a) is not or does not control an insured 
depository institution and is not a non-US bank or other company that is treated as a bank holding 
company and (b) does not share the same name or a variation of the same name as an insured depository 
institution, a company that controls an insured depository institution or a non-US company that is treated 
as a bank holding company. 
Therefore, a banking entity, other than an investment adviser meeting the criteria specified, that shares 
the same name or a variation of that name with a covered fund would not be able to make any investment 
in the covered fund in reliance on the organising and offering exemption. 
The Volcker Rule and any similar measures introduced in another relevant jurisdiction may restrict the 
ability of relevant prospective purchasers to invest in the Notes and, in addition, may have a negative 
impact on the price and liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market.  Each investor is responsible for

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
15 
 
 
analysing its own position under the Volcker Rule and any other similar measures and none of the 
Issuer, the Trustee, the Arranger or the Dealers and their respective affiliates makes any representation 
regarding such position, including with respect to the ability of any investor to acquire or hold the Notes, 
now or at any time in the future, in compliance with the Volcker Rule and any other applicable laws. 
2. 
Risks relating to the Notes Generally 
(a) 
LIBOR and EURIBOR Reform 
Regulation 2016/1011/EU (the “EU Benchmark Regulation”) entered into force on 30 June 2016. It 
is directly applicable law across the EU. The majority of its provisions did not, however, apply until 1 
January 2018. The EU Benchmark Regulation has been incorporated into UK Law by the EUWA, 
subject to amendments made by the Benchmarks (Amendment and Transitional Provision (EU Exit) 
Regulations 2019) (as amended, the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”). 
By way of Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1147/EU made on 28 June 2017 and 
Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2017/2446 made on 19 December 2017, the London 
Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) and the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) were each 
identified as a “critical benchmark” for the purposes of the EU Benchmark Regulation. In February 
2019, the European Parliament and the Council reached agreement on the Commission’s proposal to 
extend the transition regime under the Benchmarks Regulation for critical and third-country 
benchmarks until the end of 2021. 
Benchmarks such as LIBOR or EURIBOR may be discontinued if they do not comply with the 
requirements of the EU Benchmark Regulation, or if the administrator of the benchmark either fails to 
apply for authorisation or is refused authorisation by its home regulator. On 2 July 2019, the European 
Money Markets Institute, administrator for EURIBOR, was granted authorisation under the EU 
Benchmark Regulation by the Financial Services and Markets Authority of Belgium. Consequently, 
EURIBOR is at this point considered compliant with the EU Benchmark Regulation. It should be noted 
however that this does not mean that EURIBOR will remain a representative measure if markets evolve 
so that, for example, there are very few trades in the borrowing market on which panel banks can base 
their submissions. The Working Group on Euro Risk-Free Rates has cautioned in a factsheet on 
EURIBOR fallbacks published in March 2020 that benchmarks are subject to the risk of disruption or 
future discontinuation. 
Potential effects of the EU Benchmark Regulation include (among other things): 
(i) 
an index which is a “benchmark” could not be used by a supervised entity in certain ways if its 
administrator does not obtain authorisation or, if based in a non-EU jurisdiction, the 
administrator is not otherwise recognised as equivalent or is endorsed by an EU authorised 
entity; and 
(ii) 
the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” could be changed in order to comply with 
the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could (among other things) have 
the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level of the benchmark. 
Investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
any of the international, national or other measures or proposals for reform, or general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks” (including LIBOR and EURIBOR) could have a material 
adverse effect on the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may 
have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate 
in certain “benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain 
“benchmarks” or lead to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”; 
(ii) 
any of these changes or any other changes could affect the level of the published rate, including 
to cause it to be lower and/or more volatile than it would otherwise be;

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
16 
 
 
(iii) 
if the applicable rate of interest on any Note, Underlying Asset, Swap Agreement, Securities 
Lending Agreement or Repurchase Agreement is calculated with reference to a benchmark (or 
currency or tenor) which is discontinued: (A) such rate of interest will then be determined by 
the provisions of the affected Note (see Condition 6(p) (Benchmark Provisions)), Underlying 
Asset, Swap Agreement, Securities Lending Agreement or Repurchase Agreement, which may 
include determination by the Calculation Agent or other relevant calculation agent in its 
discretion; and (B) there may be a mismatch between the replacement rate of interest applicable 
to the affected Note, Underlying Asset, Swap Agreement, Securities Lending Agreement and/or 
Repurchase Agreement. This could lead to the Issuer receiving amounts from an affected 
Underlying Asset, Swap Agreement, Securities Lending Agreement or Repurchase Agreement, 
which are insufficient to make the due payment under a Swap Agreement, Securities Lending 
Agreement or Repurchase Agreement or the Notes, and potential termination of a Swap 
Agreement, Securities Lending Agreement or Repurchase Agreement or early redemption of 
the Notes; 
(iv) 
in general, fallback mechanisms which may govern the determination of interest rates where a 
benchmark rate is not available (such as those described in paragraph (iii) immediately above) 
may not be suitable for long term use; 
(v) 
the administrator of a relevant benchmark may take any actions in respect of such benchmark 
without regard to the effect of such actions on the Notes; and 
(vi) 
the Calculation Agent or other relevant calculation agent may have discretion to make a number 
of determinations in respect of the fallback mechanisms under the affected Note, Underlying 
Asset, Swap Agreement, Securities Lending Agreement or Repurchase Agreement, including 
but not limited, the replacement of the relevant benchmark rate and the adjustment of the 
relevant spread. 
On 23 October 2020, the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) published (i) 
a supplement to the 2006 ISDA Definitions (the “IBOR Fallbacks Supplement”) and (ii) the ISDA 
2020 IBOR Fallbacks Protocol (the “IBOR Fallbacks Protocol”) each of which became effective on 
25 January 2021. The IBOR Fallbacks Supplement amends the 2006 ISDA Definitions (the “ISDA 
Definitions”) with respect to various interbank offered rates (“IBORs”) (such as EURIBOR or LIBOR) 
so that new derivatives transactions that incorporate the ISDA Definitions will “fall back” to alternative 
reference rates upon the occurrence of certain specified events, including a permanent cessation of the 
relevant IBOR. The IBOR Fallbacks Protocol will enable adhering parties to implement these fallbacks 
into the terms of legacy transactions. 
In relation to the ISDA Definitions, the specific fallbacks in the IBOR Fallbacks Supplement and IBOR 
Fallbacks Protocol will take precedence over the more generic provisions in the ISDA Benchmarks 
Supplement (the “ISDA Benchmarks Supplement”) as published by ISDA on 19 September 2018 
(constituting “priority fallbacks” thereunder). As benchmark transition continues to evolve, ISDA is 
continuing to develop and publish further supplements to the ISDA Definitions which could affect the 
fallback rates which could be applied to the Notes and/or any Related Agreement. 
Noteholders should be aware that each Swap Agreement will incorporate the ISDA Benchmarks 
Supplement unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. The ISDA Benchmarks 
Supplement enables parties to specify fallbacks if a “Benchmark Trigger Event” occurs with respect to 
a “Relevant Benchmark” (including LIBOR or EURIBOR) (each term as defined in the ISDA 
Benchmarks Supplement) used in a relevant transaction. 
A Benchmark Trigger Event means each of: 
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the relevant 
benchmark announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the relevant benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely (provided there is no successor administrator), or another event which 
constitutes an “Index Cessation Event” (as defined in the ISDA Benchmarks Supplement); and

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
17 
 
 
(b) delivery of a notice by one party to the transaction specifying (and citing publicly available 
information) that any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the relevant benchmark or the 
administrator of the relevant benchmark has not been obtained or as been, or will be, rejected, 
refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body 
(i.e. an “Administrator/Benchmark Event”). 
Upon the occurrence of a “Benchmark Trigger Event”, assuming no priority fallback is provided for in 
the definition of the relevant benchmark itself by way of the IBOR Fallbacks Supplement or otherwise, 
then unless otherwise agreed, the parties shall be required to use commercially reasonable effort to 
apply an “Alternative Continuation Fallback”, being (in the following order of priority): (i) agreement 
between the parties, (ii) application of any alternative pre-nominated index (identified by the parties to 
the transaction), (iii) application of any post-nominated index (formally designated, nominated or 
recommended by a relevant nominating body or the administrator or sponsor of the benchmark), and 
(iv) application of a calculation agent nominated replacement index (in each case, with the potential for 
adjustment payments or spreads being applied to the relevant swap transaction). Noteholders should be 
aware that the Calculation Agent has material discretion to make determinations under the ISDA 
Benchmarks Supplement, including in relation to any adjustment payments or spreads. 
If no continuation amendment can be made under any of the alternative continuation fallbacks provided 
for in the ISDA Benchmarks Supplement, then by close of business on the applicable cut-off date, there 
shall be an additional termination event in respect of each affected transaction on the basis that both 
parties shall be “Affected Parties”. 
On June 11, 2021, ISDA published the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (the “ISDA 
2021 Definitions”). The ISDA 2021 Definitions are intended to replace the ISDA Definitions and to 
become the market standard ISDA definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives from the “go live” 
date of 4 October 2021. The ISDA 2021 Definitions include certain material changes from the ISDA 
Definitions. These include, without limitation, the following: (i) new cash settlement methodologies 
have been included which replace certain methodologies from the ISDA Definitions; (ii) floating rate 
options will now be set out in a floating rate matrix rather than in the main body of the definitional 
booklet; (iii) benchmark fallback provisions based on those from the IBOR Fallbacks Supplement and 
the ISDA Benchmarks Supplement have been incorporated; and (iv) the provisions relating to the 
actions and determinations of the calculation agent, the selection of reference dealers and procurement 
of quotations have been updated. To the extent the ISDA 2021 Definitions are referenced in any Notes 
or Related Agreements, investors should be aware that the ISDA 2021 Definitions may materially differ 
from the ISDA Definitions and could affect, without limitation, the amounts due in respect of the Notes, 
the Underlying Assets and/or Related Agreements, the methodology for determining any mismatch risk 
between the amounts due under the Notes, the Underlying Assets and the Related Agreement and the 
benchmark fallbacks which may apply in respect of the Notes, the Underlying Assets and the Related 
Agreement. 
In June 2017, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the 
“ARRC”) announced the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) as a recommended alternative 
for USD-LIBOR, and the Bank of England has coordinated a market led working group to transition 
from GBP-LIBOR and the proposed replacement “risk free rate” is a reformed Sterling Overnight 
Interbank Rate (“SONIA”). The use of SOFR or SONIA as a reference rate is nascent and is subject to 
change and development, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and 
adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of notes referencing such rates. The 
market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SOFR or SONIA that differs 
significantly from their application as at the time of this Base Prospectus. It is also not clear how SOFR 
and SONIA may be adopted or applied in the derivatives market, and how this would differ from its 
application in (for example) the bond or cash markets. It is important to highlight in particular that any 
industry or other solutions to address the risks associated with a permanent discontinuation of widely 
used IBORs may result in the migration of contracts referencing IBORs to alternative benchmarks, 
require the payment of adjustment spreads or potentially result in divergent provisions applying as 
between any Notes linked to such an IBOR and any related instruments or arrangements as outlined 
above.

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
18 
 
 
On 5 March 2021, the FCA announced that all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any 
benchmark administrator, or no longer be representative, immediately after 31 December 2021 for all 
GBP, EUR, CHF and JPY LIBOR settings and one-week and two-month USD LIBOR settings, and 
immediately after 30 June 2023 for the remaining USD LIBOR settings, including one-month USD 
LIBOR.  Separately, the Financial Services Act 2021 was introduced in the House of Commons on 21 
October 2020 and received Royal Assent on 29 April 2021 (the “Financial Services Act”). It has 
amended the UK Benchmarks Regulation to give the FCA additional powers to facilitate the 
winding-down of critical benchmarks, such as LIBOR currency/tenor pairings.  These powers include 
the power to “designate” a critical benchmark and if so “designated,” the FCA will have a number of 
additional powers including (a) the power to alter the methodology by which that critical benchmark is 
determined and (b) the ability to permit UK regulated persons to continue to use the “designated” 
benchmark in certain existing LIBOR-linked contracts (referred to as “tough legacy contracts”) for a 
certain period of time after such designation is made (subject to annual review).  The power to permit 
UK regulated persons to continue to use a “designated” LIBOR rate in tough legacy contracts, although 
limited in its jurisdictional scope to UK persons regulated by the FCA, may be applied irrespective of 
the currency/tenor pairing and may have a general impact on investments referencing LIBOR. 
It is not possible to predict the effect of any such changes or any implementation of alternative reference 
rates with any certainty but such changes or alternative reference rates may have a material adverse 
effect on the value and/or liquidity of such Notes or on the tax treatment of the Notes or any payments 
made by any party in connection with the Notes. 
Noteholders should also be aware that the Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or holders 
of other Obligations, agree with the Swap Counterparty to amend the Swap Agreement, with the 
Repurchase Counterparty to amend the Repurchase Agreement and with the Securities Lending 
Counterparty 
to 
amend 
the 
Securities 
Lending 
Agreement 
(such 
amendments, 
the 
“Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments”), provided that: 
(i) 
the purpose and effect of the Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments are to: 
(A) 
ensure that the Issuer’s payment obligations thereunder match any amounts receivable 
by the Issuer under the Underlying Assets, including (but not limited to) following the 
addition of Further Underlying Assets in respect of further Notes issued pursuant to 
Condition 1(c) (Fungible Tranches of Notes comprising a Series) or the substitution of 
the Underlying Assets pursuant to Condition 4(e) (Substitution of Underlying Assets); 
or 
(B) 
ensure that the Swap Counterparty’s, the Repurchase Counterparty’s or the Securities 
Lending Counterparty’s (as the case may be) payment obligations thereunder match 
any amounts payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes or other Obligations, 
including (but not limited to) following (I) the making of any amendment in respect of 
the Notes pursuant to Condition 6(p) (Benchmark Provisions), (II) the making of any 
Underlying Asset Disruption Event Amendments in respect of the Notes or other 
Obligations pursuant to Condition 6(q) (Occurrence of an Underlying Asset Disruption 
Event), (III) the issue of further Notes pursuant to Condition 1(c) (Fungible Tranches 
of Notes comprising a Series), or (IV) the substitution of the Underlying Assets 
pursuant to Condition 4(e) (Substitution of Underlying Assets). 
(b) 
Taxation/No gross-up/No Legal and Tax Advice 
Holders of the Notes will not be entitled to receive any additional amounts to compensate them for any 
tax, assessment or charge required to be withheld or deducted from payments in respect of the Notes by 
any of the Issuers or any Paying Agents or suffered by any of the Issuers in respect of its income or 
otherwise from the Charged Assets or payments under a Swap Agreement, a Repurchase Agreement 
and/or a Securities Lending Agreement (including the receipt by any of the Issuers of such income or 
payments after deduction on account of tax or after deduction on account of a higher rate of tax) or any 
tax, assessment or charge suffered by any of the Issuers and none of the Issuers can arrange for its 
substitution as principal debtor under the Notes.

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
19 
 
 
Such tax, assessment or charge may be difficult to ascertain without professional legal and tax advice. 
A Noteholder’s effective yield on the Notes may be diminished by the tax on that Noteholder of its 
investment in the Notes. 
(c) 
U.S. Risk Retention 
The Dodd-Frank Act increases the regulation of the securitisation markets. On 21 October 2014, the 
final rules implementing the credit risk retention requirements of Section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Act 
(the “U.S. Risk Retention Rules”) were issued. Except with respect to asset-backed securities 
transactions that satisfy certain exemptions, the U.S. Risk Retention Rules generally require sponsors 
of asset-backed securities to retain not less than 5% of the credit risk of the assets collateralising 
asset-backed securities. The U.S. Risk Retention Rules became effective on 24 December 2016 with 
respect to asset-backed securities collateralised by assets other than residential mortgages. However, 
the U.S. Risk Retention Rules are complex, and there is little to no guidance available from the 
regulators with respect thereto. The Notes may be subject to the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. The Notes 
will not be sold into the United States of America or to U.S. persons unless the U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules are complied with or an exemption from such rules is available and there is no assurance that 
either would be possible. To the extent any Series of Notes is subject to such U.S. Risk Retention Rules 
the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other party that would be required to retain such risk may 
be unable to do so. A failure to be in compliance with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules could subject the 
Issuer or its affiliates to penalties and may adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to pay the principal 
of, and interest on, the Notes. 
(d) 
The United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union 
On 31 January 2020, the United Kingdom (the “UK”) left the EU (“Brexit”). Immediately following 
Brexit, a transition period came into effect which ended on 31 December 2020 (the “Transition 
Period”). On 24 December 2020, the EU and the UK announced the terms of a trade deal which took 
provisional effect immediately following the end of the Transition Period (the “Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement”). Brexit, the end of the Transition Period and the Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement may adversely affect economic and market conditions in the EU, the UK and elsewhere, 
and may also contribute to uncertainty and instability in global financial markets. No assurance can be 
given that such matters will not adversely affect the market value of the Notes and/or the ability of the 
Issuers to satisfy their obligations under the Notes and/or the ability of any Swap Counterparty, 
Repurchase Counterparty or Securities Lending Counterparty and the issuers or obligors of the 
Underlying Asset to perform their respective obligations. 
Applicability of EU law in the UK 
As at the end of the Transition Period, the UK has largely incorporated existing EU law into UK law. 
This “on-shoring” process of EU legislation was set out in the EUWA, which received Royal Assent on 
26 June 2018. 
As a result of this on-shoring process, the current position is that UK financial services law broadly 
aligns with EU law (particularly with regard to the operation of financial markets, the provision of 
financial services, prudential and conduct regulation of financial institutions, financial collateral, 
settlement finality and market infrastructure). Depending on the development of the UK’s relationship 
with the EU, substantial divergence from the on-shored EU regulatory framework may occur. It is 
impossible at this time to predict the consequences of potential future changes on the Programme or the 
Issuers’ business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. Such changes could be 
materially detrimental to Noteholders. 
Regulatory risk 
Under the EU single market directives, mutual access rights to markets and market infrastructure exist 
across the EU and the mutual recognition of insolvency, bank recovery and resolution regimes applies. 
In addition, regulated entities licensed or authorised in one EEA jurisdiction under a single market 
directive may operate on a cross-border basis in other EEA countries without the need for a separate 
licence or authorisation. As at the end of the Transition Period, UK regulated entities have lost the right

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
20 
 
 
to passport their services to EEA countries, and EEA entities have lost the right to reciprocal passporting 
into the UK. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement does not allow for a continuation of passporting, 
and it is unclear whether and when the UK and EU will grant regulatory equivalence decisions in order 
to facilitate cross-border financial services. Also, while temporary equivalence decisions have been 
granted by the UK and EU in respect of certain essential market infrastructure (including central 
clearing counterparties and central securities depositories), there is no assurance that UK entities will 
continue to have access rights to market infrastructure across the EU or that the recognition of 
insolvency, bank recovery and resolution regimes across the UK and EU will be mutual. 
The uncertainty arising from loss of access, loss of mutual recognition, and temporary equivalence 
decisions could adversely impact the Issuers and, in particular, the ability of third parties to provide 
services to the Issuers, and could be materially detrimental to Noteholders. 
Market risk 
Following the results of the 2016 Brexit referendum, the financial markets have experienced volatility 
and disruption. It is not possible to predict whether such volatility and disruption will continue, and 
investors should consider the effect thereof on the market for securities such as the Notes. 
Investors should be aware that the developing relationship between the EU and the UK under the Trade 
and Cooperation Agreement and any further negotiations and/or changes to legislation may introduce 
potentially significant new uncertainties and instabilities in the financial markets. The Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement and the developing position post-Brexit could have an adverse impact on the 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of the Issuers, the Programme, and the 
other parties to the Transaction Documents and could therefore also be materially detrimental to 
Noteholders. 
Exposure to counterparties 
The Issuers will be exposed to a number of counterparties throughout the life of the Notes. Investors 
should note that, as a result of Brexit, such counterparties may be unable to perform their obligations 
due to changes in regulation, including the loss of passporting rights or the cost of such transactions 
with such counterparties may increase. In addition, counterparties may be adversely affected by rating 
actions or volatile and illiquid markets (including currency markets and bank funding markets) arising 
from the result of Brexit, therefore increasing the risk that such counterparties may become unable to 
fulfil their obligations. Such inability could adversely impact the Issuers and could be materially 
detrimental to Noteholders. 
(e) 
Limited liquidity 
There is currently no active trading market for any of the Notes being offered hereby, and the Notes are 
subject to restrictions on transfer.  The Notes will be owned by a relatively small number of investors 
and it is highly unlikely that an active secondary market for the Notes will develop.  Purchasers of the 
Notes may find it difficult or uneconomic to liquidate their investment at any particular time, and it may 
be difficult for the Noteholders to determine the value of the Notes at any particular time.  Consequently, 
a purchaser must be prepared to hold the Notes until maturity and any purchaser of the Notes must be 
prepared to hold such Notes for an indefinite period of time or until final maturity.  Moreover, the 
limited scope of information available to each of the Issuers, the Trustee and the Noteholders regarding 
each obligor of the Charged Assets or any Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entity, as applicable) 
and the nature of any Credit Event, including uncertainty as to the extent of any reduction to be applied 
to the aggregate outstanding Principal Amount of a Series of Notes if a Credit Event has occurred and 
the conditions to settlement have been satisfied but the amount of the relevant reduction in the aggregate 
outstanding Principal Amount has not been determined, may further affect the liquidity of the Notes. 
(f) 
Risks related to the market generally 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
21 
 
 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified 
Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due 
to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease 
(1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value 
of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the 
Notes. 
The occurrence of certain events such as the imposition or modification of exchange controls by 
governments or monetary authorities may result in the inconvertibility and/or non-transferability of 
relevant currencies or otherwise adversely affect an applicable exchange rate.  As a result, investors 
may receive less interest or principal under the Notes than expected, or no interest or principal under 
the Notes. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in fixed rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the fixed rate Notes. 
Interest income on floating rate Notes cannot be anticipated.  Due to varying interest income, investors 
are not able to determine a definite yield on the floating rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so 
that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest 
periods. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes.  The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed 
above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
During its holding of a Note, a Noteholder should take such steps as it considers necessary to evaluate 
the ongoing risks and merits of a continued investment in such Notes.  Such steps should not rely solely 
on ratings.  In particular, prospective investors should not rely solely on downgrades of ratings as 
indicators of deteriorating credit.  Market indicators (such as rising credit default spreads and yield 
spreads with respect to the relevant entity) often indicate significant credit issues prior to any 
downgrade. 
Prospective investors who place too much reliance on ratings, or who do not understand what the rating 
addresses, may be subject to losses as a result. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration 
application is pending.  Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by 
non EU credit rating agencies (such as S&P, Moody’s and Fitch), unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EU registered credit rating agency or the relevant non EU rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, 
has not been withdrawn or suspended).  Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies 
and ratings will be disclosed in the Applicable Transaction Terms, any Swap Agreement, any 
Repurchase Agreement and/or any Securities Lending Agreement. 
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website 
(www.esma.europa.eu) in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status 
of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory 
measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Member States shall lay down the rules on penalties applicable to infringements of the provisions of the

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
22 
 
 
CRA Regulation and shall take all measures necessary to ensure that they are implemented. The 
penalties provided for shall be effective, proportionate and dissuasive (Article 36 CRA Regulation). 
Regulation 1060/2009/EC on credit rating agencies was amended by Regulation 462/2013/EU of 21 
May 2013 (“CRA III”) which entered into force on 20 June 2013. Its provisions increase the regulation 
and supervision of credit rating agencies by ESMA and impose obligations on (among others) issuers 
of securities established in the EU. The requirement under Article 8b of CRA III that the issuer, 
originator and sponsor of structured finance instruments (“SFI”) established in the European Union 
must jointly publish certain information about those SFI on a specified website set up by the ESMA, 
was repealed (subject to certain transitional arrangements) pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 laying down a general framework 
for securitisation and creating a specific framework for simple, transparent and standardised 
securitization (the “Securitisation Regulation”). The related disclosure requirements can now be found 
in Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation. EU Member States have established administrative 
sanctions for cases of negligence or intentional infringement and remedial measures, applicable to 
situations where an originator, sponsor or SSPE has failed to meet the requirements provided for in 
Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation. For example, fines may be levied for not complying with 
Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation. 
With effect from the end of the Transition Period (as to which see “The United Kingdom’s exit from the 
European Union” above), (i) CRA III ceased to be applicable in the UK and (ii) by onshoring the CRA 
III regime with certain amendments, the UK enacted a similar regime (“UK CRA”) which applies to 
credit ratings issued by credit rating agencies registered in the UK. 
The Dodd-Frank Act required that federal banking agencies amend their regulations to remove reference 
to or reliance on credit agency ratings, including but not limited to those found in the federal banking 
agencies’ risk-based capital regulations. Those regulations create alternative methodologies for 
calculating standardised specific risk capital requirements for debt and securitisation positions that are 
not based on credit ratings and may require institutions subject to the risk-based capital regulations to 
take greater capital charges for investments in asset-backed securities like the Notes or otherwise 
adversely affect the treatment of such securities for regulatory capital purposes. 
Market value of the Notes 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer and a 
number of additional factors, including the creditworthiness of any Reference Entity (or Notional 
Reference Entity), the value of any Reference Obligation, the value of the relevant Charged Assets, 
including, but not limited to, the volatility of the relevant Charged Assets. 
The value of the Notes and the relevant Charged Assets depends on a number of interrelated factors, 
including economic, financial and political events in Ireland, France or elsewhere, including factors 
affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes or the Charged Assets 
are listed. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a 
discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser.  
The historical market prices of the relevant Charged Assets should not be taken as an indication of the 
relevant Charged Assets’ future performance during the term of any Note. 
Prospective investors should note that the market value of the Notes is affected by supply and demand 
for the Notes, and that, accordingly, it should not be assumed that there will be a significant correlation 
between such market value and the market value of the Charged Assets or any Reference Entities (or 
Notional Reference Entities, as applicable) or Reference Obligations or obligors of any Charged Assets. 
The value of the Notes may be adversely affected by illiquidity or cessation of indices 
In determining the value of the Notes, dealers may take into account the level of a related credit index 
in addition to or as an alternative to other sources of pricing data.  If any relevant index ceases to be 
liquid, or ceases to be published in its entirety, then the value of the Notes may be adversely affected.

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
23 
 
 
(g) 
Securitisation Regulation 
The Securitisation Regulation has applied to new note issuances since 1 January 2019. It defines 
securitisation and establishes due-diligence, risk-retention and transparency requirements for parties 
involved in securitisations, criteria for credit granting, requirements for selling securitisations to retail 
clients, a ban on re-securitisation, requirements for securitisation special purpose entities (“SSPEs”) as 
well as conditions and procedures for securitisation repositories. Further, it creates a specific framework 
for simple, transparent and standardised (“STS”) securitisations. It applies to institutional investors and 
to originators, sponsors, original lenders and securitisation special purpose entities. 
The Securitisation Regulation replaced the existing risk retention requirements by one single provision, 
Article 6 of the Securitisation Regulation, which provides for a new direct obligation on, inter alios, 
originators to retain risk. Article 5(1)(c) of the Securitisation Regulation requires institutional investors 
(as defined in Article 2(12) of the Securitisation Regulation which term also includes (i) insurance and 
reinsurance undertakings as defined in Directive 2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and the 
Council of 25 November 2009 on the taking-up and pursuit of the business of insurance and reinsurance 
and (ii) alternative investment fund managers as defined in the Commission Delegated Regulation 
231/2013 of 19 December 2012 (as amended)) to verify that, if established in the European Union, the 
originator, sponsor or original lender retains on an ongoing basis a material net economic interest in 
accordance with Article 6 of the Securitisation Regulation and the risk retention is disclosed to the 
institutional investors in accordance with Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation. 
Pursuant to the obligations set forth in Article 7(2) of the Securitisation Regulation, the originator, 
sponsor and the SSPE of a securitisation shall designate amongst themselves one entity to submit the 
information set out in points (a), (b), (d), (e), (f) and (g) of the first subparagraph of Article 7(1) of the 
Securitisation Regulation, which includes the prospectus issued in the context of the offer of notes in a 
securitisation transaction, to a regulated securitisation repository (as set out in Chapter 3 of the 
Securitisation Regulation and the related technical standards as set out in Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2020/1229 published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 3 September 
2020 and have been applicable since 23 September 2020) or, if no such register exists, on a website 
meeting certain safety and operational standards as set out in the Securitisation Regulation. The 
securitisation repository will in turn disclose information on securitisation transactions to the public. 
Although the respective technical standards set out in Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1229 are applicable since 23 September 2020, uncertainty continues to exist as to the nature and 
detail of the information to be published and the manner in which it will need to be published. EU 
Member States shall establish effective, proportionate and dissuasive administrative sanctions for cases 
of negligence or intentional infringement and remedial measures, applicable to situations where an 
originator, sponsor or SSPE has failed to meet the requirements provided for in Article 7 of the 
Securitisation Regulation. Typically, there are monetary fines for not complying with Article 7 of the 
Securitisation Regulation. 
With effect from the end of the Transition Period which came into effect after Brexit (as to which see 
“The United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union” above), (i) the Securitisation Regulation ceased 
to be applicable in the UK, and (ii) the Securitisation Regulation has been enacted as retained direct EU 
law in the UK by virtue of the operation of the EUWA, as amended by the Securitisation (Amendment) 
(EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (SI 2019/660) (the “UK Securitisation Regulation”). The UK 
Securitisation Regulation, in broad terms (and amongst other things), imposes upon relevant 
UK-established or UK-regulated persons certain restrictions and obligations similar in nature to those 
imposed by the Securitisation Regulation as at the end of the Transition Period. However, such 
restrictions and obligations would in certain respects be different to those imposed by the Securitisation 
Regulation, and such differences might, in certain cases, be more onerous for investors, originators and 
other parties. It is possible that the UK Securitisation Regulation may subsequently be amended and 
further diverge from the Securitisation Regulation. 
The secondary legislation relating to the Securitisation Regulation which was in force as at the end of 
the Transition Period has also been enacted with certain amendments in the UK. However, this was not 
the case in respect of interpretative guidance issued by EU regulatory authorities. There remains 
uncertainty as to whether secondary legislation relating to the Securitisation Regulation which was not

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
24 
 
 
in force as at the end of the Transition Period and key interpretative guidance issued by EU regulatory 
authorities in connection with the Securitisation Regulation will also be replicated by UK regulators in 
respect of the UK Securitisation Regulation. 
(h) 
Modification of Certain Documents without Consent of Secured Creditors 
In addition to the above mentioned amendments in respect of any Swap Agreement, Repurchase 
Agreement or Securities Lending Agreement or the terms of the Notes, certain other amendments, 
modifications or waivers may be made in respect of the Transaction Documents or any other documents 
relating to a Series of Notes without the consent of the consent of Secured Creditors. 
These include amendments, modifications or waivers which are required to reflect legal or regulatory 
changes as may be required to comply with certain regulations, including but not limited to EMIR, 
including any amendments, implementing regulation, technical standards and guidance related thereto. 
See Condition 14(a) (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver). 
Any such amendment, modification or waiver could be prejudicial or adverse to Noteholders. 
(i) 
Integral multiples of less than EUR100,000 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of a minimum Authorised 
Denomination of EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) plus higher integral multiples of 
another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of EUR100,000 
(or its equivalent in another currency) that are not integral multiples of EUR100,000 (or its equivalent 
in another currency).  In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a 
principal amount of less than such minimum Authorised Denomination of EUR100,000 will not receive 
a Definitive Note in respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes be printed) and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Authorised 
Denominations. 
(j) 
Financial Transaction Tax 
On 14 February 2013 the European Commission (the “Commission”) published a proposal (the 
“Commission’s Proposal”) for a Directive for a common financial transaction tax (“FTT”) to be 
adopted in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and 
Slovakia (the “Participating Member States”).  However, on 16 March 2016, Estonia completed the 
formalities required to cease participation in FTT. The proposed FTT has very broad scope and could, 
if introduced in its current form, apply to certain dealings in the Notes (including secondary market 
transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
Participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a 
participating member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a Participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a Participating Member State. 
The Commission’s Proposal remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States. 
Certain aspects of the Commission Proposal are controversial and, while the Commission Proposal 
initially identified the date of introduction of the FTT across the Participating Member States as being 
1 January 2014, this anticipated introduction date has been extended on several occasions due to 
disagreement among the Participating Member States regarding a number of key issues concerning the 
scope and application of the FTT. On 10 October 2016, following a meeting of the Finance Ministers 
of the ten remaining Participating Member States, it was reported that an agreement in principle had 
been reached on certain key aspects of the FTT and that the Commission had consequently been asked 
to prepare draft FTT legislation on the basis of that agreement.  However, the details of the FTT remain 
to be agreed and negotiations between Participating Member States on the Commission’s proposal are 
continuing.

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
25 
 
 
Although the Commission’s intention was to assist Participating Member States to reach a compromise 
agreement during the course of 2017, the date of implementation of the FTT remains uncertain and 
additional EU Member States may decide to participate. In December 2019, the German Federal 
Minister of Finance presented his European counterparts with a first draft bill on the Financial 
Transaction Tax. This draft bill initially provides for a tax on share purchases in ten EU Member States. 
In the program for its presidency of the Council of the European Union, for the six months commencing 
1 July 2020, the German government stated its commitment to introducing a “European level” FTT. In 
addition, the European Parliament held discussions in September 2020 regarding the inclusion of the 
FTT as a new revenue stream in its long-term budget. 
It has been reported that, in February 2021, the Portuguese presidency of the Council of the European 
Union, in seeking to move forward a European Union-wide FTT, proposed an inclusive discussion 
amongst Member States to consult on tax design issues of the FTT. 
Noting that the risks posed by the FTT and its potential impact on the Charged Assets, any Related 
Agreement and the Notes is an evolving and complex issue, prospective Noteholders would need to 
seek professional advice in order to ascertain such risks prior to making an investment in the Notes. 
(k) 
Current Economic Climate 
Impact on Liquidity 
Since the global financial crisis began in 2007 and more recently following the outbreak of the 2020 
coronavirus global pandemic (“COVID-19”), the financial markets have suffered from volatile and 
sometimes poor liquidity. 
This has particularly been the case with respect to the market for structured assets such as the Notes and 
the obligations of financial institutions.  Such assets may either not be saleable at all or may only be 
saleable at significant discounts to their estimated fair value or to the amount originally invested.  No 
assurance can be given that liquidity in the market generally, or in the market for any particular asset 
class (including the Notes) or in the obligations of any particular financial institution, will improve or 
that it will not worsen in the future.  Such limited liquidity may have a negative impact on the value of 
the Notes or the value of any Swap Agreement, any Repurchase Agreement, any Securities Lending 
Agreement and/or any Charged Assets, both in terms of the assets or indices referenced and in terms of 
the value of the obligations of the Swap Counterparty (if any), the Repurchase Counterparty (if any) 
and/or the Securities Lending Counterparty (if any) and/or the obligor of any Charged Assets.  In 
particular, should the Notes be redeemed early, Noteholders will be exposed to the realisation value of 
the Notes and the termination value of the Swap Agreement, the Repurchase Agreement, and/or the 
Securities Lending Agreement and/or the Charged Assets which value might be affected (in some cases 
significantly) by such lack of liquidity. 
Concerns about the creditworthiness of the Custodian, the Issue Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and 
any Paying Agents may also impact the value of the Notes. 
Impact on Credit 
The events outlined above have negatively affected the creditworthiness of a number of entities, in some 
cases to the extent of collapse or requiring government rescue.  The value of the Notes or of the amount 
of payments under them may be negatively affected by widespread credit deterioration.  Prospective 
investors should note that recoveries on assets of affected entities have in some cases been de minimis 
and that similarly low recovery levels may be experienced with respect to other entities in the future 
which may include the obligors of Underlying Assets (or any guarantor or credit support provider in 
respect thereof), Reference Entities (including Notional Reference Entities) in respect of Credit Linked 
Notes and the relevant counterparties.  Prospective investors should also consider the impact of a default 
by a Custodian, the Issue Agent, the Principal Paying Agent or any Paying Agent and possible delays 
and costs in being able to access property held with a failed custodian.

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
26 
 
 
Impact on Valuations and Calculations 
Following the 2007 global financial crisis and, more recently, since the Covid-19 pandemic, actively 
traded markets for a number of asset classes and obligors have either ceased or have reduced 
significantly.  To the extent that valuations or calculations in respect of instruments related to those 
asset classes were based on quoted market prices or market inputs, the lack or limited availability of 
such market prices or inputs has significantly impaired the ability to make accurate valuations or 
calculations in respect of such instruments.  No assurance can be given that similar impairment may not 
occur in the future. 
Furthermore, in a number of asset classes, a significant reliance has historically been placed on 
valuations derived from models that use inputs that are not observable in the markets and/or that are 
based on historical data and trends.  Such models often rely on certain assumptions about the values or 
behaviour of such unobservable inputs or about the behaviour of the markets generally or interpolate 
future outcomes from historical data.  In a number of cases, the extent of the market volatility and 
disruption has resulted in the assumptions being incorrect to a significant degree or in extreme 
departures from historical trends.  Where reliance is placed on historical data, in certain instances such 
data may only be available for relatively short time periods (for example, data with respect to prices in 
relatively new markets) and such data may not be as statistically representative as data for longer 
periods. 
Potential investors should be aware of the risks inherent in any valuation or calculation that is 
determined by reference to a model and that certain assumptions will be made in operating the model 
which may prove to be incorrect and give rise to significantly different outcomes to those predicted by 
the model. 
Impact of Increased Regulation and Nationalisation 
Events since the 2007 global financial crisis (including, more recently, the Covid-19 pandemic) have 
resulted in the increased involvement of governmental and regulatory authorities in the financial sector 
and in the operation of financial institutions.  In some cases, governmental and regulatory authorities in 
certain jurisdictions have imposed stricter regulatory controls around certain financial activities and/or 
have indicated that they intend to impose such controls in the future.  It is uncertain how a changed 
regulatory environment will affect the treatment of instruments such as the Notes or will affect any 
transaction counterparty.  In addition, governments have shown an increased willingness wholly or 
partially to nationalise financial institutions, corporates and other entities in order to support the 
economy.  Such nationalisation may impact adversely on the value of the stock or other obligations of 
any such entity.  In addition, in order to effect such nationalisation, existing obligations or stock might 
have their terms mandatorily amended or be forcibly redeemed.  To the extent that the obligors of 
Underlying Assets (or any guarantor or credit support provider in respect thereof), reference entities in 
respect of Credit Linked Notes, the Swap Counterparty (if any), the Repurchase Counterparty (if any), 
the Securities Lending Counterparty (if any) or any other person or entity connected with the Notes is 
subject to nationalisation or other government intervention, it may have an adverse effect on a holder 
of a Note. 
Systemic Risk 
Financial institutions and other significant participants in the financial markets that deal with each other 
are interrelated as a result of trading, investment, clearing, counterparty and other relationships.  This 
risk is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk”.  Financial institutions such as the Arranger, the 
Dealer(s), the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty (or any credit support provider of the Swap 
Counterparty), the Repurchase Counterparty (if any) (or any credit support provider of the Repurchase 
Counterparty (if any)), the Securities Lending Counterparty (if any) (or any credit support provider of 
the Securities Lending Counterparty (if any)), the Custodian and the other Agents (or any affiliate of 
any of them) and any reference entities or obligors of the Underlying Assets (or any guarantor or credit 
support provider in respect thereof) that are financial institutions or are significant participants in the 
financial markets are likely routinely to execute a high volume of transactions with various types of 
counterparties, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, insurers, mutual 
and hedge funds and institutional clients.  To the extent they do so, they are and will continue to be

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
27 
 
 
exposed to the risk of loss if counterparties fail or are otherwise unable to meet their obligations.  In 
addition, a default by a financial institution or other significant participant in the financial markets, or 
concerns about the ability of a financial institution or other significant participant in the financial 
markets to meet its obligations, could lead to further significant systemic liquidity problems and other 
problems that could exacerbate the global financial crisis and as such have a material adverse impact 
on other entities. 
One of the effects of the global credit crisis and the failure of several global financial institutions has 
been an introduction of a significantly more restrictive regulatory environment including the proposal 
and in some cases, the implementation of, new tax, accounting and capital adequacy rules in addition 
to further regulation of structured products and the capital markets in general.  As different jurisdictions 
begin to take different approaches to such legislation, the extraterritorial application of such rules and 
laws will continue to be tested.  Such additional rules and regulations could, among other things, 
adversely affect Noteholders. 
(l) 
Compounding of risks 
Risks relating to the Notes may be correlated or compounded and such correlation and/or compounding 
may result in increased volatility in the value of the Notes and/or in increased losses for Noteholders. 
(m) 
Switch Option 
If specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, a switch option may apply in respect of 
the interest payable under the Notes. Unless specified otherwise in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
the switch option may be exercised once during each interest period and may be exercised once, more 
than once or not at all during the term of the Notes. 
Potential investors should not assume that the interest rate applicable to any particular interest period is 
the same interest rate as may have applied to any previous interest period. 
Prospective investors should consult their own financial, tax and legal advisors as to the risks and/or 
benefits entailed in exercising the switch option. 
(n) 
Flip Clauses 
The validity and enforceability of certain provisions in contractual priorities of payments which purport 
to alter the priority in which a particular secured creditor is paid as a result of the occurrence of one or 
more specified trigger events, including the insolvency of such creditor (“flip clauses”), have been 
challenged recently in the English and U.S. courts on the basis that the operation of a flip clause as a 
result of such creditor’s insolvency breaches the “anti-deprivation” principles of English and U.S. 
insolvency law.  This principle prevents a party from agreeing to a provision that deprives its creditors 
of an asset upon its insolvency. 
The English Supreme Court has, in Belmont Park Investments Pty Limited v BNY Corporate Trustee 
Services Limited and Lehman Brothers Special Financing Inc. [2011] UKSC 38, upheld the validity of 
a flip clause contained in an English law governed security document, stating that the anti-deprivation 
principle was not breached by such provisions. 
In the U.S. courts, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York in Lehman Brothers 
Special Financing Inc. v. BNY Corporate Trustee Services Limited.  (In re Lehman Brothers Holdings 
Inc.), Adv. Pro. No. 09 1242 JMP (Bankr. S.D.N.Y. 20 May 2009) examined a flip clause and held that 
such a provision, which seeks to modify one creditor’s position in a priority of payments when that 
creditor files for bankruptcy, is unenforceable under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Judge Peck 
acknowledged that this has resulted in the U.S. courts coming to a decision “directly at odds with the 
judgement of the English Courts”. While BNY Corporate Trustee Services Ltd filed a motion for and 
was granted leave to appeal with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court, the case was settled before the appeal was 
heard. 
On 28 June 2016, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court issued a decision in Lehman Brothers Special Financing 
Inc. v. Bank of America National Association, et al. Case No. 10-3547 (In re Lehman Brothers Holdings

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
28 
 
 
Inc.), No. 10-03547 (Bankr S.D.N.Y. 28 June 2016). In this decision, the court held that not all priority 
of payment provisions would be unenforceable ipso facto clauses under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. 
Instead, the court identified two materially distinct approaches to such provisions. Where a 
counterparty’s automatic right to payment priority ahead of the noteholders is “flipped” or modified 
upon, for example, such counterparty’s default under the swap document, the court confirmed that such 
priority provisions were unenforceable ipso facto clauses. Conversely, the court held that priority 
provisions where no right of priority is established until after a termination event under the swap 
documents has occurred were not ipso facto clauses, and, therefore, fully enforceable. Moreover, even 
where the provisions at issue were ipso facto clauses, the Court found that they were nonetheless 
enforceable under the Code’s safe harbour provisions. Specifically, the Court concluded that priority of 
distribution was a necessary part of liquidation, which the safe harbour provisions expressly protect. 
The Court effectively limited the analysis in the BNY case to cases where the flip provisions are only 
in an indenture, and do not constitute part of the swap agreement. On 14 March 2018, the U.S. District 
Court for the Southern District of New York, in Lehman Brothers Special Financing Inc. v. Bank of 
America, NA (In re Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.), affirmed the above June 2016 Bankruptcy Court 
decision holding that flip clauses are protected under the Bankruptcy Code’s safe harbour provisions 
and therefore enforceable in bankruptcy. This 2018 decision was then subsequently affirmed on 11 
August 2020 by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit in Lehman Brothers Special Financing 
Inc. v. Bank of America, NA (In re Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.). These judgments highlight the 
difference in approach taken between U.S. and English law on this subject, although it significantly 
reduces the practical differences in outcome. It remains possible that parties may commence 
proceedings in the U.S. in connection with the enforceability of flip clauses and, if so, this may continue 
to be an area of judicial focus, particularly in respect of multi-jurisdictional insolvencies. 
The flip clause examined in the Belmont case may be similar in substance to the relevant provisions in 
the relevant order of priority of the Notes, however, the context and manner of subordination which 
may be applied to a Swap Counterparty, a Repurchase Counterparty or a Securities Lending 
Counterparty in accordance with such provisions will not be identical; and the judgments in Belmont 
and subsequent litigation in which the same rule has been applied have noted that English law questions 
relating to the anti-deprivation principle will be determined on the basis of the particular terms at hand 
and their commercial context.  As such, it is not necessarily settled that the particular flip clauses 
contained in the relevant order of priority of the Notes would certainly be enforceable as a matter of 
English law, in the case of insolvency of a Swap Counterparty, a Repurchase Counterparty and/or a 
Securities Lending Counterparty. 
Moreover, if the relevant order of priority of the Notes are the subject of litigation in any jurisdiction 
outside England and Wales, in particular in the United States of America, and such litigation results in 
a conflicting judgment in respect of the binding nature of the relevant order of priority of the Notes, it 
is possible that termination payments due to the Swap Counterparties, the Repurchase Counterparties 
and/or the Securities Lending Counterparties would not be subordinated as envisaged by the relevant 
order of priority of the Notes and as a result, the relevant Issuer’s ability to repay the Noteholders in 
full may be adversely affected.  There is a particular risk of such conflicting judgments where a Swap 
Counterparty, a Repurchase Counterparty and/or a Securities Lending Counterparty is the subject of 
bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings in any other jurisdiction outside England and Wales, including 
France. 
(o) 
CSDR 
Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 of 23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement in the European 
Union and on central securities depositories and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and 
Regulation (EU) No 236/2012 (the “CSDR”) requires that, amongst other things, from 1 January 2025 
any EU issuer that issues transferable securities which are admitted to trading on an EU trading venue, 
multilateral trading facility or organised trading facility must arrange for such securities to be 
represented in book-entry form. Accordingly, if any Notes are admitted to trading on an EU trading 
venue, multilateral trading facility or organised trading facility and represented by Definitive Notes or 
Registered Note Certificates, the Issuer may be required to take action prior to 1 January 2025 to 
exchange such Definitive Notes or Registered Note Certificates for interests in a Temporary Global 
Note, Permanent Global Note or a Registered Global Note. There is no guarantee that the Issuer will be

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
29 
 
 
able to successfully implement such an exchange in order to comply with the CSDR and any failure to 
so comply could result in the Issuer (or other transaction parties) becoming subject to sanctions which 
could have a material adverse effect on Noteholders. 
This aspect of CSDR continues to form part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA as amended 
by (inter alia) the Central Securities Depositories (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations (SI 2018/1320), 
subject to some changes required to reflect the UK’s new position outside the EU. 
3. 
Risks relating to Certain Types of Notes 
(a) 
Structured Notes 
Each of the Issuers may issue Notes with principal or interest (subject to exercise of the switch option 
pursuant to Condition 6(o) (Switch Option) of the Notes, if specified as applicable in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms) determined by reference to an index or formula, to changes in the prices of securities 
or commodities, to movements in currency exchange rates or interest rates, or other factors (each, a 
“Relevant Factor”).  In addition, each of the Issuers may issue Notes with principal or interest payable 
in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are denominated.  
Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than 
expected; 
(iv) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(v) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes 
in interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(vi) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or 
contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal 
or interest payable likely will be magnified; 
(vii) 
any Notes that are linked to more than one type of Relevant Factor, or to formulae that 
encompass the risks associated with more than one type of Relevant Factor, may carry levels 
of risk that are greater than Notes that are linked to only one type of Relevant Factor; 
(viii) 
it may not be possible for investors to hedge their exposure to these various risks relating to the 
Notes linked to a Relevant Factor; 
(ix) 
a significant market disruption could mean that any Relevant Factor or the price of any Relevant 
Factor ceases to exist; and 
(x) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations.  In general, the earlier the change in the 
Relevant Factor, the greater the effect on yield. 
There is a risk that the resulting interest rate will be less than that payable on a conventional debt security 
at the same time and/or that an investor may lose the value of its entire investment or part of it, as the 
case may be. 
The prices at which Zero Coupon Notes, as well as other Notes issued at a substantial discount from 
their principal amount payable at maturity, trade in the secondary market tend to fluctuate more in 
relation to general changes in interest rates than do the prices for conventional interest-bearing securities 
of comparable maturities. 
The Issuers may issue Partly Paid Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one part payment 
by the investor. Failure by the investor to pay any subsequent part payment could result in an investor 
losing some or all of his, her or its investment.

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
30 
 
 
The historical experience of a Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of the future 
performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of the applicable Notes.  Additionally, there may 
be regulatory and other ramifications associated with the ownership by certain investors of Notes linked 
to certain Relevant Factors and investors should ensure that their acquisition of such Notes is lawful 
under the laws of the jurisdiction of their incorporation and/or in which they operate.  The Issuers 
believe that such Notes should only be purchased by investors that are in a position to understand the 
special risks that an investment in these instruments involves, in particular relating to options, warrants 
and derivatives and related transactions, and should be prepared to sustain a total loss of the purchase 
price of their Notes. 
A purchaser of Notes linked to certain Relevant Factors should be aware that certain disruption events, 
extraordinary events or other circumstances affecting such Relevant Factors (together, “Adjustment 
Events”) may result in the Calculation Agent making such adjustments as it determines appropriate to 
the terms and conditions of any Notes affected by one or more Adjustment Events.  Such adjustments 
may include delaying the day on which a calculation or payment is made, substituting one or more of 
the Relevant Factors referenced by the affected Notes or otherwise adjusting the terms and conditions 
of such Notes in order to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event(s).  In certain circumstances, 
the Calculation Agent may determine that the appropriate action to take in respect of Notes affected by 
an Adjustment Event is to redeem the Notes, as the case may be, in which case the Noteholders may 
suffer a significant or total loss in respect of its investment. 
(b) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/floating rate Notes may bear interest (subject to exercise of the switch option pursuant to 
Condition 6(o) (Switch Option) of the Notes, if specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms) at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  
Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will affect the secondary market and the 
market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to 
produce a lower overall cost of borrowing.  If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in 
such circumstances, the spread on the fixed/floating rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the 
new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  If the Issuer converts from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates 
on its Notes. 
(c) 
Index/Formula-Linked Notes 
The interest amounts and principal payable in respect of any Index/Formula-Linked Notes may be 
linked to the level, performance or price of a benchmark, index or formula in relation thereto on a certain 
date or dates and/or the change in the level of such benchmark, index or formula in relation thereto over 
a specified period of time. Where Notes are linked to the change in the level or price of a benchmark, 
index or formula in relation thereto over a specified period of time, prospective investors will be taking 
a view on the change in the level or price of the benchmark, index or formula in relation thereto during 
the relevant period and/or on the relevant date(s), as the case may be. Movements in the level of the 
benchmark, index or formula in relation thereto may therefore adversely affect the amount of principal 
and/or interest to be repaid to the Noteholder and may also adversely affect the market value of the 
Notes prior to maturity. 
Prospective investors should be aware that depending on the terms of the Notes (i) they may receive no 
or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time than 
expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment.  In addition, the 
movements in the price of the benchmark, index or formula in relation thereto may be subject to 
significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices 
and the timing of changes in the relevant benchmark, index or formula in relation thereto may affect the 
actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations.

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
31 
 
 
(d) 
Inflation Linked Notes 
Where the Notes reference inflation indices, consumer price indices or other formulae linked to a 
measure of inflation as Underlying Assets, the purchasers of such Notes are exposed to the performance 
of such inflation indices or other measurement formulae, which may be subject to significant 
fluctuations that may not correlate with other indices and may not correlate perfectly with the rate of 
inflation experienced by purchasers of the Notes in such jurisdiction. Payments to be made under the 
Notes may be based on a calculation made by reference to an inflation index for a month which is 
several months prior to the date of payment on the Notes and therefore could be substantially different 
from the level of inflation at the time of the payment on the Notes. 
(e) 
Optional Issuer Call 
The Applicable Transaction Terms for a Series of Notes may specify that an “Optional Issuer Call” 
feature is applicable. 
The Optional Issuer Call feature provides that the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming 
aware of the satisfaction of an Optional Issuer Call Condition (but subject to compliance with all 
relevant laws and regulations) and on giving irrevocable notice to the Noteholders, redeem all, or if so 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms some only, of the Notes on the Optional Issuer Call 
Redemption Date either by Cash Settlement at their Redemption Amount or at their Amortised Face 
Amount (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) or by Physical Settlement in accordance with Condition 7(l) 
(Physical Settlement) at the Optional Issuer Call Redemption Amount of each Note. An Optional Issuer 
Call Condition means, in accordance with and subject to the terms of the Related Agreement for a Series 
of Notes where “Optional Issuer Call” is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, that the 
Counterparty has elected an optional termination under the Related Agreement. 
The Optional Issuer Call feature of a Series of Notes is likely to limit their market value.  During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem or call the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior 
to any redemption period. 
If the relevant Issuer exercises its right to redeem or call any Notes, this may limit the market value of 
the Notes concerned. During any period when the relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market 
value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed 
and a Noteholder may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a 
similar effective return. This may also be true prior to any redemption period, or during any period 
where there is an actual or perceived increased likelihood that the Notes may be redeemed (including 
where there are circumstances giving rise to a right to redeem for tax or regulatory reasons). 
As a consequence of an early redemption, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than 
expected, and the redemption amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes 
paid by the Noteholder. The Noteholder may thus not receive the total amount of the capital invested. 
In addition, Noteholders that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may 
be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. Should the Notes at such 
time be trading well above the price set for redemption, the negative impact on the Noteholders’ 
anticipated returns would be significant. 
(f) 
Risks related to Disruption Events 
Notes may be subject to risks related to additional disruption events, market disruption events, disrupted 
days and other events that have a material effect on the Notes, if applicable (each as defined in the 
Conditions and/or Applicable Transaction Terms, the “Disruption Events”). 
The occurrence of any Disruption Event may result in the postponement of the relevant observation 
date relating to any Notes, the postponement of the relevant payment date for interest or redemption or 
the redemption of the Notes by the Issuer. The amount to be paid following any postponement of the 
payment date will not be adjusted to take into account any interest or other sum in respect of the 
postponement of the payment.

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
32 
 
 
Investors should be aware that the Calculation Agent has a large amount of discretion upon the 
occurrence of any Disruption Event. The Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the Conditions 
as it considers appropriate and may determine the fair market value of any component of the Notes 
(such as an Underlying Benchmark) or good faith estimate of the level of any component of the Notes 
(such as an Underlying Benchmark), as applicable, in accordance with the relevant Conditions and/or 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
Any postponement of the observation date or payment date or any amendment to the Conditions may 
have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. The occurrences of any such event may also adversely 
affect the investors’ investment schedule, timetable or plans in relation to which the payment dates of 
the Notes are connected. 
(g) 
Notes linked to Deposits 
In relation to certain Series of Notes which are linked to deposits located outside the United Kingdom 
(a “Deposit”), the security created by the Issuer in favour of the Trustee or security agent for the benefit 
of the secured parties in relation to the Deposit may include an English law first fixed charge and 
assignment and a local law account pledge (the “Account Pledge Agreement”) over the Issuer’s rights 
against the deposit bank (or similar entity, the “Deposit Bank”) under the relevant deposit agreement 
(or similar, the “Deposit Agreement”) and in respect of any sums standing to the credit of the Deposit 
account. It may be unlikely that such English law security interests would be enforceable in the 
jurisdiction in which the Deposit is located (the “Local Jurisdiction”). 
In respect of such Series of Notes, it may be intended that (i) the Account Pledge Agreement in respect 
of the Deposit and, as contemplated thereby, a notice of pledge and assignment from the Issuer to the 
Deposit Bank with a copy to the Trustee or security agent, and an acknowledgement from the Deposit 
Bank to the Trustee or security agent with a copy to the Issuer, will be executed on or around the start 
date of the Deposit and (ii) the execution, notarisation, and legalisation of a power of attorney from the 
Issuer to the Trustee or security agent as contemplated by the Account Pledge Agreement will occur as 
soon as practicable after the Issue Date. 
No assurance can be given as to the priority of the security created by any Account Pledge Agreement 
relative to any other security that might be created over the Deposit account and, depending on the Local 
Jurisdiction, there may be a material risk that the Account Pledge Agreement will not be enforceable in 
the Local Jurisdiction. There may not be any specific legislation in the Local Jurisdiction concerning 
the creation or perfection of security over accounts held with banks. 
The procedure for enforcing in the Local Jurisdiction the security created by the Account Pledge 
Agreement, including bringing proceedings in Local Jurisdiction courts, may take longer than in other 
jurisdictions and the outcome may be less certain. Accordingly, purchasers of such Notes should be 
aware of the significant legal risks in purchasing the Notes linked to rights enforceable in the relevant 
Local Jurisdiction through the courts of the Local Jurisdiction. 
Typically, the Deposit would not be admitted to any trading market and would not be readily realisable. 
It is unlikely that a secondary market would exist or would develop in respect of the Deposit and, as a 
result, following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event in respect of the Notes the sale, transfer 
or realisation of the Deposit may be restricted or impossible and/or the proceeds from any such sale, 
transfer or realisation of the Deposit may be limited and result in a return to Noteholders significantly 
less than par and which may be zero or in a return after the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(h) 
Notes subject to Automatic Redemption 
Notes may be subject to automatic early redemption if certain conditions (as specified in the terms and 
conditions of the Notes) are met.  Such features may negatively affect the value of the Notes and may 
lead to redemption at an amount or time less favourable for Noteholders. 
(i) 
Partly-Paid Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one part payment.  Failure to 
pay any subsequent part payment could result in an investor losing some or all of its investment.

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
33 
 
 
(j) 
Variable Rate Notes with a Multiplier or other Leverage Factor 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments.  If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other 
similar related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do 
not include those features. 
(k) 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
Inverse floating rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate such as LIBOR (subject to exercise of the switch option pursuant to Condition 6(o) (Switch Option) 
of the Notes, if specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms).  The market values of 
those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of other conventional floating rate debt 
securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable terms).  Inverse floating 
rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate 
of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects 
the market value of these Notes. 
(l) 
Commodity Linked Notes 
Commodity linked Notes differ from ordinary debt securities in that the amount of principal and/or 
interest (subject to exercise of the switch option pursuant to Condition 6(o) (Switch Option) of the 
Notes, if specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms) payable by the relevant Issuer 
upon redemption (whether at maturity or earlier) will be linked to the market value of the commodity 
at such time and may be less than the full amount of investors’ initial investment and result in investors 
not receiving repayment of all or any of their initial investment in commodity linked Notes. 
(m) 
Equity Linked Notes and GDR/ADR Linked Notes 
Equity linked Notes and GDR/ADR linked Notes differ from ordinary debt securities in that the amount 
of principal and/or interest (subject to exercise of the switch option pursuant to Condition 6(o) (Switch 
Option) of the Notes, if specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms) payable by the 
relevant Issuer upon redemption (whether at maturity or earlier) will be linked to the market value of 
the underlying security(ies) at such time and may be less than the full amount of investors’ initial 
investment and result in investors not receiving repayment of all or any of their initial investment in 
equity linked Notes and/or GDR/ADR linked Notes. 
(n) 
Fund Linked Notes 
Each Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest (subject to exercise of the 
switch option pursuant to Condition 6(o) (Switch Option) of the Notes, if specified as applicable in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms) payable are dependent upon the price or changes in the price of units or 
shares in a fund or funds or, depending on the price or changes in the price of units or shares in such 
fund or funds, the relevant Issuer’s obligation on redemption is to deliver a specified amount of fund 
shares.  Accordingly an investment in fund linked Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct fund 
investment and potential investors should take advice accordingly. 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater 
than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the price of the units or 
shares of the fund or funds on principal or interest payable will be magnified. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the redemption 
date and the volatility of the price of units or shares in the fund or funds.  The price of units or shares 
in a fund may be affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, 
including factors affecting the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any units in the fund or 
funds may be traded.  In addition, the price of units or shares in a fund may be affected by the 
performance of the fund service providers, and in particular the investment adviser.

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
34 
 
 
(o) 
Credit Linked Notes 
General 
The Issuers may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon 
whether certain Credit Events have occurred in respect of one or more Reference Entities (or Notional 
Reference Entities) under a Swap Agreement and, if so, on the value of certain specified assets of such 
Reference Entities (or Notional Reference Entities) under a Swap Agreement or where, if such events 
have occurred, on redemption the relevant Issuer’s obligation is to deliver certain specified assets. 
Prospective investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Credit 
Linked Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest 
or delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose 
all or a substantial portion of their investment. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and will be affected by, amongst other things, the time 
remaining to the redemption date and the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity(ies) (or Notional 
Reference Entity(ies)) which in turn may be affected by the economic, financial and political events in 
one or more jurisdictions. 
Where the Notes provide for physical delivery, the relevant Issuer may determine that the specified 
assets to be delivered are either (a) assets which for any reason (including, without limitation, failure of 
the relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation, court order or market conditions or the 
non-receipt of any requisite consents with respect to the delivery of assets which are loans) it is 
impossible or illegal to deliver on the specified settlement date or (b) assets which the relevant Issuer 
has not received under the terms of the related Swap Agreement.  Any such determination may delay 
settlement in respect of the Notes and/or cause the obligation to deliver such specified assets to be 
replaced by an obligation to pay a cash amount which, in either case, may affect the value of the Notes 
and, in the case of payment of a cash amount, will affect the timing of the valuation of such Notes and 
as a result, the amount of principal payable on redemption.  Prospective investors should review the 
terms and conditions of the Notes and the Applicable Transaction Terms to ascertain whether and how 
such provisions should apply to the Notes. 
Noteholders are exposed to credit risk on Reference Entities 
Prospective investors of Credit Linked Notes will be exposed to the credit of one or more Reference 
Entities (or Notional Reference Entities), which exposure shall be, unless otherwise stated in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, to the full extent of their investment in such Notes.  In the event of the 
occurrence of a Credit Event (which may include, amongst other things, Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, 
Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental 
Intervention) in relation to a Reference Entity or Reference Entities (or a Notional Reference Entity or 
Notional Reference Entities), in each case as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or Swap 
Agreement, the obligation of the Issuer to pay principal may be replaced by (i) an obligation to pay 
other amounts which are equal to either certain fixed amount(s) as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms or Swap Agreement or amounts calculated by reference to the value of the 
underlying asset(s) (which may, in each case, be less than the par value of the Notes at the relevant 
time) and/or (ii) an obligation to deliver the underlying asset(s).  In addition, interest-bearing Credit 
Linked Notes may cease to bear interest on or prior to the date of occurrence of such circumstances. 
Accordingly, Noteholders may be exposed to fluctuations in the creditworthiness of the Reference 
Entities (or Notional Reference Entities) to the full extent of their investment in the Credit Linked Notes. 
Where cash settlement or auction settlement applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to any 
Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entity, as applicable) from time to time may result in a 
redemption of the Notes in a reduced principal amount or at zero (0), and, (if applicable) in a reduction 
of the amount on which interest is calculated.  Where physical settlement applies, the occurrence of a 
Credit Event may result in the redemption of the Notes based on the valuation (or by delivery) of certain 
direct or indirect obligations of the affected Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entity), which 
obligations are likely to have a market value which is substantially less than their par amount.

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
35 
 
 
Increased credit risk is associated with “nth-to-default” and “linear basket” credit-linked Notes 
Where the Notes are nth-to-default Credit Linked Notes or linear basket Credit Linked Notes, the Notes 
will be subject to redemption in full as described above upon the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation 
to the nth or first, as the case may be, Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entities, as applicable).  
The credit risk to Noteholders may therefore be increased as a result of the concentration of Reference 
Entities (or Notional Reference Entities) in a particular industry sector or geographic area or the 
exposure of the Reference Entities (or Notional Reference Entities) to similar financial or other risks. 
Swap Counterparty and Calculation Agent will act in their own interests 
The Swap Counterparty will exercise its rights under the terms of the Swap Agreement, including in 
particular the right to designate a Credit Event and the right to select obligations of the affected 
Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entities, as applicable) for valuation or delivery, in its own 
interests and those of its affiliates, and not in the interests of investors in the Notes.  The exercise of 
such rights in such manner, for example by the selection of the eligible obligations of the Reference 
Entity (or Notional Reference Entities, as applicable) having the lowest possible market value for 
valuation or delivery, as applicable, may result in an increased credit loss for holders of the Notes. 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, 
event or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or 
permitted to be determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding on the Noteholders. 
Payments in the Notes may be deferred or suspended 
In certain circumstances, for example where (i) a Credit Event has occurred and the related credit loss 
has not been determined as at the relevant date for payment, (ii) where a potential Credit Event exists 
as at the scheduled maturity of the Notes, or (iii) pending a resolution of a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee, payment of the redemption amount of the Notes and/or interest on the Notes 
may be deferred for a material period in whole or part without compensation to the holders of the Notes 
and interest will cease to accrue on the earlier of (a) the period from (but excluding) the originally 
Scheduled Maturity Date, and (b) following satisfaction of the conditions to settlement, either (x) the 
interest payment date immediately preceding the event determination date, or (y) as may be specified 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms.  Holders of such Notes should be aware in no event shall interest 
accrue on any period commencing after the Scheduled Maturity Date of the Notes. 
Suspension of Obligations will suspend payment of principal and interest 
If the Calculation Agent determines that, under the terms of the Notes, the obligations of the parties 
would be suspended pending a resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee all of the 
obligations of the Issuer under each Credit Linked Note (including any obligation to deliver any notices, 
pay any interest, principal or settlement amount or to make any delivery) shall be and remain suspended 
until ISDA publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
resolved the matter in question or has resolved not to determine the matter in question.  The Calculation 
Agent will provide notice of such suspension as soon as reasonably practicable; however, any failure or 
delay by the Calculation Agent in providing such notice will not affect the validity or effect of such 
suspension.  Holders of such Notes should be aware that no interest shall accrue on any payments which 
are suspended in accordance with the above. 
Use of Cash Settlement may adversely affect returns to Noteholders 
If the Notes are cash settled, then, following the occurrence of a Credit Event, the Swap Counterparty 
will be required to seek quotations in respect of selected obligations of the affected Reference Entity 
(or Notional Reference Entities, as applicable).  Quotations obtained will be “bid- side” - that is, they 
will be reduced to take account of a bid-offer spread charged by the relevant dealer.  Such quotations 
may not be available, or the level of such quotations may be substantially reduced as a result of 
illiquidity in the relevant markets or as a result of factors other than the credit risk of the affected 
Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entities, as applicable) (for example, liquidity constraints 
affecting market dealers).  Accordingly, any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower than the

--- Page 45 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
36 
 
 
value of the relevant obligation which would be determined by reference to (for example) the present 
value of related cash flows.  Quotations will be deemed to be zero in the event that no such quotations 
are available. 
The Swap Counterparty is not obliged to suffer any loss as a result of a Credit Event 
Credit losses will be calculated for the purposes of the Notes irrespective of whether the Swap 
Counterparty or its affiliates or the Issuer has suffered an actual loss in relation to the Reference Entity 
(or Notional Reference Entities, as applicable) or any obligations thereof.  Holders of such Notes should 
be aware that neither the Swap Counterparty nor the Issuer is obliged to account for any recovery which 
it may subsequently make in relation to such Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entities, as 
applicable) or its obligations. 
Cash settlement (whether by reference to an auction or a dealer poll) may be less advantageous than 
physical delivery of assets 
Payments on the Credit Linked Notes following the occurrence of an event determination date under a 
Swap Agreement may be in cash and will reflect the value of relevant obligations of the affected 
Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entities, as applicable) at a given date.  Holders of such Notes 
should be aware that such payments may be less than the recovery which would ultimately be realised 
by a holder of debt obligations of the affected Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entities, as 
applicable), whether by means of enforcement of rights following a default or receipt of distributions 
following an insolvency or otherwise. 
Rights associated with Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
The institutions which are members of each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee owe no duty 
to the Noteholders and have the ability to make determinations that may materially affect the 
Noteholders, such as the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Succession Event.  A Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee may be able to make determinations without action or knowledge of the 
Noteholders. 
Noteholders may have no role in the composition of any Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee.  
Separate criteria apply with respect to the selection of dealer and non-dealer institutions to serve on a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and the Noteholders may have no role in establishing 
such criteria.  In addition, the composition of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will 
change from time to time in accordance with the rules of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee, as the term of an institution may expire or an institution may be required to be replaced.  
The Noteholders may have no control over the process for selecting institutions to participate on a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and, to the extent provided for in the Notes, will be subject to 
the determinations made by such selected institutions in accordance with the rules of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
Noteholders may have no recourse against either the institutions serving on a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee or the external reviewers.  Institutions serving on a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee and the external reviewers, among others, disclaim any duty of care or 
liability arising in connection with the performance of duties or the provision of advice under the rules 
of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, except in the case of gross negligence, fraud or 
wilful misconduct.  Furthermore, the institutions on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
do not owe any duty to the Noteholders and the Noteholders will be prevented from pursuing claims 
with respect to actions taken by such institutions under the rules of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. 
Noteholders should also be aware that institutions serving on a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee have no duty to research or verify the veracity of information on which a specific 
determination is based.  In addition, a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is not obligated to 
follow previous determinations and, therefore, could reach a conflicting determination on a similar set 
of facts.  If the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty or the Calculation Agent or any of their respective

--- Page 46 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
37 
 
 
affiliates serve as a member of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee at any time, then they 
will act without regard to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Noteholders are responsible for obtaining information relating to deliberations of a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee.  Notices of questions referred to the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee, meetings held to deliberate such questions and the results of binding votes will be published 
on the ISDA website and neither the Issuer nor the Swap Counterparty nor the Calculation Agent nor 
any of their respective affiliates shall be obliged to inform the Noteholders of such information (other 
than as expressly provided in respect of the Notes).  Failure by the Noteholders to be aware of 
information relating to deliberations of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will have no 
effect under the Notes and Noteholders are solely responsible for obtaining any such information. 
Investors should read the 2018 ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules  (published 
28 September 2018, as amended on 27 January 2020, 30 March 2020, 2 October 2020 and as further 
amended 
or 
supplemented 
from 
time 
to 
time) 
(https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/dc-rules/), as they exist as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, and reach their own views prior to making any investment decisions. Investors should 
however note that the rules of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may be amended from 
time to time without the consent or input of the Noteholders and the powers of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee may be expanded or modified as a result. 
Mod/ModMod R Restructuring 
In respect of a Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entity, as applicable) for which the 
Restructuring Credit Event is applicable and either: (a) Mod R; or (b) ModMod R applies (such 
Restructuring Credit Event, a “Mod/ModMod R Restructuring”), upon the occurrence of such 
Mod/ModMod R Restructuring Credit Event, and prior to 65 business days following the final list 
publication date, the Swap Counterparty will determine whether the transaction auction settlement terms 
or any parallel auction settlement are applicable to the Swap Agreement. In the event that one or more 
of the transaction auction settlement terms and parallel auction settlement terms is applicable to the 
Notes, the Swap Counterparty may elect such settlement terms as applicable by giving notice to the 
Issuer. In making such determination and such selection, the Swap Counterparty will act in its own 
interests and those of its affiliates, and not in the interests of the investors. 
Holders of the Notes should be aware that the auction final price or weighted average final price may 
be based on one or more obligations of the Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entity, as 
applicable) having a final maturity date different from that of the restructured bond or loan or any 
specified Reference Obligation which may affect the auction settlement amount determined in respect 
of the Swap Agreement. 
The Swap Counterparty, Repurchase Counterparty and/ or Securities Lending Counterparty may 
modify terms of the Notes 
The Swap Counterparty, Repurchase Counterparty and/ or Securities Lending Counterparty may, 
following its determination that there has been a change in the prevailing market standard terms or 
market trading conventions (including, but not limited to changes that affect any credit default swap), 
modify the terms of the Notes.  If the Swap Counterparty, Repurchase Counterparty and/ or Securities 
Lending Counterparty modify the terms of the Notes, it will do so without regard to the interests of the 
Noteholders and any such modification may be prejudicial to the interests of the holder of the Notes. 
Credit observation period 
Where a look-back credit observation period is applicable, Noteholders may suffer a loss of some or all 
of their investment in respect of one or more Credit Events that occur on or after the date falling 60 days 
prior to the trade date of the Swap Agreement or the Issue Date.  Neither the Calculation Agent or the 
Issuer nor any of their respective affiliates has any responsibility to avoid or mitigate the effects of a 
Credit Event that has taken place prior to the trade date of the Swap Agreement (being a date specified 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms or Swap Agreement and being, generally, the date on which the 
initial investor(s) in any Series of Notes commit to purchase such Notes, and accordingly, on which the

--- Page 47 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
38 
 
 
Swap Counterparty will undertake related hedging activity) or the Issue Date (being the settlement date 
of the Notes on which the Notes are issued and the investor pays the purchase price). 
Actions of Reference Entities (or Notional Reference Entities) 
Actions of Reference Entities (or Notional Reference Entities) (for example, merger or demerger or the 
repayment or transfer of indebtedness) may adversely affect the value of the Notes.  The views of market 
participants and/or legal counsel may differ as to how the terms of market standard credit default swaps, 
and corresponding terms of the Swap Agreement and the Notes, should be interpreted in the context of 
such actions, or such terms may operate in a manner contrary to the expectations of market participants 
and/or adversely to the interests of Noteholders.  Noteholders should be aware that the Reference 
Entities (or Notional Reference Entities) to which the value of the Notes is exposed, and the terms of 
such exposure, may change over the term of the Notes. 
“Cheapest-to-Deliver” risk 
The Swap Counterparty or Calculation Agent (as the case may be) may have discretion to choose the 
portfolio of obligations to be valued or delivered following a Credit Event in respect of a Reference 
Entity (or Notional Reference Entity), it is likely that the portfolio of obligations selected will be 
obligations of the Reference Entity with the lowest anticipated market value that are permitted to be 
selected pursuant to the Notes and the Swap Agreement.  Noteholders should be aware that this could 
result in a lower recovery value and hence greater losses for investors in the Notes. 
Risks associated with auction settlement following a Credit Event 
To the extent that auction settlement relates to the Notes, amounts payable under the Notes may be 
determined on the basis of the final price determined pursuant to the auction held in respect of the 
Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entity) or Reference Obligation, provided that the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee determines that an applicable auction will be held.  Noteholders 
are subject to the risk that where a final price is determined in accordance with an auction, this may 
result in a different recovery value than the Reference Entity or Reference Obligation would have had 
if such final price had been determined pursuant to alternative methods and a lower recovery value 
would tend to reduce the amount payable to Noteholders upon redemption or exercise of the Notes. 
Noteholders will have no right to submit bids and/or offers in an auction. Auctions are typically 
conducted by a third party. 
If the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee does not decide to hold an auction with respect to 
obligations of the Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entity) or auction settlement is otherwise 
not relevant to the Notes, then the cash or physical settlement method may apply. 
(p) 
Notes issued at a Substantial Discount or Premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the 
price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
(q) 
Eligibility of certain Global Notes for Eurosystem Monetary Policy 
If indicated in the Applicable Transaction Terms, any Global Notes issued from time to time by 
Premium Green PLC and PREMIUM Plus p.l.c. under the Programme may be intended to be held in a 
manner which will allow Eurosystem eligibility.  This only means that such Notes were upon issue 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operation 
by the Eurosystem (“Eurosystem Eligible Collateral”) either upon issue, or at any or all times during 
their life.  Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria as 
specified by the European Central Bank.  If the Notes do not satisfy the criteria specified by the 
European Central Bank, there is a risk that the Notes will not be Eurosystem Eligible Collateral.

--- Page 48 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
39 
 
 
4. 
Risks relating to the Underlying Assets or Charged Assets 
(a) 
General 
The Underlying Assets or Charged Assets relating to any Notes may be subject to credit, liquidity and 
interest rate risks. In the event of an insolvency of an issuer or obligor in respect of any Underlying 
Assets or Charged Assets, various insolvency and related laws applicable to such issuer or obligor may 
(directly or indirectly) limit the amount the Issuer or the Trustee may recover in respect of such 
Underlying Assets or Charged Assets. The obligor of any Underlying Assets or Charged Assets may 
also be subject to a resolution regime. 
Depending on the type of the Underlying Assets or Charged Assets, there may only be limited liquidity 
for such assets and generally, but especially in times of financial distress, the Underlying Assets or 
Charged Assets may either not be liquid at all or may only be liquid at significant discounts to their fair 
market value or to the amount originally invested. 
If the Issuer has entered into a Related Agreement, by virtue of any collateral requirements applicable 
to any such arrangements, the Underlying Assets or Charged Assets held by it from time to time may 
comprise assets other than, or in addition to, the original Underlying Assets or Charged Assets, or may 
comprise less Underlying Assets or Charged Assets than the amount held by it on the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Series (as may be adjusted on each subsequent Issue Date), as assets will be required 
to be delivered by the Issuer to the Counterparty which have an aggregate value (after the application 
of any relevant haircut) at least equal to the exposure that the Counterparty has to the Issuer under the 
Related Agreement. If the Issuer holds other or additional assets, the types of assets that may comprise 
Underlying Assets or Charged Assets may be diverse and may be less liquid and more volatile than the 
original Underlying Assets or Charged Assets. 
If pursuant to the terms of the Related Agreement, cash is posted to the Issuer, interest (if any) will 
accrue in accordance with the Custodian’s deposit terms and conditions. Such interest rate may be 
positive or negative (in which case the Counterparty may be required to pay an additional amount to 
the Issuer under the Related Agreement). 
If Notes redeem other than on the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Underlying Assets or Charged Assets 
relating thereto may be liquidated. No assurance can be given as to the amount of proceeds of any 
liquidation of such Underlying Assets or Charged Assets at that time since the market value of such 
Underlying Assets or Charged Assets will be affected by a number of factors including but not limited 
to (i) the creditworthiness of the issuer or obligor of the Underlying Assets or Charged Assets, (ii) 
market perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates, (iii) the time remaining to the 
scheduled maturity of the Underlying Assets or Charged Assets and (iv) the liquidity of the Underlying 
Assets or Charged Assets. Accordingly, the price at which such Underlying Assets or Charged Assets 
are sold or liquidated may be at a discount, which could be substantial, to the market value of the 
Underlying Assets or Charged Assets on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Series (or any 
subsequent Issue Date (as applicable)) and the proceeds of any such sale or liquidation when taken 
together with the proceeds of termination of any Related Agreement and any other assets available to 
the Issuer that relate to the relevant Series may not be sufficient to repay the full amount of principal of 
and interest on the relevant Notes that the holders of such Notes would expect to receive if the Notes 
were redeemed in accordance with their terms on their Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Investors should also be aware that the interest amounts and principal payable in respect of any Series 
of Notes may be linked to the level or price of an Underlying Asset or Charged Asset on a certain date 
or dates and/or the change in the level of an Underlying Asset or Charged Asset over a specified period 
of time. Where Notes are linked to the change in the level or price of an Underlying Asset or Charged 
Asset over a specified period of time, prospective investors will be taking a view on the change in the 
level or price of the Underlying Asset or Charged Asset during the relevant period and/or on the relevant 
date(s), as the case may be. 
Prospective investors should be aware that depending on the terms of the Notes (i) they may receive no 
or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time than 
expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment.  In addition, the

--- Page 49 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
40 
 
 
movements in the price of the Underlying Assets or Charged Assets may be subject to significant 
fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the 
timing of changes in the relevant Underlying Assets or Charged Assets may affect the actual yield to 
investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. 
To the extent that an obligor under the Underlying Assets or Charged Assets fails to make payments to 
the Issuer on the due date therefor, the Issuer may be unable to meet its obligations (a) under the Related 
Agreement(s) (if any) and/or (b) in respect of the Notes, the Coupons or the Receipts (if any) as and 
when they fall due.  In addition, to the extent that a Related Agreement is terminated, the Issuer may 
also be unable to meet such obligations.  In any such event, and subject to Conditions 7(b) (Early 
Redemption), 7(c) (Purchase) and 7(d) (Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes), the Notes will 
become repayable in accordance with the Conditions.  In any such event, following an early redemption 
of the Notes the amount received may be insufficient to pay all amounts due to the Secured Creditors 
(including the Noteholders). 
The Notes are also capable of being declared immediately due and repayable prior to their stated date 
of maturity or other date or dates for their redemption following the occurrence of any of the Events of 
Default more particularly specified in Condition 10 (Events of Default).  On notice having been given 
to the Issuer by the Trustee following any such occurrence (and the Instructing Creditor may direct the 
Trustee to give such notice), the Notes will become repayable in accordance with the Conditions and 
the Security therefor will become enforceable in accordance with and subject to the provisions of 
Condition 11 (Limited Recourse Enforcement).  On any such enforcement, the amount received may be 
insufficient to pay all amounts due to the Secured Creditors (including the Noteholders). 
(b) 
Early Redemption of Underlying Assets 
If Underlying Assets are redeemed pursuant to an early redemption of such Underlying Assets (an 
“Underlying Early Redemption”) prior to their stated date of maturity (other than by reason of 
payment default (as referred to in Condition 7(b)(i)(A) or as contemplated in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms) and as a result of such early redemption the Issuer’s income would be reduced such that it would 
be unable to make payment of any amount due on the Notes, Coupons or Receipts, then the Notes shall 
be early redeemed upon the Issuer giving not more than 30 nor less than 15 days’ notice (or such other 
number of days as may be provided in the Applicable Transaction Terms or agreed by the Trustee) to 
the Trustee and the Secured Creditors of the date on which the Liquidation Amount shall be applied as 
specified in Condition 4(d) (Application of Proceeds). The Underlying Assets could redeem early for a 
variety of reasons including, without limitation, if the obligor of the Underlying Assets fails to maintain 
any applicable credit rating as specified in the terms of the Underlying Assets. Underlying Assets in the 
form of corporate bonds may also be redeemed early in a variety of circumstances including, without 
limitation, as a result of: (i) a breach of a rating trigger; (ii) a step up or step down coupon mechanic; or 
(iii) a make whole clause. 
(c) 
Subordination of Underlying Assets or Charged Assets 
The Underlying Assets or Charged Assets relating to any Notes may (but are not required to) comprise 
direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the relevant obligor of such Underlying 
Assets or Charged Assets. In the event of any dissolution, liquidation or winding up of such obligor, in 
bankruptcy or otherwise, or the suspension or postponement of its payment obligations, the payment of 
principal and interest on any such subordinated Underlying Assets or Charged Assets will be 
subordinated to the prior payment in full of all such obligor’s present and future unsubordinated 
creditors. As a result of the subordinated nature of such Underlying Assets or Charged Assets, the value 
attributed thereto by dealers in the market is likely to be substantially less than the value attributed to 
unsubordinated debt obligations of such obligor. In particular, the value of such Underlying Assets or 
Charged Assets will be affected if such obligor is or is likely to be dissolved, liquidated or wound up 
and could be zero. The value of the Underlying Assets or Charged Assets is an integral component of 
the Early Redemption Amount that will be payable on the Notes were they to be redeemed early and 
will directly impact the return of the Noteholders upon early redemption.

--- Page 50 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
41 
 
 
(d) 
Suspension of Payments on Underlying Disposal Event 
If at any time within five Business Days prior to a day on which an amount will be due and payable in 
respect of any Series of Notes or other Obligations, the Calculation Agent determines that facts exist 
which may amount to an Underlying Disposal Event, no payment of principal or interest shall be made 
by the relevant Issuer in respect of such Series of Notes or other Obligations during the period of 10 
Business Days following such payment date. If an Underlying Disposal Event occurs during such 
period, then the provisions of Condition 7(b)(i) will apply. However, if on the final Business Day of 
such period, no such determination has been made, then the balance of the principal or interest that 
would otherwise have been payable in respect of such Series of Notes or other Obligations shall be due 
on the second Business Day after such final Business Day of the Underlying Disposal Event Suspension 
Period. Noteholders, holders of Obligations and Couponholders should note that they will not be entitled 
to a further payment as a consequence of the fact that such payment of such principal or interest is 
postponed and that during such suspension period: (i) the Issuer shall make no payments on account of 
principal and/or interest under the Notes or other Obligations; (ii) neither the Issuer nor the Swap 
Counterparty shall make any payments or deliveries under the Swap Agreement (if any); (iii) neither 
the Issuer nor the Repurchase Counterparty shall make any payments or deliveries under the Repurchase 
Agreement (if any); and (iv) neither the Issuer nor the Securities Lending Counterparty shall make any 
payments or deliveries under the Securities Lending Agreement (if any). 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the circumstances giving rise to such potential Underlying 
Disposal Event have been remedied (if possible) or no longer exist such that no related Underlying 
Disposal Event has occurred, then the relevant Issuer will be required to make any payments that would 
otherwise have been payable in respect of the relevant Series of Notes or other Obligations on the second 
Business Day following the date on which the Calculation Agent makes such determination. 
Noteholders, holders of Obligations and Couponholders should note that they will not be entitled to a 
further payment as a consequence of the fact that such payment of such principal or interest is 
postponed. In determining whether a payment failure has (or may have) occurred, the Calculation Agent 
may rely on evidence of non-receipt of funds. 
(e) 
Consequence of Underlying Asset Disruption Event  
If an Underlying Asset Disruption Event occurs (being, in summary, the adjustment or replacement of 
any interest rate, index, benchmark or price source by reference to which any amount payable under the 
Underlying Assets is determined), the Calculation Agent may deliver a notice to the Issuer requiring it 
to (i) amend the terms of the Notes or other Obligations or (ii) redeem the Notes or other Obligations. 
The purpose of any such amendments (the “Underlying Asset Disruption Event Amendments”) must 
be to account for any Underlying Asset Disruption Event Losses/Gains incurred by the Swap 
Counterparty and/or the Repurchase Counterparty and/or the Securities Lending Counterparty, which 
will typically be determined by reference to any difference between the cash flows under the Underlying 
Assets and any transactions in place to hedge the Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the swap 
transactions under the Swap Agreement and/or the Repurchase Counterparty’s obligations under the 
repo transactions under the Repurchase Agreement and/or the Securities Lending Counterparty’s 
obligations under the securities lending transactions under the Securities Lending Agreement (as 
applicable) which have resulted following the occurrence of an Underlying Asset Disruption Event. If 
there are no such hedge transactions, the Underlying Asset Disruption Event Losses/Gains will include 
any change to the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Underlying Assets obligor pursuant to the terms 
of the Underlying Assets following the occurrence of an Underlying Asset Disruption Event. 
The Underlying Asset Disruption Event Amendments may result in any interest amount and/or principal 
amount payable pursuant to the Notes or other Obligations being increased or decreased. Consequently, 
amendments made as a result of an Underlying Asset Disruption Event may not be beneficial to the 
Noteholders or holders of Obligations.

--- Page 51 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
42 
 
 
(f) 
Termination of the Swap Agreement, the Repurchase Agreement and/or the Securities Lending 
Agreement 
Upon an early termination of the Swap Agreement, Repurchase Agreement and/or the Securities 
Lending Agreement each of the Issuers may, except in certain circumstances, be required to make 
termination payments to the Swap Counterparty, the Repurchase Counterparty or the Securities Lending 
Counterparty, as the case may be.  Such payments will be calculated on the basis set out in the relevant 
Swap Agreement, Repurchase Agreement or Securities Lending Agreement, as the case may be, and 
will serve to compensate the relevant Swap Counterparty, Repurchase Counterparty or Securities 
Lending Counterparty, as the case may be, for the loss or cost, if any, incurred by it by reason of such 
early termination.  If any Issuer is required to make termination payments in such circumstances, then 
the applicable Early Redemption Amount of each relevant Series or Tranche of Notes or other 
Obligations will be reduced pro rata accordingly. 
(g) 
Negative Interest Rates 
Negative interest rates may apply from time to time in certain circumstances to any cash funds or other 
amounts or property standing to the credit of any account held by the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer 
which have been transferred by the relevant Counterparty to the Issuer pursuant to a Related Agreement 
(or which originate from assets transferred to the Issuer pursuant to a Related Agreement or the 
Underlying Assets or otherwise). 
To the extent that such negative interest rates were to apply, the Issuer or the relevant Counterparty (as 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) will be liable to fund such payments. If Negative Interest 
is payable by the Issuer, the Issuer shall pay the absolute value of the Negative Interest amount to the 
relevant account specified in the Custody Agreement. If Negative Interest is payable by the 
Counterparty, an additional amount equal to the absolute value of such Negative Interest amount will 
be payable to the Issuer under the Related Agreement and the Counterparty will pay such amount to the 
relevant account specified in the Custody Agreement. 
In such circumstances, the application of any negative interest rates would ultimately be borne by the 
Secured Creditors (which includes the Noteholders) or the Counterparty (unless the Related Agreement 
is terminated as a result of an event of default or termination event thereunder by either the Issuer or 
the Counterparty, in which case the reduction in funds held by the Custodian could increase the amount 
to be claimed by the Issuer from (and therefore the credit risk to) the Counterparty under the Related 
Agreement). 
For the purposes of this risk factor, “Negative Interest” means any amount of negative interest payable 
by the Issuer or the relevant Counterparty (as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) pursuant 
to the terms of the Custody Agreement. 
(h) 
Emerging Markets Risk 
The Underlying Assets of a Tranche or Series of Obligations may be, or the value of such Tranche or 
Series of Obligations may be linked to and dependent upon, assets which are issued by emerging market 
entities or emerging market sovereigns or emerging market currencies.  Investing in emerging market 
entities or emerging markets sovereigns or emerging market currencies involves certain systemic and 
other risks and special considerations.  Investors should consider these risks which include the 
following: 
(i) 
the prices of emerging market assets and currencies have been subject to sharp fluctuations and 
sudden declines.  No assurances can be given as to the future performance of such assets and 
currencies; 
(ii) 
emerging market assets and currencies tend to be relatively illiquid.  Trading volume is lower 
than in debt of higher grade credits.  This may result in wide bids/offer spreads prevailing in 
adverse market conditions. In addition, rates generally quoted for a portion of the relevant 
emerging market asset may be better than can actually be realised on the sale of the entire 
holding of the relevant asset;

--- Page 52 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
43 
 
 
(iii) 
published information in or in respect of emerging market entities and emerging market 
sovereigns has been proven on occasions to be materially inaccurate; and 
(iv) 
the occurrence of certain events such as the imposition or modification of exchange controls 
may result in inconvertibility and/or non-transferability of relevant currencies. 
5. 
Risks relating to the Transaction Parties 
(a) 
Issuers’ Dependency upon Other Parties 
Each of the Issuers will depend upon each of HSBC Bank plc as Issue Agent, Principal Paying Agent, 
Custodian, Registrar and Transfer Agent, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank or such other 
party appointed as Physical Delivery Agent and/or Disposal Agent, as applicable, and HSBC Corporate 
Trustee Company (UK) Limited as Trustee to perform its obligations under the Agency Agreement, the 
Custody Agreement or the Trust Deed (as applicable) and such other parties as outlined below. If any 
of such entities becomes unable to perform its obligations under the Agency Agreement, the Custody 
Agreement and/or the Trust Deed due to insolvency or otherwise, this may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
make payments to the Noteholders or otherwise perform under the Notes. Noteholders should be aware 
that the Common Depositary may be a third party which is not a party to the Agency Agreement or any 
other Transaction Document or Obligation Document. 
The ability of each Issuer to meet its obligations under any Notes will depend on the receipt by it of 
payments under the Swap Agreement (if any), the Repurchase Agreement (if any) or the Securities 
Lending Agreement (if any). If “Pass-through Notes” is specified as applicable in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes will depend upon 
the receipt by it of scheduled payments under the Underlying Assets. 
Consequently, each Issuer is exposed not only to the occurrence of Credit Events in relation to any of 
the Reference Obligations or any Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entity, as applicable), but 
also to the ability of the Swap Counterparty (if any), the Repurchase Counterparty (if any), the Securities 
Lending Counterparty (if any) and, failing which, of the Swap Guarantor (if any), the Repurchase 
Guarantor (if any) or the Securities Lending Guarantor (if any) to perform their obligations under the 
Swap Agreement (if any), the Repurchase Agreement (if any), the Securities Lending Agreement (if 
any) or, as applicable, any guarantee in respect thereof or the Charged Assets. 
The receipt by each Issuer of payments under the Swap Agreement (if any), the Repurchase Agreement 
(if any) or the Securities Lending Agreement (if any) is also dependent on the timely payment by each 
Issuer of its obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement, the relevant Repurchase Agreement or the 
relevant Securities Lending Agreement.  Consequently, the relevant Issuer, and therefore the 
Noteholders, will be exposed to a payment delay or failure in respect of any underlying fund or assets 
and/or the ability of the counterparty to any such agreement to perform its obligations under such 
agreement and to the creditworthiness of such counterparty. 
Under the Custody Agreement, the Issuer authorises the Custodian to hold the collateral it holds under 
the Custody Agreement (which includes, without limitation, the Underlying Assets and any collateral 
posted under a Related Agreement and any cash and/or assets received therefrom, the “Collateral”) in 
the Custodian’s account or accounts with any other sub-custodian, any securities depositary or at such 
other account keeper or clearing system as the Custodian deems to be appropriate for the type of 
instruments which comprise the Collateral. 
Where the Collateral is held with a sub-custodian, securities depositary or clearing system, the ability 
of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Notes will be dependent upon receipt by the 
Issuer of payments from the Custodian under the Custody Agreement for the Notes (if the Collateral is 
so held) and, in turn, the Custodian will be dependent (in whole or in part) upon receipt of payments 
from such sub-custodian, securities depositary or clearing system. Consequently, the Noteholders are 
relying not only on the creditworthiness of the Collateral and the Custodian in respect of the 
performance of its obligations under the Custody Agreement for such Notes, but also on the 
creditworthiness of any duly appointed sub-custodian, securities depositary or clearing system holding

--- Page 53 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
44 
 
 
the Collateral subject to any relevant provisions or arrangements intended to provide that custody assets 
held by sub-custodians would not be available to its creditors on any insolvency of the sub-custodian. 
In particular, the Custodian is authorised to hold Collateral in the form of securities with sub-custodians 
in omnibus accounts. Where securities are held in an omnibus account, this may result in such securities 
not being as well protected as if the securities were held in a segregated account. If there are insufficient 
securities to meet the claims of all persons holding securities in that account, the Issuer may not recover 
some or all of its securities, which would adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations 
with respect to the Notes. 
Pursuant to their terms of engagement, sub-custodians, security depositaries or clearing systems may 
have liens or rights of set-off with respect to the Collateral held with them in relation to any of their 
fees and/or expenses. If, for whatever reason, the Custodian fails to pay such fees and/or expenses, the 
relevant sub-custodian, security depositary or clearing system may exercise such lien or right of set-off, 
which may result in the Issuer failing to receive any payments due to it in respect of the Collateral, and 
thereby adversely affecting the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
Therefore, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Notes will not only be 
dependent upon receipt by the Issuer of payments from the Custodian under the Custody Agreement for 
the Notes (if the Collateral is so held) but will also be dependent on any sub-custodian, security 
depositary or clearing system not exercising any lien or right of set-off in respect of any Collateral that 
it holds. Consequently, the Noteholders are relying not only on the creditworthiness of the Collateral, 
but also on the creditworthiness of the Custodian in paying when due any fees or expenses of such sub-
custodian, security depositary or clearing system. 
(b) 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
EU Member States were required to implement Directive 2014/59/EU of the Parliament and of the 
Council of the European Union establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms (the “BRRD”) by 31 December 2014, with the provisions of the 
BRRD applying as of 1 January 2015. It has been designed to provide authorities with a credible set of 
tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the 
continuity of the institution’s critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of 
an institution’s failure on the economy and financial system. 
The BRRD, inter alia, contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in 
combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely 
to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures or supervisory 
action would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe and (c) a resolution 
action is in the public interest, as follows: 
(i) 
the sale of business, which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the firm or the 
whole or part of its business on commercial terms; 
(ii) 
the creation and use of a bridge institution, which enables resolution authorities to transfer all 
or part of the business of the firm to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose 
that is wholly or partially in public control); 
(iii) 
asset separation, which enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problem assets to 
one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a 
view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this may only be 
used together with another resolution tool); and 
(iv) 
a bail-in tool, which gives resolution authorities the power to write-down certain claims of 
unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims to 
equity, which equity could also be subject to any future application of the general bail-in tool. 
The BRRD, together with other EU regulations and directives, has been implemented by the so-called 
banking reform package which entered into force in June 2019. With respect to the BRRD, the relevant 
changes set out in Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council amending

--- Page 54 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
45 
 
 
Directive 2014/59/EU (the “BRRD II”) mostly needed to be implemented in the respective national 
laws of the member states of the EU by end of 2020. The new rules comprise capital adequacy 
regulations as well as resolution regulations. The changes aim to ensure that EU rules reflect 
internationally agreed principles on total loss-absorbing capacity. 
Noteholders should note that a consequence of the implementation of the BRRD II in EU countries is 
that certain obligations of a credit institution or an investment firm (such as those of a Swap 
Counterparty) may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity on any application of the senior 
debt bail-in tool, which may result in the Issuers being unable to meet their obligations under the Notes 
and Noteholders losing some or all of their investment. The exercise of any power under the BRRD II 
or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of the Issuers and 
consequently, the Noteholders, the price or value of Noteholders’ investment in any Notes and/or the 
ability of entities such as Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and/or HSBC Bank plc in its 
capacities as Paying Agent, Registrar and Transfer Agent under the Agency Agreement as applicable, 
to satisfy their obligations to the Issuers. See “Issuers’ Dependency upon Other Parties” above. 
In the UK, the provisions of the BRRD have been transposed into domestic law, subject to some changes 
required to reflect the UK’s new position outside the EU. 
For the purposes of this section “Risk Factors”, the terms: 
(i) 
“Reference Entity”, “Reference Obligation”, “Notional Reference Entity”, “Credit Event”, 
“ISDA Master Agreement”, “Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee” and “Succession 
Event” shall have the meaning set out in the applicable Swap Agreement; 
(ii) 
“Repurchase Agreement” shall have the meaning set out in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
relating to the Notes; 
(iii) 
“Repurchase Counterparty” shall mean Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, in its 
capacity as counterparty under the Repurchase Agreement, unless specified otherwise in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms; 
(iv) 
“Securities Lending Agreement” shall have the meaning set out in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms relating to the Notes; 
(v) 
“Securities Lending Counterparty” shall mean Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 
in its capacity as counterparty under the Securities Lending Agreement, unless specified 
otherwise in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
(vi) 
“Swap Agreement” shall have the meaning set out in the Applicable Transaction Terms relating 
to the Notes; and 
(vii) 
“Swap Counterparty” shall mean Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, in its 
capacity as counterparty under the Swap Agreement, unless specified otherwise in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms.

--- Page 55 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
46 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
Any statement contained herein or in a document all or the relative portion of which is incorporated by reference 
herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a 
statement contained in any subsequent document all or the relative portion of which is or is deemed to be read 
in conjunction with this Base Prospectus modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise). 
Premium Green’s audited financial statements in respect of the periods ending on 31 March 2019 and 31 March 
2020 have been filed with Euronext Dublin, the Central Bank and Wiener Börse AG and are incorporated by 
reference herein.  Copies of Premium Green’s audited financial statements for the years ended 31 March 2019 
and 
31 
March 
2020 
may 
be 
obtained 
from 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Premium%20Green%20Signed%20Financial%20Statements%2031.03.20
19_fa1573ee-b567-41aa-bf59-87ecc7ffc1a8.PDF 
and 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Premium+Green+31.03.20
20+signed+FS+with+audit+opinion_04636fdc-42a7-464c-9b44-0f47be097c64.pdf respectively. 
PREMIUM Plus audited financial statements in respect of the periods ending on 31 March 2019 and 31 March 
2020 have been filed with Euronext Dublin, the Central Bank and Wiener Börse AG and are incorporated by 
reference herein. Copies of PREMIUM Plus’s audited financial statements for the years ended 31 March 2019 
and 
31 March 
2020 
may 
be 
obtained 
from 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Premium%20Plus%20Financial%20Statements%202019_0f0dbdee-6156-
4938-b55d-7ba3ef36ef96.PDF 
and 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202106/a69a495a-019a-47bb-917
5-3083a54b23d6.PDF respectively.

--- Page 56 ---
Description of the Programme 
 
 
47 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by 
the remainder of, this document and (a) in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Series or 
Tranche of Notes, the Applicable Transaction Terms in which any of the terms and conditions may be varied; 
and (b) in relation to other forms of Obligations, the Obligation Documents.  Words or expressions defined or 
used in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” and in the Applicable Transaction Terms shall have the same 
meaning in this description: 
Issuers: 
Premium Green PLC and PREMIUM Plus p.l.c. (each, an “Existing Issuer”) or the 
Specified Company which is stipulated for the Series in question in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms or the Obligation Documents, as applicable, and which (save for 
an Existing Issuer) has executed a Deed of Accession. 
 
References herein to the “Issuer” are references to the relevant Issuer in respect of 
(and only to the extent of) the Obligations issued, created or incurred by it and in 
respect of the Master Documents to the extent that it is bound by them and such 
references specifically exclude any other Issuer. 
 
Information relating to each Existing Issuer is contained herein.  Information relating 
to each Specified Company will be contained in a supplemental base prospectus (the 
“Supplemental Base Prospectus”).  This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed in conjunction with any Supplemental Base Prospectus. 
 
Information relating to the Obligations to be issued by an Issuer will be contained in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms or the Obligation Documents, as applicable, 
prepared by such Issuer and information relating to the Charged Assets will also be 
contained in the Applicable Transaction Terms or the Obligation Documents, as 
applicable. 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifiers 
Premium Green PLC: 5493000S7VTDPDFJCP28 
PREMIUM Plus p.l.c.: 549300LQCCIRUN5YOU52 
Description: 
PREMIUM Multi Issuer Asset-Backed Medium Term Note Programme.  Pursuant to 
the Master Documents, Specified Companies may issue, create or incur Obligations 
which take the form of Notes, loans, options, warrants, certificates, murabaha 
transactions, deposits, mudaraba transactions, letters of credit, derivative transactions, 
contracts for the sale or purchase of assets, repurchase transactions, securities lending 
transactions, guarantees or a combination of the foregoing under the Programme on a 
several basis. 
Arrangers: 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank or such other arrangers as may be 
appointed from time to time pursuant to the Programme Dealer Agreement. 
Dealer: 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank or such other party or parties as may 
be appointed as dealer from time to time pursuant to the Programme Dealer 
Agreement.  Pursuant to the terms of the Programme Dealer Agreement, the Issuer 
may terminate the appointment of any Dealer or appoint further dealers for a 
particular Series of Notes. 
 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which particular laws, 
guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be 
issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and Sale” 
below). 
Issue Agent: 
HSBC Bank plc, or such other issue agent as may be appointed in relation to a 
particular Series of Notes.

--- Page 57 ---
Description of the Programme 
 
 
48 
 
 
Trustee: 
HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited, or such other trustee as may be 
appointed in relation to a particular Series. 
Principal 
Paying 
Agent: 
HSBC Bank plc, or with the prior written consent of the Trustee, such other principal 
paying agent as may be appointed in relation to a particular Series of Notes.   
The Principal Paying Agent shall at all times be a financial institution with a rating 
satisfying the Required Principal Paying Agent Rating. In the event that the rating of 
the Principal Paying Agent does not satisfy the Required Principal Paying Agent 
Rating or any of the Principal Paying Agent’s ratings is withdrawn, it shall notify the 
Issuer and the Trustee as soon as practicable and the Issuer, with the consent of the 
Trustee, shall use reasonable endeavours to procure that (a) a replacement Principal 
Paying Agent is appointed whose rating satisfies the Required Principal Paying Agent 
Rating, and (b) that such replacement is made within 30 days of the aforementioned 
breach of required rating, unless either (i) a Rating Agency Confirmation is obtained 
from the Rating Agencies (ii) the Issuer takes such other action as agreed with the 
Rating Agencies and the Initial Calculation Agent consents thereto. 
In the event that the Principal Paying Agent no longer satisfies the Required Principal 
Paying Agent Rating (regardless of whether such Series of Notes or other Obligations 
is rated), the Principal Paying Agent shall notify the Trustee and the Issuer forthwith 
and the Principal Paying Agent’s appointment hereunder shall be terminated with 
effect from the date falling 33 days thereafter (subject to the appointment of a 
successor at the cost of the Issuer), unless either (i) a Rating Agency Confirmation is 
obtained from the Rating Agencies; (ii) the Issuer takes such other action as agreed 
with the Rating Agencies and the Initial Calculation Agent consents thereto; or (iii) 
in the case of a Series of unrated Notes or other Obligations, the Issuer takes such 
other action and the Initial Calculation Agent consents thereto. 
The foregoing shall be subject to such other ratings requirements that may be agreed 
with the relevant Rating Agency for the relevant Series of Notes. 
In the case of certain Bearer Notes, such Paying Agent will be located outside the 
United States. 
Custodian: 
HSBC Bank plc, or such other custodian as may be appointed in relation to a particular 
Series. 
The Custodian shall at all times be a financial institution with a rating satisfying the 
Required Custodian Rating. The Custodian shall not be responsible for monitoring its 
ongoing rating(s). In the event, however, that the rating of the Custodian does not 
satisfy the Required Custodian Rating or is withdrawn, it shall notify the Issuer and 
the Trustee as soon as practicable (save that the Custodian shall not incur any liability 
as a result of a failure to do so) and the Issuer, with the consent of the Trustee, shall 
use reasonable endeavours to procure that (a) a replacement Custodian is appointed 
who satisfies the Required Custodian Rating and (b) that such replacement is made 
not earlier than the date falling 33 days after the aforementioned breach of required 
rating, unless either (i) a Rating Agency Confirmation is obtained from the Rating 
Agencies; or (ii) the Issuer takes such other action as agreed with the Rating Agencies 
and the Initial Calculation Agent consents thereto. 
In addition and without prejudice to the foregoing, so long as any of the Notes remain 
outstanding, and to the extent the Custody (Cash) Account(s) in respect of such Series 
of Notes hold, at any time, an amount of Cash equal to or greater than 20 per cent. of 
the outstanding Principal Amount of such Series of Notes and the Series of Notes has 
a rating higher than that of the Custodian at the relevant time, the Custodian holding 
the Custody (Cash) Account(s) on behalf of the Issuer shall maintain a required rating 
of A+ (or A in the event the Custodian has a short term senior unsecured debt rating 
of at least A-1) by the Rating Agency (provided that such required rating shall be

--- Page 58 ---
Description of the Programme 
 
 
49 
 
 
reduced to A in circumstances where such Custody (Cash) Account(s) hold an amount 
of Cash equal to less than 20 per cent. of the outstanding Principal Amount of such 
Notes), unless (i) a Rating Agency Confirmation is obtained from Standard & Poor’s, 
(ii) the Issuer takes such other action as agreed with Standard & Poor’s and the Initial 
Calculation Agent consents thereto or (iii) the then current rating of the relevant Series 
of Notes is the same as or lower than that for the Custodian. 
In the event that the rating ascribed to the Custodian’s unsubordinated short term 
indebtedness by the Rating Agencies is less than the Required Custodian Rating 
(regardless of whether such Series of Notes or other Obligations is rated), the 
Custodian shall notify the Trustee and the Issuer forthwith (save that the Custodian 
shall not incur any liability as a result of a failure to do so) and, unless otherwise 
agreed with the relevant Issuer(s), the Custodian’s appointment under the Custody 
Agreement in respect of each Series of Notes and/or other Obligations in relation to 
which it is acting as Custodian shall be terminated not earlier than the date falling 33 
days thereafter. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Custodian shall not be responsible for identifying any 
replacement and/or for the cost of the appointment of any replacement custodian 
(including, without limitation, the fees of any such replacement). 
The foregoing shall be subject to such other ratings requirements that may be agreed 
with the relevant Rating Agency for the relevant Series of Notes. 
Registrar 
and 
Transfer Agent: 
HSBC Bank plc, or such other registrar or transfer agent as may be appointed in 
relation to a particular Series of Notes. 
Paying Agents: 
HSBC Bank plc, or such other paying agent(s) as may be appointed in relation to a 
particular Series of Notes. 
Disposal Agent: 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, or such other disposal agent as may 
be appointed in relation to a particular Series of Notes. 
Listing Agent: 
As regards Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin or the Vienna MTF, Arthur Cox 
Listing Services Limited and any other listing agent appointed from time to time. 
Issuer Limit(s): 
Up to the maximum amount of (i) Euro 25,000,000,000 outstanding (or its equivalent 
in other currencies calculated as set out herein) with respect to Premium Green PLC 
and (ii) Euro 25,000,000,000 outstanding (or its equivalent in other currencies, 
calculated as set out herein) with respect to PREMIUM Plus p.l.c. (each an “Issuer 
Limit”).  Under the terms of the Programme Dealer Agreement, each Issuer Limit 
may be increased, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions set out therein. 
 
For the purpose of calculating the Euro (the “Base Currency”) equivalent of the 
principal amount of Notes outstanding under the Programme issued by the Issuer from 
time to time, the Base Currency equivalent of Notes denominated in another currency 
shall be determined by the Issue Agent on the basis of the Exchange Rate either as of 
the issue date of such Notes (the “Agreement Date”) or on the last preceding day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets were open for business in 
London.  As used herein, the “Exchange Rate” against the Base Currency for any 
currency means the spot rate for the sale of the Base Currency against the purchase 
of such currency in the London foreign exchange market quoted by any leading bank 
selected by the Issue Agent at any time on the relevant day of calculation. 
 
The Base Currency equivalent of any dual currency Notes (the “Dual Currency 
Notes”), the repayment of principal or interest (subject to exercise of the switch option 
pursuant to Condition 6(o) (Switch Option) of the Notes, if specified as applicable in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms) of which is linked to an index or formula (the 
“Index/Formula-Linked Notes”) and Notes the subscription price for which is 
payable in instalments (the “Partly Paid Notes”) shall be calculated in the manner

--- Page 59 ---
Description of the Programme 
 
 
50 
 
 
specified above by reference to the original principal amount on the issue of such 
Notes (in the case of Partly Paid Notes regardless of the amount of the subscription 
price paid).  The Base Currency equivalent of any Notes which do not bear interest or 
under which interest is capitalised rather than paid periodically (the “Zero Coupon 
Notes”) or any other Note issued at a discount or a premium shall be calculated in the 
manner specified above by reference to the net proceeds receivable by the Issuer for 
such Notes. 
Limited Recourse: 
With respect to each Series, a specified pool of assets (the “Underlying Assets”) and 
other rights of the Issuer (all as specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed and/or 
identified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or Obligation Documents, as 
applicable) which are attributable to that Series, including the rights of the Issuer 
under any Related Agreement and any other agreement entered into in connection 
with that Series (such rights, together with the Underlying Assets being the “Charged 
Assets”) will be available to meet the obligations of the Issuer in respect of that Series 
and other obligations of the Issuer (all as specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed 
and/or identified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or Obligation Documents, as 
applicable) attributable to that Series including the obligations of the Issuer under any 
Related Agreement entered into in connection with that Series (such obligations being 
the “Secured Obligations” and the creditors to whom they are owed being the 
“Secured Creditors”). 
 
If the amounts realised from the Underlying Assets (whether or not any security 
granted in respect thereof has been enforced) are insufficient to make payment of all 
amounts due in respect of the Notes and/or other Obligations of the relevant Series 
and all other Secured Obligations with respect to that Series, no other assets of the 
Issuer will be available to meet that shortfall.  Any such shortfall shall be borne in 
accordance with the Order of Priority (in reverse order) as specified in the 
Supplemental Trust Deed and/or stated in the Applicable Transaction Terms and any 
claim of the Noteholders or of any other Secured Creditor with respect to that Series 
remaining after such realisation and application shall be extinguished. 
Security: 
The Issuers will, except as set out in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or 
Obligation Documents, as applicable, create security interests over the Charged 
Assets with respect to each Series (the “Security”) in favour of the Trustee for itself 
and the other Secured Creditors in order to secure the Secured Obligations with 
respect to that Series.  The Security will be granted in the Supplemental Trust Deed 
which will be supported by such further security documents as may, from time to 
time, be required by the Trustee in respect of each Series. 
 
The Trustee is only entitled to enforce the Security created by a Supplemental Trust 
Deed if an Event of Default or Early Redemption Event occurs with respect to the 
Series the subject of such Supplemental Trust Deed.  No Security created by any 
Issuer in respect of any Series shall benefit holders or other secured creditors of any 
other Series issued, created or incurred by (or any other creditors of) it or any other 
Issuer. 
 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Principal Trust Deed will also be secured by 
an assignment to the Trustee by way of first fixed security of all such Issuer’s rights, 
title and interest in and to the entire benefit of, the Programme Dealer Agreement and 
the relevant Corporate Services Agreement. 
 
If the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms provides that the Issuer may purchase 
Notes, or redeem Notes or exercise an option in relation thereto, the Underlying 
Assets or a proportionate part thereof in relation to such Notes shall be released from 
the security created in respect thereof. Additionally, if the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Term provides that the Issuer shall enter into a Related Agreement 
including in connection therewith a Credit Support Document, if any, the relevant 
portion of the Underlying Assets, credit support under the Credit Support Document

--- Page 60 ---
Description of the Programme 
 
 
51 
 
 
(if any) held by the Issuer or other Charged Assets may be released from the security 
created in respect thereof to the extent due from the Issuer to the Counterparty under 
the Related Agreement and any such Credit Support Document (if any). The terms of 
each such release will be set out in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
Priority of Claims: 
The priority of claims of the Noteholders of each Series of Notes, the Secured 
Creditors and the Counterparty (as defined in Condition 4(a) (Related Agreements) 
will be “Counterparty Priority” or, if specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms, “Noteholder Priority”, or, if specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms, “Pari Passu Priority”, or as otherwise specified as “Other 
Priority” in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms.  See “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Condition 4(d) (Application of Proceeds)”. 
Instructing 
Creditor: 
The relevant Applicable Transaction Terms and Supplemental Trust Deed will 
specify in relation to that Series of Notes whether the Instructing Creditor is: 
 
(a) 
the Counterparty only; or 
 
(b) 
the Noteholders only. 
 
The Instructing Creditor is not necessarily the Noteholders. If the Applicable 
Transaction Terms do not so specify, the Instructing Creditor shall be the 
Counterparty. 
 
Where the Instructing Creditor is the Noteholders, the Noteholders can (where 
specified) request the Trustee to take certain actions contemplated in the 
Conditions by means of a request in writing of the holders of at least three quarters in 
principal amount of the Notes of such Series then outstanding (together with proof of 
holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee) of such holders), unless 
otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, or by means of an 
Extraordinary Resolution of such Noteholders. 
Where the Instructing Creditor is the Counterparty and sums are due but unpaid to the 
Counterparty (otherwise the Instructing Creditor shall be the Noteholders), the 
Counterparty may (where specified) request the Trustee to take actions contemplated 
in the Conditions by means of a written request and the Trustee may, if the Trustee 
determines that to do so would not be materially prejudicial to the Noteholders, act 
upon such instruction. 
Enforcement 
of 
Security: 
The security in relation to any Series will become enforceable upon the Trustee giving 
an Enforcement Notice (as defined in Condition 10 (Events of Default) or otherwise 
in the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed) to the Issuer of that Series subsequent to an 
Event of Default or Early Redemption Event of that Series (or Tranche of Notes, as 
the case may be) or as otherwise provided in the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed. 
 
The Trustee shall not be bound to give any Enforcement Notice in respect of any 
Series of Notes, to take any steps or institute any proceedings to enforce the security 
for any Series or to enforce payment of any amount due and payable under or pursuant 
to the Notes of any Series or the Related Agreement, the Principal Trust Deed or any 
Transaction Documents unless it shall have been so requested by the Instructing 
Creditor in relation to such Series and has been secured and/or indemnified to its 
satisfaction. 
 
No Secured Creditor shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the 
Trustee, having first become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the 
Principal Trust Deed, fails or neglects to do so within a reasonable period of time. 
Method of Issue: 
Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis in series (each a 
“Series”), having one or more settlement or issue dates; the Notes of each Series being 
intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series (if applicable).

--- Page 61 ---
Description of the Programme 
 
 
52 
 
 
Further Notes may be issued as part of an existing Series only in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Notes. 
 
Obligations other than Notes will be created in the manner described in the relevant 
Obligation Documents. 
Tranches of Notes: 
Each Series of Notes may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) and may have 
different settlement or issue dates.  The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be 
supplemented, where necessary, with supplemental terms and conditions) will be set 
out in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
Fungible Tranches: 
A Series of Notes may comprise a number of tranches (each a “Tranche”) which will 
be issued on identical terms save for the first payment of interest.  Notes of different 
Tranches of the same Series will be fungible except as described in “Risk 
Factors - Fungibility of Notes” above, and as provided in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms.  If a further Tranche (a “Further Tranche”) is issued in respect of a Series 
under which a Tranche or Tranches of Notes have already been issued (an “Original 
Tranche” and “Original Tranches”) the pool of assets (the “Further Charged 
Assets”) relating to such Further Tranche will be fungible with or otherwise 
equivalent to the Underlying Assets for the Original Tranche or Original Tranches 
(the “Original Underlying Assets”). 
Prioritised 
Tranches: 
A Series of Notes may comprise one or more Tranches which are issued on the same 
date and which provide that the claims of the holders of one such Tranche rank prior 
or are subordinated to the claims of the holders of another Tranche of the same Series.  
The terms applicable to such Notes will be specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms for such Series. 
Currencies: 
A Series of Notes may be issued in any currency or currencies as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and regulatory requirements. 
Maturities: 
The Notes may have any maturity (or in each case such other minimum or maximum 
maturity as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or under any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer). 
Notes 
with 
a 
maturity 
of 
less 
than one year: 
Notes issued on terms that they must be redeemed before their first anniversary will, 
if the proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute deposits 
for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in Section 9 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) unless they are issued to a 
limited class of professional investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 
or its equivalent. 
 
Where an Issuer incorporated in Ireland wishes to issue Notes with a maturity of less 
than one year, it shall ensure that it is in full compliance with the conditions set out 
in Notice BSD C01/02 issued by the Central Bank of Ireland dated 12 November 2002 
and in accordance with an exemption granted under section 8(2) of the Central Bank 
Act, 1971 (as amended) of Ireland, including that the Notes comply with, inter alia, 
the following criteria: 
 
(A) 
at the time of issue, the Notes must be backed by assets to at least 100 per 
cent. of the value of the Notes issued; 
 
(B) 
at the time of issue, the Notes must be rated at least investment grade by one 
or more recognised rating agencies; 
 
(C) 
the Notes must be issued and transferable in minimum denominations of 
EUR300,000 or the foreign currency equivalent;

--- Page 62 ---
Description of the Programme 
 
 
53 
 
 
 
(D) 
the Notes carry the title “Commercial Paper” (unless constituted under the 
laws of a country other than Ireland and, under those laws, the commercial 
paper carried a different title in which case it must carry such title) and must 
identify the issuer by name; 
 
(E) 
the Notes state on their face that they are issued in accordance with an 
exemption granted under Section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act, 1971, inserted 
by Section 31 of the Central Bank Act, 1989, as amended by Section 70(d) of 
the Central Bank Act, 1997, each amended by the Central Bank and Financial 
Services Authority of Ireland Act, 2004; 
 
(F) 
it must be stated explicitly on the face of the Notes and, where applicable, in 
the contract between the Issuer and the holders of the Notes that the 
investment does not have the status of a bank deposit, is not within the scope 
of the Deposit Protection Scheme operated by the Central Bank and that the 
Issuer is not regulated by the Central Bank arising from the issue of the Notes; 
and 
 
(G) 
any issue of Notes which is guaranteed must carry a statement to the effect 
that it is guaranteed and identify the guarantor by name. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par and either on a 
fully paid or partly paid basis. 
Form of Notes: 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued in bearer form (the “Bearer Notes”), registered 
form (the “Registered Notes”) or dematerialised form (the “Dematerialised Notes”).  
Bearer Notes may be exchanged for Registered Notes, in accordance with 
Condition 2(a) (Exchange of Bearer Notes).  Notes issued in registered form will not 
be exchangeable for Notes in bearer form. 
 
The Bearer Notes will initially be represented by a temporary global note without 
interest coupons (each a “Temporary Global Note”) which will be deposited (a) in 
the case of a Series intended to be cleared through Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. as 
operator of the Euroclear system (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking, société 
anonyme (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) on or before the Issue Date with either (i) a 
depository or a common depository (if the Bearer Note is not intended to be issued in 
Eurosystem-eligible NGN form (as defined below)) or (ii) a common safekeeper (if 
the Bearer Note is intended to be issued in Eurosystem-eligible NGN form (as defined 
below)) on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or (b) in the case of 
a Series intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as agreed between the Issuer, the Issue Agent and the 
relevant Dealer.  No interest will be payable in respect of a Temporary Global Note, 
except as described under “Summary of Conditions Relating to the Notes while in 
Global Form”.  Interests in a Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, in 
accordance with its terms, for interests in a permanent global note (each a 
“Permanent Global Note”) representing Notes of the relevant Tranche or, if so 
specified, for Notes in definitive bearer form (the “Definitive Notes”) and/or 
Registered Notes in definitive form represented by registered note certificates (each, 
a “Registered Note Certificate”).  Each Permanent Global Note will be 
exchangeable, in accordance with its terms, for Definitive Notes and/or, if so specified 
in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, for Registered Note Certificates in the 
circumstances described under “Summary of Conditions Relating to the Notes while 
in Global Form”.  Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, either have interest 
coupons (the “Coupons”) attached and, if appropriate, a talon (a “Talon”) for further 
Coupons and will, if the principal thereof is repayable by instalments, have payment 
receipts (the “Receipts”) attached.  Each Bearer Note (and any interest therein), 
whether represented by a Temporary Global Note, Permanent Global Note, Definitive

--- Page 63 ---
Description of the Programme 
 
 
54 
 
 
Note or Registered Note Certificate, may only be offered and sold to non-U.S. persons 
in offshore transactions satisfying the requirements of Regulation S. 
 
The issuance, sale or exchange of any Bearer Notes will comply with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or substantially identical successor provisions (the “TEFRA C 
Rules”) or the U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or substantially identical 
successor provisions (the “TEFRA D Rules”), if applicable, as stated in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
 
Registered Notes will initially be represented by Regulation S global notes (the 
“Regulation S Global Notes”) or Rule 144A global notes (the “Rule 144A Global 
Notes”, and together with the Regulation S Global Notes, the “Registered Global 
Notes”), as applicable.  One Registered Global Note will be issued in respect of each 
Noteholder’s entire holding of Registered Notes of each Series.  A Registered Note 
held in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be registered in the name of a 
nominee for either (i) a common depository for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (if the Registered Note is not intended to be issued in 
Eurosystem-eligible NSSGN form (as defined below)) or (ii) Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg acting as common safekeeper (if the Registered Note is 
intended to be issued in Eurosystem- eligible NSSGN form (as defined below)). A 
Registered Note held in the Depositary Trust Company (“DTC”) will be deposited 
with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC. Obligations 
(other than Notes) may not be cleared through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or DTC. 
 
Dematerialised Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry 
form and in accordance with all applicable laws of the relevant jurisdiction of the 
relevant alternative clearing system and the rules and regulations of such alternative 
clearing system.  Each Dematerialised Note may only be offered and sold to non-U.S. 
persons in offshore transactions satisfying the requirements of Regulation S. 
 
For a further discussion of the form of the Notes see “Summary of Conditions Relating 
to the Notes while in Global Form”. 
Eurosystem-eligibl
e NGN Form and 
Eurosystem-eligibl
e NSSGN Form: 
If specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, any Global Notes issued from time 
to time by Premium Green or PREMIUM Plus under the Programme may be intended 
to be held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem eligibility which means that they 
are intended to be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra¬day credit operations by the Eurosystem.  To this end, Temporary Global 
Notes or Permanent Global Notes may be issued by Premium Green or PREMIUM 
Plus under the Programme in the Eurosystem-eligible NGN form and Registered 
Global Notes may be issued by Premium Green or PREMIUM Plus under the 
Programme in the Eurosystem-eligible NSSGN form.  A Temporary Global Note or 
a Permanent Global Note, in either case where the Applicable Transaction Terms 
specify that such Note is intended to be issued in new global form note is referred to 
as a “New Global Note” or “NGN” and an NGN which is intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility, as indicated in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms, is referred to as a “Eurosystem-eligible NGN”.  A 
Registered Global Note where the Applicable Transaction Terms specify that such 
Note is intended to be issued under the new safekeeping structure implemented on 
30 June 2010 by the ICSDs is referred to as a “NSS Global Note” or “NSSGN” and 
an NSSGN which is intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility, as indicated in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, is referred to as 
a “Eurosystem-eligible NSSGN”.  The “Eurosystem” refers to the European System 
of Central Banks as the term is used by the Governing Council of the European 
Central Bank. 
 
In addition, to the extent that an Applicable Transaction Term specifies that such Note 
is intended to be issued as a New Global Note or a NSS Global Note and upon the

--- Page 64 ---
Description of the Programme 
 
 
55 
 
 
issuance thereof, such New Global Note or NSS Global Note (as the case may be) 
will be deposited with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Loans, 
Options, 
Derivative 
Transactions 
and 
other 
Secured 
Obligations: 
Obligations may also be in the form of loans, options, warrants, certificates, murabaha 
transactions, deposits, mudaraba transactions, letters of credit, derivative transactions, 
contracts for the sale and/or repurchase of assets, repurchase transactions and 
securities lending transactions or a combination of the foregoing.  Obligations (other 
than Notes) may not be cleared through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
DTC. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed Rate Notes will bear interest (subject to exercise of the switch option pursuant 
to Condition 6(o) (Switch Option) of the Notes, if specified as applicable in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms) at a fixed rate and interest for such Series will be 
payable in arrear on such date(s) and at such rate(s) as agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) (as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms). 
Floating 
Rate 
Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest (subject to exercise of the switch option 
pursuant to Condition 6(o) (Switch Option) of the Notes, if specified as applicable in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms) at a rate set separately for each Series as may be 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms either on the basis of a reference rate 
appearing on an agreed screen page of a commercial quotation service or on the basis 
of quotations from reference banks or on such other basis as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as adjusted for any applicable Margin (as 
defined in Condition 6(i) (Rounding) and as specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms). 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate 
or both. 
Interest 
Periods 
and Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest rate or its 
method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant for any Series.  The 
use of interest periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same 
interest period.  All such information will be specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms. 
Variable 
Coupon 
Amount Notes: 
The Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of each issue of Variable Coupon 
Amount Notes will specify the basis for calculating the amounts of interest (subject 
to exercise of the switch option pursuant to Condition 6(o) (Switch Option) of the 
Notes, if specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms) payable, which 
may be by reference to a debt, equity or commodity index or formula or as otherwise 
provided in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
Variable 
Redemption 
Amount Notes: 
The Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of each issue of Variable Redemption 
Amount Notes will specify the basis for calculating the amounts payable on 
redemption, which may be by reference to a debt, equity or commodity index or 
formula or as otherwise provided in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
Zero 
Coupon 
Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be offered and sold at their principal amount or at a discount 
or premium to it and will not bear periodic interest, but may bear interest after the due 
date for redemption or upon acceleration thereof (subject to exercise of the switch 
option pursuant to Condition 6(o) (Switch Option) of the Notes, if specified as 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms). 
Change of Interest 
Basis: 
Notes may be converted from one interest basis to another in the manner set out in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
 
Noteholders may also exercise the switch option as set out in Condition 6(o) (Switch 
Option) of the Notes, if specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms.

--- Page 65 ---
Description of the Programme 
 
 
56 
 
 
Dual 
Currency 
Notes: 
Payments (whether in respect of principal or interest and whether at maturity or 
otherwise) in respect of Dual Currency Notes will be made in accordance with the 
procedures of the relevant clearing system in such currencies, and based upon such 
rates of exchange, as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree (as specified in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms). 
Index/Formula-Lin
ked Notes: 
Payments (whether in respect of principal or interest (subject to exercise of the switch 
option pursuant to Condition 6(o) (Switch Option) of the Notes, if specified as 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms) and whether at maturity or 
otherwise) in respect of Index/Formula-Linked Notes may be calculated by reference 
to such index or indices and/or formula or formulae as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) may agree (as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms). 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes: 
If so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms and on the terms set out therein, 
Notes of any Series may be credit linked notes (the “Credit Linked Notes”) and the 
Applicable Transaction Terms will specify the terms of the credit linking, including 
details of any credit events (the “Credit Events”), reference entities, reference 
obligations, reference securities, obligations and deliverable obligations.  Upon the 
occurrence of a Credit Event, as determined by a determination agent specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, the Credit Linked Notes may be redeemed early or the 
principal and/or interest thereof may be reduced in the manner set out in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
Partly Paid Notes 
The issue price of Partly Paid Notes will be paid in more than one part payment, as 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
Other Notes: 
Terms applicable to pass-through notes, high interest notes, low interest notes, step-up 
notes, step-down notes, instalment notes and any other type of note (other than profit 
sharing notes) which the Issuer and the Dealer(s) may agree to issue under the 
Programme will be set out in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
Optional 
Redemption: 
The relevant Applicable Transaction Terms issued in respect of each Series of Notes 
will state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity and if so 
the terms applicable to such redemption. 
Optional 
Issuer 
Call: 
The relevant Applicable Transaction Terms issued in respect of each Series of Notes 
will state whether the Issuer may redeem such Notes prior to their stated maturity and 
if so the terms applicable to such redemption. 
Early Redemption: 
Unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, each Series of Notes 
will be redeemed prior to maturity upon the occurrence of certain events which 
include, in summary and without limitation, the following: 
 
(a) where there has been a failure to pay on the due date therefor an amount in 
respect of the Underlying Assets in relation to such Series; 
 
(b) if any Related Agreement in relation to such Series is terminated, other than as 
contemplated therein or in the Applicable Transaction Terms, in whole; 
 
(c) unless a substitute issuer is appointed in respect of that Series of Notes or a 
branch office of the Issuer is established from which the Issuer will continue to 
perform its obligations under the Notes and the relevant Related Agreement(s) 
or unless otherwise instructed by the Instructing Creditor, if any exchange 
controls or other currency exchange or transfer restrictions or taxes are imposed 
on the Issuer or any payments to be made to or by the Issuer or in the 
circumstances described in “Taxation” below; 
(d) if specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the occurrence of a 
Mark-to-Market Trigger Event;

--- Page 66 ---
Description of the Programme 
 
 
57 
 
 
 
(e) where the Underlying Assets in relation to such Series are redeemed early for 
any reason other than as contemplated in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
 
(f) 
if there has been a Credit Event (if applicable to such Notes); 
(g) if there has been a Regulatory Event; or 
 
(h) as otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
 
each an “Early Redemption Event”, as further set out under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Condition 7(b) (Early Redemption)”. 
Taxation: 
Payments of principal and interest by the Issuer in respect of the Notes of any Series 
will be made subject to withholding tax (if any) applicable to the Notes without the 
Issuer being obliged to pay additional amounts as a consequence.  In that event the 
Issuer will use its best endeavours to procure: 
 
(a) 
the substitution of a company incorporated in another jurisdiction, in which 
the relevant tax does not apply, approved in writing by the Trustee, as 
principal obligor in respect of the Notes of any Series, as more fully described 
under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Condition 14(c) (Substitution)”; 
or 
 
(b) 
the establishment of a branch, agency or office in another jurisdiction, in 
which the relevant tax does not apply, approved in writing by the Trustee, 
from which it will continue to carry out its functions under the Notes and the 
Transaction Documents and Obligation Documents. 
 
If the Notes are rated by a Rating Agency or Rating Agencies, such substitution will 
be subject to the prior receipt by the Issuer and the Trustee of written confirmation 
from such Rating Agency or Rating Agencies that the rating of such Notes will not 
be adversely affected by such substitution or change of jurisdiction. 
Redemption 
by 
Instalments: 
The relevant Applicable Transaction Terms may provide that the Notes may be 
redeemed in two or more instalments in such amounts and on such dates and on such 
other terms as may be specified therein. 
Denominations 
of 
Notes: 
The Notes shall be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) and as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or 
such other minimum denomination as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable 
to the currency in which the Notes are denominated provided that the Authorised 
Denomination of any Note issued pursuant to the Programme which is admitted to 
trading on a European Economic Area or United Kingdom exchange or offered to the 
public in a Member State of the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation (as applicable) shall be not less than 
Euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency).  See also “Maturities - Notes 
with a maturity of less than one year” above. 
Status: 
Notes may be issued on a subordinated or an unsubordinated basis as specified in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
 
Notes of each Series issued on an unsubordinated basis (the “Unsubordinated 
Notes”) will be secured limited recourse obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu 
and without preference among themselves and secured in the manner described in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms.  Notes issued on a subordinated basis (the 
“Subordinated Notes”) will be secured limited recourse obligations of the Issuer 
subordinated to the unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Series 
of Notes secured on the same Charged Assets, as more fully specified in the relevant

--- Page 67 ---
Description of the Programme 
 
 
58 
 
 
Applicable Transaction Terms, which will set out the relationship between the 
Unsubordinated Notes and Subordinated Notes including, in connection with 
enforcement and meetings of Noteholders.  Recourse in respect of any Series will be 
limited to the Charged Assets of that particular Series. 
 
Notes may also be issued in Prioritised Tranches on such terms as are specified in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
 
The status of the Notes is more fully set out in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes - Condition 3 (Status and Instructing Creditor)” below. 
 
Loans, options, warrants, certificates, murabaha transactions, deposits, mudaraba 
transactions, letters of credit, derivative transactions, contracts for the sale and/or 
repurchase of assets, repurchase transactions and securities lending transactions or a 
combination of the foregoing will be limited recourse, Obligations of the Issuer 
secured in the manner described in the relevant Obligation Documents. 
Restrictions: 
So long as any Obligations remain outstanding, the Issuer will not, save to the extent 
permitted by the Transaction Documents (as defined below) or Obligation 
Documents, as applicable, or with the prior written consent of the Trustee, incur any 
indebtedness for borrowed money or give any guarantee or indemnity in respect of 
any indebtedness declare any dividends, purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire 
any real property, consolidate or merge with any person, convey or transfer its 
property or assets to any person, issue shares or have any subsidiaries.  See, inter alia, 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Condition 5 (Restrictions)”. 
Cross Default: 
None. 
Underlying Assets: 
The pool of assets upon which the Notes of any Series are (if so specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms) to be secured may comprise bonds or notes of any 
form, denomination, type and issuer, the benefit of loans and other contractual rights 
(including, without limitation, with respect to sub-participations or swap transactions, 
credit derivative transactions, derivative transactions, option, exchange and hedging 
agreements) assigned to or otherwise vested in the Issuer or any other assets, as more 
particularly specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms but shall not 
include any “specified mortgages” within the meaning of section 110(5A) of the TCA, 
any units in an IREF (within the meaning of Chapter 1B of Part 27 of the TCA), or 
shares that derive the greater part of their value from Irish land. 
Lending or Sale 
and Repurchase of 
Underlying Assets: 
If so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms and on the terms set out therein, 
the Issuer may lend, sell (subject to a right or obligation to repurchase) or otherwise 
transfer all or any of the Underlying Assets on terms that assets equivalent to the 
Underlying Assets will be transferred to the Issuer at the scheduled maturity or early 
redemption of such loan, sale and repurchase or other transaction or in the event of an 
Early Redemption Event and otherwise on the terms set out in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
Related 
Agreements: 
In connection with any Series, the Issuer may enter into a swap agreement, swap 
transactions, credit derivative transactions, derivative transactions or other hedging 
agreement or option agreement (each, a “Swap Agreement”), a repurchase 
agreement or any similar agreement (each, a “Repurchase Agreement”), a securities 
lending agreement (each, a “Securities Lending Agreement”) or any letters of credit, 
guarantees or other credit support or credit enhancement documents or credit support 
annexes (each, a “Credit Support Document”) or any investment agreement or other 
financial arrangements (each such Swap Agreement, Repurchase Agreement, 
Securities Lending Agreement, Credit Support Agreement and other financial 
arrangement agreement or any investment agreement being referred to as a “Related 
Agreement”).

--- Page 68 ---
Description of the Programme 
 
 
59 
 
 
 
Each Related Agreement will terminate on the date specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms or Obligation Documents, as applicable, unless terminated earlier 
in accordance with its terms.  Each Related Agreement will terminate if in relation to 
a Series of Notes, the Notes are redeemed prior to their maturity date specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms pursuant to any provision of Condition 7 (Redemption, 
Purchase and Exchange) or upon the occurrence of an Event of Default which has 
not been cured or waived, or Early Redemption Event.  In the event of an early 
termination of a Related Agreement, any party to such Related Agreement may be 
liable to make a termination payment to any other party in accordance with the terms 
of such Related Agreement. 
 
The Related Agreement for any Series may require the counterparty thereto (the 
“Counterparty”) to deposit collateral in respect of its obligations under such 
agreement.  The obligations of a Counterparty may be guaranteed by a guarantor (the 
“Guarantor”). 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or Obligation 
Documents, as applicable, none of the parties to any Related Agreement will be 
required to gross up if withholding taxes are imposed on payments made or to be 
made under the Related Agreement, (unless otherwise specified therein), but the 
Related Agreement will be terminable in such event.  If the Issuer of a Series of Notes 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Related Agreement entered into in 
respect of such Series of Notes would be required by law to withhold or account for 
tax or would suffer tax in respect of its income such that it would be rendered unable 
to make payment of the full amount due under the Related Agreement, the Issuer shall 
so inform the Trustee and the relevant Counterparty, and the Issuer will, unless 
otherwise agreed by the relevant Counterparty or otherwise specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, and provided that no adverse taxation consequences 
would use its best endeavours to procure: 
 
(a) the substitution of a company in another jurisdiction, in which the relevant tax 
does not apply, approved in writing by the Trustee, as principal debtor under the 
Related Agreement; or 
 
(b) the establishment of a branch, agency or office in another jurisdiction, in which 
the relevant tax does not apply, approved in writing by the Trustee, from which 
it will continue to carry out its functions under the Related Agreement. 
 
The principal terms of each Swap Agreement, each Repurchase Agreement, each 
Securities Lending Agreement or other Related Agreement will be set out in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or Obligation Documents, as applicable. 
Exchange of Notes 
For 
Underlying 
Assets: 
The Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of each Series of Notes will state 
whether Notes of that Series may, in the absolute discretion of the Issuer and the 
Arranger, at the request of any Noteholder, be exchanged for a corresponding 
principal amount of the Underlying Assets. 
Exchange of Series: 
The Issuer of an existing Series (the “Existing Series”) may, if so specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms and on the terms set out therein, elect to exchange that 
Existing Series for a new Series of Notes (the “New Series”) to be issued by the 
Issuer, subject to the terms set out in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
Substitution 
of 
Underlying Assets: 
The Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of each Series of Notes will state 
whether the Issuer may from time to time upon agreement with all the Noteholders 
(or without Noteholders’ agreement if in accordance with a pre-defined criteria 
relating to the relevant Series, as so stated in the Applicable Transaction Terms) 
substitute alternative assets for such of the Underlying Assets as the Issuer may deem 
appropriate subject to, if the Notes are rated by any Rating Agency or Rating 
Agencies, written confirmation from each such Rating Agency that the rating of the 
Notes will not be adversely affected (or without such written confirmation if in

--- Page 69 ---
Description of the Programme 
 
 
60 
 
 
accordance with a predefined criteria relating to the relevant Series, as so stated in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms). 
 
On such substitution, on such terms as are set out in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, any relevant Related Agreement may be terminated, replaced or amended in 
view of the income expected to be received in respect of any such alternative assets.  
If so terminated the relevant Counterparty will make any payment due from it to the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Issuer will make any payment due to such 
Counterparty, pursuant to the terms of such Related Agreement. 
Repurchase: 
The Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will indicate 
whether Notes of such Series may be repurchased by the Issuer.  In such case, the 
Applicable Transaction Terms will set the terms on which any relevant Related 
Agreement (or part thereof) will be terminated. 
Collection 
of 
Payments: 
Payments of interest and principal (and any other monies received) in respect of the 
Underlying Assets (if any) will be credited to the account of the custodian specified 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms (the “Custodian”). 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, where no Related 
Agreement has been entered into by the Issuer in respect of any Series of Notes, all 
amounts received by the Custodian in respect of the Underlying Assets shall be 
applied by the Custodian in payment to the Principal Paying Agent for payment in 
respect of the Notes. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or Obligation 
Documents, as applicable, where a Related Agreement has been entered into by the 
Issuer all such amounts received by the Custodian shall be applied to the relevant 
Counterparty to the extent necessary to satisfy the obligations of the Issuer under such 
Related Agreement or otherwise shall be transferred to such account as the Issuer and 
the Trustee may direct in writing. 
Listing: 
Notes may be admitted for listing on Euronext Dublin, on the Global Exchange 
Market operated and regulated by Euronext Dublin, on the Vienna MTF operated and 
regulated by the Wiener Börse AG or on such other or additional listing authority, 
stock exchange or exchanges and/or quotation system or systems as may be specified 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms or may be unlisted.  The Applicable Transaction 
Terms will state whether or not the Notes of such Tranche are to be listed and if they 
are to be listed, the listing authority, stock exchange or exchanges and/or quotation 
system or systems on which they are to be listed. 
Ratings: 
Certain Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated by Moody’s Investors 
Service Ltd.  (“Moody’s”) and/or S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc. 
(“Standard & Poor’s” or “S&P”) and/or Fitch Ratings Limited (“Fitch”), unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, and/or such other 
rating agency as may be chosen by the relevant Dealer(s) in respect of such Notes 
(each a “Rating Agency”).  In the event that a Series of Notes is to be issued by an 
Issuer which has Notes outstanding rated by a Rating Agency, but which will not be 
rated by Moody’s and/or Standard & Poor’s and/or Fitch, the Dealer(s) shall, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, inform Moody’s and/or Standard & Poor’s and/or Fitch, as 
the case may be, of the timetable in respect of the proposed issuance and request 
written confirmation that the then current ratings of any outstanding Series of Notes 
which are rated by Moody’s and/or Standard & Poor’s and/or Fitch will not be 
adversely affected by the issue of such non-rated Series of Notes.  Whether or not a 
rating in relation to any Series of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended by 
Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 and Regulation (EU) No 462/2013 (the “CRA 
Regulation”) will be disclosed in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms.  For the

--- Page 70 ---
Description of the Programme 
 
 
61 
 
 
avoidance of doubt, the receipt or otherwise of such written confirmation shall not 
constitute a condition precedent to the issuance of a non-rated Series of Notes.  For 
the avoidance of doubt, in the event that a Series of Notes is to be issued by an Issuer 
under the Programme that does not have rated Notes outstanding, such Issuer shall 
not be required to inform any Rating Agency. 
Proposals 
and 
Advice: 
Pursuant to a proposals and advice agreement (as amended from time to time) 
between the Issuer and the Proposer (as defined therein) (the “Proposals and Advice 
Agreement”), the Proposer shall make proposals and give advice to such Issuer. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, the Programme Dealer Agreement, the Principal Trust Deed, each 
Supplemental Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement, the 
Proposals and Advice Agreement and (unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms) the Related Agreements and any rights and 
obligations arising therefrom, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes, the Programme Dealer Agreement, the Principal Trust 
Deed, each Supplemental Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Custody 
Agreement, the Proposals and Advice Agreement and (unless otherwise specified in 
the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) the Related Agreements and any dispute, 
controversy, proceedings or claims of whatever nature arising out of or in any way 
relating to Notes, the Programme Dealer Agreement, the Principal Trust Deed, each 
Supplemental Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement, the 
Proposals and Advice Agreement and (unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms) the Related Agreements, shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, English law.  Any Supplemental Security Document 
will be governed by and construed in accordance with the law specified therein. 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the sale of Notes and the distribution of this Base Prospectus, 
the Applicable Transaction Terms and any other offering materials.  See 
“Subscription and Sale” and “Transfer Restrictions” below.

--- Page 71 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
62 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which (subject to completion and amendment and as 
replaced or varied in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms and, save 
for the italicised text (other than sub-headings)) will be incorporated by reference into each Temporary Global 
Note or Permanent Global Note, as applicable, representing Notes in bearer form and Notes in definitive form 
(if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing Notes in bearer form (only if such incorporation 
by reference is permitted by the rules of the relevant stock exchange and agreed by the Issuer).  If such 
incorporation by reference is not so permitted and agreed, each Note in bearer form and each Registered Note 
Certificate representing Notes in registered form will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such text (as 
so completed, amended, varied or replaced).  Such terms and conditions (subject to completion and amendment 
and as replaced or varied in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms and, 
save for the italicised text (other than sub-headings)) shall also apply to Dematerialised Notes.  Further 
information with respect to Notes of each Series will be given in the Applicable Transaction Terms which will 
provide for those aspects of these terms and conditions which are applicable to those Notes.  References in the 
terms and conditions to (i) “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series of an Issuer only, not to all Notes which may 
be issued under the Programme or all Notes that may be issued by any one Issuer, (ii) the “Issuer” are to the 
party that is stipulated as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms and (iii) “Existing Issuer” are to each of 
Premium Green PLC and PREMIUM Plus p.l.c. Terms used in the Applicable Transaction Terms and not 
otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings where used herein.  The absence of any such term 
indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes and references to a matter being “specified” means as 
the same may be specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms: 
The Notes (as defined in Condition 1(a) (Form and Denomination) below) are constituted and secured by an 
amended and restated principal trust deed dated 12 October 2021 (as amended on or prior to the Issue Date, the 
“Principal Trust Deed”) to which each Existing Issuer and HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited 
as trustee of the Notes (the “Trustee”, which expression shall include any successor to HSBC Corporate Trustee 
Company (UK) Limited in its capacity as such) are party as supplemented in relation to the Notes by a 
supplemental trust deed (the “Supplemental Trust Deed”) dated the Issue Date, between the Issuer, the Trustee 
and the other parties named therein (the Principal Trust Deed and such Supplemental Trust Deed being referred 
to herein as the “Trust Deed”). 
The Notes will be issued pursuant to an amended and restated agency agreement dated 12 October 2021, (as 
amended on or prior to the Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”) (as to which each Existing Issuer, the Trustee, 
the Issue Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Registrar and 
the Transfer Agent are party).  As used herein, “Calculation Agent”, “Principal Paying Agent”, “Paying 
Agents”, “Registrar” and/or “Transfer Agent” means, in relation to the Notes, the person specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms relating to the Notes as the Calculation Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Paying 
Agents, Registrar and/or Transfer Agent, respectively and, in each case, any successor to such person in such 
capacity. The Applicable Transaction Terms may also specify that a person is to act as disposal agent (the 
“Disposal Agent”) or determination agent (the “Determination Agent”) in relation to a particular Series of 
Notes.  The terms of appointment and the functions of each of the Disposal Agent and the Determination Agent 
will be as set out in the Agency Agreement and/or the Supplemental Trust Deed. 
Each Existing Issuer is also party to an amended and restated custody agreement dated 12 October 2021, (as 
amended on or prior to the Issue Date, the “Custody Agreement”), which the Trustee and the custodian 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms relating to the Notes (the “Custodian”, which expression 
includes any successor and any other custodian appointed in connection with any Notes) are also party.  In 
respect of any Series the Issuer may appoint any financial institution to act as Custodian in relation to that Series, 
as more fully set out in the Custody Agreement. 
Each of Premium Green PLC and PREMIUM Plus p.l.c. has entered into an ICSD Agreement dated 4 June 2010 
with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (each ICSD agreement entered into by each such Issuer, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time, being the “ICSD Agreement”). 
The applicable transaction terms relating to the Notes (the “Applicable Transaction Terms”) (which will in 
the case of Notes to be admitted to listing and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market (for the purposes of 
the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive) of Euronext Dublin and/or any other stock exchange comprise 
a drawdown prospectus relating to the Notes (the “Drawdown Prospectus”) and will, in the case of any other

--- Page 72 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
63 
 
 
Notes to be neither (i) listed or admitted to trading nor (ii) offered to the public in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area or the United Kingdom in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation (as applicable), take the form of a pricing 
supplement (the “Pricing Supplement”)) will be (where permitted by any relevant stock exchange and agreed 
by the Issuer) endorsed upon or attached to the Notes and will complete these terms and conditions and may 
specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these 
terms and conditions, replace or modify these terms and conditions for the purpose of the Notes. 
Certain statements in these Conditions are summaries of the detailed provisions appearing on the face of the 
Notes (which expression shall include the body thereof), in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Trust Deed 
and/or any Supplemental Security Document (as defined in Condition 4(b) (Security) below).  Copies of the 
Trust Deed, any Supplemental Security Document, the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Agency Agreement, 
the Custody Agreement, the Programme Dealer Agreement, the Master Schedule of Definitions, Interpretation 
and Construction Clauses (as amended, with respect to the Issuer, by the Deed of Accession), the Proposals and 
Advice Agreement in relation to each Issuer, any Transaction Documents not otherwise specified in the 
foregoing, the Constitution of each Issuer, the Corporate Services Agreement in relation to each Issuer, the Deed 
of Accession pursuant to which each Issuer has acceded to the Master Documents (as defined in the Deed of 
Accession), the Declaration of Trust in relation to each Issuer, a copy of the Base Prospectus, a copy of any 
Drawdown Prospectus, the ICSD Agreement dated 4 June 2010 between Premium Green and Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, the ICSD Agreement dated 4 June 2010 between PREMIUM Plus and Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Effectuation Authorisation Letter dated 4 June 2010 from Premium Green to the 
Common Safekeeper, the Effectuation Authorisation Letter dated 4 June 2010 from PREMIUM Plus to the 
Common Safekeeper and the Programme Process Agent Appointment Letter: (i) are available for inspection by 
Noteholders upon reasonable prior notice being given and during normal business hours at the specified offices 
of the Principal Paying Agent as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms (save that, if the Notes are not 
admitted to listing on Euronext Dublin or the Vienna MTF, the Applicable Transaction Terms shall be available 
for inspection only by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes of the relevant Series upon production by such 
Noteholder of evidence satisfactory to the Principal Paying Agent as to its identity), or (ii) may be provided by 
email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to Principal Paying Agent and provision of proof of 
holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Principal Paying Agent) during normal business hours on any 
Business Day, in each case subject to the Principal Paying Agent being supplied by the Issuer with copies of 
such documents. 
The Noteholders (as defined in Condition 1 (Form, Denomination and Title) below) are entitled to the benefit 
of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and any Supplemental 
Security Document and the Applicable Transaction Terms and to have notice of those provisions of the Agency 
Agreement and Custody Agreement applicable to them. 
In relation to the Notes, the Programme Dealer Agreement, the Principal Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, 
the Administration Agreements, the Proposals and Advice Agreement, the Custody Agreement, the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, the Supplemental Trust Deed, any Supplemental Security Document, any Sub-Custodian 
Agreement, any Syndication Agreement and any Related Agreement shall together be referred to as the 
“Transaction Documents”. 
Any reference in these Conditions to a matter being “specified” means as the same may be specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
The Issuer has executed the Deed of Accession under which it has become bound by the Master Documents 
(including the Principal Trust Deed), as defined in such Deed of Accession. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement or the Master 
Schedule of Definitions, Interpretation and Construction Clauses dated 12 October 2021, (as amended on or 
prior to the Issue Date, with respect to the Issuer, by the Deed of Accession, and as further amended and restated 
from time to time, the “Master Schedule”) and signed for the purposes of identification by the Existing Issuers, 
the Trustee, HSBC Bank plc and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank or used in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms shall have the same meaning where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency 
Agreement, the Custody Agreement, the Master Schedule and the Trust Deed, the Trust Deed will prevail and,

--- Page 73 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
64 
 
 
in the event of any inconsistency between the Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement, the Master Schedule, 
the Trust Deed and the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Applicable Transaction Terms will prevail. 
Any reference in these Conditions to “payment” of any sums due in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, delivery of any Underlying Assets (as defined in Condition 4(b) (Security) below) if so 
provided in the Applicable Transaction Terms, and references to “pay”, “paid” and “payable” shall be construed 
accordingly. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Form and Denomination 
The Notes of the Series of which this Note forms a part (in these Conditions, the “Notes”) will be issued 
either (i) in bearer form (the “Bearer Notes”), serially numbered in an Authorised Denomination (as 
defined below), (ii) in registered form (the “Registered Notes”) in an Authorised Denomination or an 
integral multiple thereof or (iii) in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form (the 
“Dematerialised Notes”) in an Authorised Denomination or an integral multiple thereof.  “Authorised 
Denomination” means the currency and denomination or denominations specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms.  References herein to “Notes” shall include Bearer Notes and Registered Notes and 
Dematerialised Notes.  Bearer Notes of one Authorised Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer 
Notes of another Authorised Denomination. 
The Notes are either Cash Settlement Notes or Physical Settlement Notes, depending upon the 
Settlement Basis shown in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
Interest bearing Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached.  In 
the case of Zero Coupon Notes, references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the 
Maturity Date or other date for redemption), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable.  
After all the Coupons attached to, or issued in respect of, any Bearer Note which was issued with a 
Talon have matured, if applicable a coupon sheet comprising further Coupons (other than Coupons 
which would be void) and one further Talon will be issued against presentation of the relevant Talon at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms.  Any Bearer 
Note the Principal Amount of which is redeemable in instalments may be issued with one or more 
Receipts attached thereto. 
If so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms and for the purpose of allowing clearing of Notes 
in alternative clearing systems, any Series of Notes to be sold to non-U.S. persons in offshore 
transactions satisfying the requirements of Regulation S, may, in full but not in part, be issued as 
Dematerialised Notes in accordance with all applicable laws of the relevant jurisdiction of such 
alternative clearing system and the rules and regulations of such alternative clearing system (“Local 
Clearing System Rules”). 
Notes designated as “Swedish Notes” in the Applicable Transaction Terms (“Swedish Notes”) will 
constitute Dematerialised Notes issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in 
accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring 
av finansiella instrument) and all other applicable Swedish laws, regulations and operating procedures 
applicable to and/or issued by the Swedish central securities depository (Sw. central 
värdepappersförvarare) from time to time (the “Swedish CSD Rules”) designated as the relevant 
clearing system in the Applicable Transaction Terms (the “Relevant Clearing System”) for the 
Swedish Notes in the Applicable Transaction Terms (which is expected to be VPC AB) (the “Swedish 
CSD”).  The Swedish Notes shall be regarded as Registered Notes for the purposes of these 
Conditions save to the extent the relevant Conditions are inconsistent with the Swedish CSD Rules and 
these Conditions shall be construed accordingly.  No Global Notes or Definitive Notes or Certificates 
will be issued in respect of Swedish Notes other than as provided below and the provisions relating to 
presentation, surrender or replacement of such physical bearer instruments shall not apply. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on any Swedish Note will be made through 
the Swedish CSD in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules.

--- Page 74 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
65 
 
 
Notes designated as “Norwegian Notes” in the Applicable Transaction Terms (“Norwegian Notes”) 
will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in accordance with the Norwegian 
Securities Register Act (in Norwegian:  lov om registrering av finansielle instrumenter av 1997 19. juni 
nr. 79). The Norwegian Notes shall be regarded as Notes represented by Global Notes for the purposes 
of the Conditions save to the extent as otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or the 
Conditions are inconsistent with Norwegian laws, regulations and operating procedures applicable to 
and/or issued by the relevant Norwegian central securities depository (in Norwegian:  
verdipapirregister) from time to time (the “Norwegian CSD Rules”) designated as relevant clearing 
system for the Norwegian Notes in the Applicable Transaction Terms (which is expected to be 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (“VPS”)) (the “Norwegian CSD”).  No Global Notes or Definitive Notes or 
Certificates will be issued in respect of Norwegian Notes and the provisions relating to presentation, 
surrender or replacement of such bearer instruments shall not apply. 
If specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, any Temporary Global Note, Permanent Global Note 
or Registered Global Note issued from time to time by Premium Green PLC or PREMIUM Plus p.l.c. 
may be intended to be held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem eligibility.  This simply means 
that such Notes are intended to be issued in (a) Eurosystem- eligible NGN form (in the case of 
Temporary Global Notes and Permanent Global Notes) or (b) in Eurosystem-eligible NSSGN form (in 
the case of Registered Global Notes) and in each case, deposited with a Common Safekeeper and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life.  Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
(b) 
Title 
Title to Bearer Notes, Coupons, Receipts and Talons (if any) passes by delivery.  Title to Registered 
Notes passes by registration in the register (the “Register”) which the Issuer shall procure to be kept by 
the Registrar. 
In these Conditions, subject as provided below, “Noteholder” and (in relation to a Note, Coupon, 
Receipt or Talon) “holder” and “Holder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon, Receipt or 
Talon (as the case may be) and the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered, as the case 
may be.  The expressions “Noteholder”, “holder” and “Holder” include the holders of instalment 
receipts (the “Receipts”) appertaining to the payment of principal by instalments (if any) attached to 
such Notes (the “Receiptholders”) and the holders of the coupons (the “Coupons”) (if any) 
appertaining to interest bearing Notes in bearer form (the “Couponholders”, which expression includes 
the holders of talons (the “Talons”) (if any) for further coupons attached to such Notes (the 
“Talonholders”)). 
The holder of any Note, Coupon, Receipt or Talon will (except as otherwise required by law) be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or any interest in it, any writing on the relevant Note or Registered Note Certificate, or 
its theft or loss or any express or constructive notice of any claim by any other person of any interest 
therein other than, in the case of a Registered Note, a duly executed transfer of such Note in the form 
endorsed on the Registered Note Certificate in respect thereof) and no person will be liable for so 
treating the holder. 
(c) 
Fungible Tranches of Notes comprising a Series 
A Series of Notes may comprise a number of tranches (each a “Tranche”), which will be issued on 
identical terms save for the first interest payment.  Notes of different Tranches of the same Series will 
be fungible, except as set forth in the Applicable Transaction Terms.  If a further Tranche (a “Further 
Tranche”) is issued in respect of a Series under which a Tranche or Tranches of Notes have already 
been issued (an “Original Tranche” or “Original Tranches”), the pool of assets (the “Further 
Underlying Assets”) relating to such Further Tranche will be fungible with or otherwise equivalent to 
the Underlying Assets for the Original Tranche or Original Tranches and the Related Agreement for the 
Original Tranche or Original Tranches will be amended to apply to both the Original Tranche or 
Original Tranches and such Further Tranche.

--- Page 75 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
66 
 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, Bearer Notes issued in compliance 
with the TEFRA D Rules will not be fungible with any prior Tranches of the same Series of Notes until 
40 days after the Issue Date of such Tranche. 
(d) 
Regulation S and Rule 144A Global Notes 
(i) 
The Registered Global Notes of each Tranche of Notes sold in reliance on Regulation S under 
the Securities Act (each a “Regulation S Note”) will be represented on issue by one or more 
Global Notes of such Tranche of Notes in fully registered form (each, a “Regulation S Global 
Note”) in the form set out in Schedule 5 (Form of Registered Global Note) to the Principal 
Trust Deed deposited with, and registered in the name of the nominee for either (i) the common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (if the Registered Note is not intended 
to be issued in Eurosystem-eligible NSSGN form) or (ii) Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg acting as common safekeeper (if the Registered Note is intended to be issued in 
Eurosystem-eligible NSSGN form).  Beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note may be 
held only through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg at any time.  Beneficial interests in 
Regulation S Global Notes may not be held by U.S. persons at any time. 
(ii) 
By acquisition of a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Note above, the purchaser or 
transferee thereof will be deemed to represent that (i) it (A) is not a U.S. person, (B) is aware 
that the sale to it is being made in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act provided by Regulation S thereunder, (C) is acquiring such Regulation S 
Notes for its own account or one or more accounts with respect to which it exercises sole 
investment discretion, none of which is a U.S. person, and (D) is not purchasing such Note with 
a view to the resale, distribution or other disposition thereof in the United States or to a U.S. 
person; (ii) it understands that the Issuer may receive a list of participants holding securities 
from Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; and (iii) if in the future it determines to transfer 
such beneficial interest, it will transfer such interest only to a person (A) whom the seller 
reasonably believes to not be a U.S. person in an offshore transaction in accordance with 
Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act; or (B) who takes delivery in the 
form on an interest in a Rule 144A Global Note. 
(iii) 
The Registered Global Notes of each Tranche of Notes sold in reliance on Rule 144A (each a 
“Rule 144A Note”) will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes of such Tranche 
of Notes in fully registered form without interest coupons or principal receipts (each, a 
“Rule 144A Global Note” in the form set out in Schedule 5 (Form of Registered Global Note) 
to the Principal Trust Deed deposited with, and registered in the name of a nominee or custodian 
for DTC, or a nominee for either (i) the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (if the Registered Note is not intended to be issued in Eurosystem-eligible NSSGN 
form) or (ii) Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg acting as common safekeeper (if the 
Registered Note is intended to be issued in Eurosystem-eligible NSSGN form). 
(iv) 
By acquisition of a beneficial interest in a Rule 144A Global Note, the purchaser or transferee 
thereof will be deemed to represent that (i) it is both a Qualified Institutional Buyer and a 
Qualified Purchaser; (ii) it understands that the Issuer may receive a list of participants holding 
securities from Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC; (iii) it (A) is not formed for 
the purpose of investment in such interest, unless all of its beneficial owners are QIB/QPs, (B) is 
not a broker-dealer referred to in paragraph (a)(1)(ii) of Rule 144A unless it owns and invests 
on a discretionary basis at least $25 million in securities of issuers that are not affiliated persons 
of such broker-dealer, (C) is not a plan referred to in paragraph (a)(1)(i)(D) or (E) of Rule 144A 
or a trust fund referred to in paragraph (a)(1)(i)(F) of Rule 144A that holds the assets of such 
plan, unless investment decisions are made solely by the fiduciary, trustee or sponsor of such 
plan, (D) is purchasing such interest for its own account or for the account of a QIB/QP and 
(E) will provide written notice of the foregoing and any other applicable transfer restrictions to 
any transferee; (iv) it will not offer, sell or otherwise transfer such interest except in at least 
U.S.$200,000; (v) it has not invested more than 40 per cent. of its total assets in such Rule 144A 
Notes (unless all of its beneficial owners are qualified purchasers); (vi) has received the 
necessary consent from its beneficial owners when the purchaser is a private investment

--- Page 76 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
67 
 
 
company formed before April 30, 1996; and (vii) it will transfer such interest in accordance 
with the procedures and restrictions contained herein. 
(e) 
Governance 
Each holder or beneficial owner of a Note agrees that neither it nor any person connected with it has or 
will have the ability to participate on the board of directors, or any equivalent governing body of the 
Issuer, in the financial and operating policy decisions of the Issuer, including where that power does 
not extend to control or joint control of the Issuer. 
2. 
Exchanges of Bearer Notes for Registered Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes and 
Dematerialised Notes 
(a) 
Exchange of Bearer Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 2(e) (Closed Periods), Bearer Notes may, if so specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, be exchanged at the expense of the transferor Noteholder for the same 
aggregate Principal Amount of Registered Notes in definitive form represented by Registered Note 
Certificates at the request in writing of the relevant Noteholder and upon surrender of the Bearer Note 
to be exchanged together with all unmatured Coupons, Receipts and Talons relating to it (if any) at the 
specified office of the Registrar or any Paying Agent provided, however, that Bearer Notes that are Dual 
Currency Notes, Variable Coupon Amount Notes or Variable Redemption Amount Notes may be 
exchanged for Registered Notes in definitive form represented by Registered Note Certificates only 
with the prior written approval of the Issuer.  Where, however, a Bearer Note is surrendered for 
exchange after the Record Date (as defined in Condition 8(b) (Registered Notes)) for any payment of 
interest or Interest Amount (as defined in Condition 6(k) (Determination and Publication of Interest 
Rates, Interest Amounts, Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts)), 
the Coupon in respect of that payment of interest or Interest Amount need not be surrendered with it. 
Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
A Registered Note may be transferred upon the surrender of either a Regulation S Global Note, 
Rule 144A Global Note or Registered Note Certificate (each, a “Certificate”), as applicable, together 
with the form of transfer endorsed on it duly completed and executed, at the specified office of a Paying 
Agent; provided, however, that a Registered Note may not be transferred unless the Principal Amount 
of Registered Notes proposed to be the Principal Amount of the balance of Registered Notes proposed 
to be retained by the relevant transferor are Authorised Denominations.  In the case of a transfer of part 
only of a holding of Registered Notes represented by a Registered Note Certificate, a new Registered 
Note Certificate in respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor. 
(c) 
Delivery of new Registered Note Certificates 
Each new Registered Note Certificate to be issued upon exchange of Bearer Notes or transfer of 
Registered Notes will, within three business days (in the place of the specified office of a Paying Agent) 
of receipt of such request for exchange or form of transfer, be available for delivery at the specified 
office of a Paying Agent stipulated in the request for exchange or form of transfer, or be mailed at the 
risk of the Noteholder entitled to the Certificate to such address as may be specified in such request or 
form of transfer.  For these purposes, a form of transfer or request for exchange received by a Paying 
Agent after the Record Date in respect of any payment due in respect of Registered Notes shall be 
deemed not to be effectively received by a Paying Agent until the business day following the due date 
for such payment. 
(d) 
Exchange at the expense of Transferor Noteholder 
Registration of Notes on exchange or transfer will be effected at the expense of the transferor Noteholder 
by or on behalf of the Issuer or a Paying Agent, and upon payment of (or the giving of such indemnity 
as a Paying Agent may require in respect of) any tax or other governmental charges which may be 
imposed in relation to it.

--- Page 77 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
68 
 
 
(e) 
Closed periods 
No transfer of a Registered Note to be registered, a Bearer Note to be exchanged for a Registered Note 
nor a Temporary Global Note to be exchanged for a Permanent Global Note may occur during the period 
of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal, interest or Redemption Amount (as 
defined below) on that Note except as specified in Condition 2(a) (Exchange of Bearer Notes). 
(f) 
Exchange of Interests in Rule 144A and Regulation S Global Notes 
An interest in a Regulation S Global Note or a Rule 144A Global Note may be exchanged or transferred 
in accordance with the rules and regulations of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the 
transfer restrictions contained in the legend on such Regulation S or Rule 144A Global Note and the 
following: 
(i) 
Regulation S Global Note to Rule 144A Global Note 
The Transfer Agent shall only cause the exchange or transfer of any interest in a Regulation S 
Global Note for an interest in the corresponding Rule 144A Global Note upon provision to the 
Principal Paying Agent, Registrar and Transfer Agent of a written certification by the transferor 
substantially in the form set out in Schedule 10 (Form of Rule 144A Investor Letter) to the 
Principal Trust Deed (a “Rule 144A Investor Letter”).  Any interest in a Regulation S Global 
Note that is transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in the 
corresponding Rule 144A Global Note will, upon transfer, cease to be an interest in such 
Regulation S Global Note and become an interest in the Rule 144A Global Note and, 
accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions and other procedures applicable 
to beneficial interests in a Rule 144A Global Note for as long as it remains such an interest.  
Upon receipt by the Issuer, Principal Paying Agent, Registrar and the Transfer Agent of a 
Rule 144A Investor Letter, the Transfer Agent shall cause the principal amount of the 
Regulation S Global Note to be reduced by the principal amount exchanged (and the holder’s 
DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg account to be debited accordingly) and the 
principal amount of the corresponding Rule 144A Global Note to be increased by the principal 
amount exchanged (and the holder’s DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg account to 
be credited accordingly), provided that the principal amounts of the Regulation S Global Note 
and corresponding Rule 144A Global Note shall not be reduced or increased by an amount less 
than the Authorised Denomination as defined and shown in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms. 
(ii) 
Rule 144A Global Note to Regulation S Global Note 
The Transfer Agent shall only cause the exchange or transfer of any interest in a Rule 144A 
Global Note for an interest in the corresponding Regulation S Global Note upon provision to 
the Principal Paying Agent, Registrar and Transfer Agent of a written certification by the 
transferor substantially in the form set out in Schedule 11 (Form of Regulation S Investor 
Letter) to the Principal Trust Deed (a “Regulation S Investor Letter”).  Any interest in a 
Rule 144A Global Note that is transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an 
interest in the corresponding Regulation S Global Note will, upon transfer, cease to be an 
interest in such Rule 144A Global Note and become an interest in the Regulation S Global Note 
and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions and other procedures 
applicable to beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note for as long as it remains such 
an interest.  Upon receipt by the Issuer, Principal Paying Agent, Registrar and the Transfer 
Agent of a Regulation S Investor Letter, the Transfer Agent shall cause the principal amount of 
the Rule 144A Global Note to be reduced by the principal amount exchanged (and the holder’s 
DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg account to be debited accordingly) and the 
principal amount of the corresponding Regulation S Global Note to be increased by the 
principal amount exchanged (and the holder’s DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
account to be credited accordingly), provided that the principal amounts of the Rule 144A 
Global Note and corresponding Regulation S Global Note shall not be reduced or increased by 
an amount less than the Authorised Denomination as defined and shown in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms.

--- Page 78 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
69 
 
 
(iii) 
Regulation S Global Note to Regulation S Global Note 
An owner of a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Note may transfer such interest in 
the form of a beneficial interest in such Regulation S Global Note without the provision of 
written certification provided that such transfer is not made to a U.S. person or for the account 
or benefit of a U.S. person and is effected through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg in 
an offshore transaction meeting the requirements of Regulation S. 
(iv) 
Rule 144A Global Note to Rule 144A Global Note 
An owner of a beneficial interest in a Rule 144A Global Note may transfer such interest in the 
form of a beneficial interest in such Rule 144A Global Note without the provision of written 
certification provided that such transfer is made in accordance with Rule 144A and the 
procedures and restrictions contained herein. 
(g) 
Regulations Concerning Transfer and Registration 
All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject to the detailed regulations 
concerning the transfer of Notes scheduled to the Programme Dealer Agreement including, without 
limitation, that a transfer of Notes in breach of certain of such regulations will result in such Notes 
becoming subject to the provisions of Condition 2(h) (Forced Transfer of Notes) below.  The 
regulations may be changed by the Issuer in any manner which is reasonably required by the Issuer 
(after consultation with the Trustee) to reflect changes in legal requirements or in any other manner 
which, in the opinion of the Issuer (after consultation with the Trustee), is not prejudicial to the interests 
of the holders of the relevant Class of Notes.  A copy of the current regulations will be sent by the 
Registrar to any Noteholder who so requests and is available at the offices of each of the Paying Agents. 
(h) 
Forced Transfer of Notes 
(i) 
Forced Transfer of Registered Notes 
If the Issuer determines at any time that a holder of Registered Notes is a U.S. person who is 
not both a Qualified Institutional Buyer and a Qualified Purchaser, the Issuer may direct such 
holder to sell or transfer its Notes to a non-U.S. person in an offshore transaction meeting the 
requirements of Regulation S or to a person that is both a Qualified Institutional Buyer and 
Qualified Purchaser in a transaction meeting the requirement of Rule 144A within 30 days 
following receipt of such notice.  If such sale is not effected within such 30 days, upon written 
direction from the Issuer, the Disposal Agent will be authorised to conduct a commercially 
reasonable sale of such Notes to a non-U.S. person in an offshore transaction meeting the 
requirements of Regulation S or to a person who is a Qualified Institutional Buyer and a 
Qualified Purchaser in a transaction meeting the requirement of Rule 144A and, pending 
transfer, no further payments will be made in respect of such Notes or any beneficial interest 
therein. 
(ii) 
Forced Transfer of Bearer Notes 
If the Issuer determines at any time that a holder of Bearer Notes is a U.S. person, the Issuer 
may direct such holder to sell or transfer its Notes to a person who is not a U.S. person in an 
offshore transaction meeting the requirements of Regulation S within 30 days following receipt 
of such notice.  If such sale is not effected within such 30 days, upon written direction from the 
Issuer, the Disposal Agent will be authorised to conduct a commercially reasonable sale of such 
Notes to a person who is not a U.S. person in an offshore transaction meeting the requirements 
of Regulation S and, pending transfer, no further payments will be made in respect of such 
Notes or any beneficial interest therein. 
(i) 
Transfer of Dematerialised Notes 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, all transactions (including transfers of such Notes), in the open 
market or otherwise must be effected on account with the Relevant Clearing System subject to and in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of such Relevant Clearing System and title

--- Page 79 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
70 
 
 
will pass upon registration of the transfer in the books of such Relevant Clearing System or any nominee 
thereof which, in the case of Swedish Notes, will be by registration in the Register in accordance with 
the Swedish CSD Rules.  Title to Norwegian Notes shall pass by registration in the Norwegian 
Securities Register. 
3. 
Status and Instructing Creditor 
(a) 
Unsubordinated Notes 
This Condition 3(a) is applicable only in relation to Notes which are specified as being Unsubordinated 
Notes. 
The Notes, Coupons and Receipts (if any) are secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, secured 
in the manner described in Condition 4 (Related Agreements and Security) and recourse in respect of 
which is limited in the manner described in Condition 11 (Limited Recourse Enforcement) and will rank 
pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
(b) 
Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 3(b) is applicable only in relation to Notes which are specified as being Subordinated 
Notes. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the Notes, Coupons and Receipts (if any) are subordinated and ranked 
as provided in the Supplemental Trust Deed and described in the Applicable Transaction Terms; save 
that each class of Subordinated Notes shall rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
(c) 
Prioritised Tranches 
In the case of Prioritised Tranches of Notes, details of the relationship of the Notes with other Tranches 
of Notes of the same Series will be set out in full in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
If so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, prior to the security granted pursuant to the Trust 
Deed becoming enforceable as described in Condition 10 (Events of Default), certain amounts received 
by the Issuer in connection with the Underlying Assets and/or any Related Agreement or otherwise, 
will be applied in accordance with the order or orders of priority (the “Pre-enforcement Waterfall”) 
(if any) specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(d) 
Instructing Creditor 
The Applicable Transaction Terms and Supplemental Trust Deed will specify in relation to that Series 
of Notes whether the Instructing Creditor is: 
(i) 
the Counterparty only; or 
(ii) 
the Noteholders only. 
If the Applicable Transaction Terms does not so specify, the Instructing Creditor shall be the 
Counterparty.  Where the Instructing Creditor is the Noteholders, the Noteholders can (where 
specified) request the Trustee to take actions contemplated in the Conditions by means of a 
request in writing of the holders of at least three quarters in principal amount of the Notes of 
such Series then outstanding (together with proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory 
to the Trustee) of such holders), unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, or by means of an Extraordinary Resolution of such Noteholders. 
Where the Instructing Creditor is the Counterparty and sums are due but unpaid to the 
Counterparty (otherwise the Instructing Creditor shall be the Noteholders), the Counterparty 
may (where specified) request the Trustee to take actions contemplated in these Conditions by 
means of a written request and the Trustee may, if the Trustee determines that to do so would 
not be materially prejudicial to the Noteholders, act upon such instruction. 
The Security (as defined below in Condition 4(b) (Security) below) in relation to any Series of 
Notes will become enforceable upon the Trustee giving an Enforcement Notice (as defined in

--- Page 80 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
71 
 
 
Condition 10 (Events of Default)) to the Issuer of that Series subsequent to an Event of Default, 
Early Redemption Event or as otherwise provided in the Trust Deed. 
The Trustee may, but shall not be bound to give any Enforcement Notice in respect of any 
Series of Notes, to take any steps or institute any proceedings to enforce the Security for any 
Series or to enforce payment of any amount due and payable under or pursuant to the Notes of 
any Series or the Related Agreement unless it shall have been so requested by the Instructing 
Creditor in relation to such Series and has been secured and/or indemnified and/or pre-funded 
to its satisfaction. 
In taking such action, the Trustee will, where the interests of the Instructing Creditor (as 
evidenced by the Instructing Creditor’s instructions) conflict with those of the other Secured 
Creditors (as defined in Condition 4(b) (Security)), prefer the interests of such Instructing 
Creditor over the interests of the other Secured Creditors (and shall not take into account the 
interests of such other Secured Creditors). 
4. 
Related Agreements and Security 
(a) 
Related Agreements 
(i) 
In connection with the issue of the Notes of any Series, the Issuer will, if so specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, enter into a swap agreement, swap transactions, credit 
derivative transactions, derivative transactions or other hedging agreement or option agreement 
(each a “Swap Agreement”), a repurchase agreement or a repo transaction (each a 
“Repurchase Agreement”), a securities lending agreement or securities lending transaction 
(each a “Securities Lending Agreement”) or any letters of credit, guarantees, collateral 
agreements or other credit support or credit enhancement documents or credit support annexes 
(each a “Credit Support Document”) or other financial arrangements or any investment 
agreement (each such Swap Agreement, Repurchase Agreement, Securities Lending 
Agreement, Credit Support Document and other financial arrangement agreement or any 
investment agreement being referred to as a “Related Agreement”) with one or more 
counterparties (each a “Counterparty”). 
(ii) 
If, in respect of a Series of Notes, “Credit Support Annex” is specified as “Applicable” in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms then the Issuer will enter into an English law governed 1995 
ISDA Credit Support Annex (Bilateral Form – Transfer) (the “Credit Support Annex”) under 
the Swap Agreement relating to such Series of Notes.  
Pursuant to the Credit Support Annex: 
(A) 
if “Applicable - Payable by Issuer” is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
the Issuer shall, if required in accordance with the terms of the Credit Support Annex, 
transfer from time to time some or all of the Underlying Assets to the Counterparty; 
(B) 
if “Applicable - Payable by Counterparty” is specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, the Counterparty shall, if required in accordance with the terms of the Credit 
Support Annex, transfer from time to time collateral (which satisfies the eligibility 
requirements in the Credit Support Annex) to the Issuer; and 
(C) 
if “Applicable - Payable by Issuer and Counterparty” is specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, the Issuer shall, if required in accordance with the terms of the 
Credit Support Annex, transfer from time to time some or all of the Underlying Assets 
to the Counterparty and the Counterparty shall also, if required in accordance with the 
terms of the Credit Support Annex, transfer from time to time collateral (which satisfies 
the eligibility requirements in the Credit Support Annex) to the Issuer. 
(iii) 
If, in respect of a Series of Notes, “Repo” is specified as “Applicable” in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms then the Issuer will enter into a Repurchase Agreement relating to such 
Series of Notes.

--- Page 81 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
72 
 
 
Pursuant to the Repurchase Agreement: 
(A) 
if “Applicable – Reverse Repo” is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the 
Issuer shall purchase securities (for the purpose of this Condition 4(a)(iii), the “Repo 
Purchased Securities”) from the Counterparty on or around the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Series of Notes and agrees to sell securities equivalent to the Repo 
Purchased Securities to the Counterparty on or around the Maturity Date; or 
(B) 
if “Applicable – Repo and Reverse Repo” is specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, (I) the Issuer shall sell certain Underlying Assets to the Counterparty on or 
around the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Series and agrees to purchase securities 
equivalent to such Underlying Assets from the Counterparty on or around the Maturity 
Date, (II) the Issuer shall purchase securities (for the purpose of this Condition 4(a)(iii), 
the “Repo Purchased Securities”) from the Counterparty on or around the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Series and agrees to sell securities equivalent to the Repo 
Purchased Securities to the Counterparty on or around the Maturity Date and (III) the 
Counterparty’s obligation to pay the purchase price for the relevant Underlying Assets 
and the Issuer’s obligation to pay the purchase price for the Repo Purchased Securities 
on or around the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Series shall be netted against 
each other and the obligations to pay the purchase price for each set of equivalent 
securities on or around the Maturity Date shall be netted against each other. 
(iv) 
If, in respect of a Series of Notes, “Securities Lending Agreement” is specified as “Applicable” 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms then the Issuer will enter into a Securities Lending 
Agreement relating to such Series. 
(v) 
If, in respect of a Series of Notes, the Applicable Transaction Terms specify that Negative 
Interest shall be borne by the Issuer, then such Negative Interest amounts shall be deducted by 
the Custodian from the relevant custody account in accordance with the terms of the Custody 
Agreement. If, in respect of a Series of Notes, the Applicable Transaction Terms specify that 
Negative Interest shall be borne by the Counterparty, then an additional amount equal to such 
Negative Interest amount shall be payable by the Counterparty to the Issuer under the Related 
Agreement. 
(b) 
Security 
The Trust Deed will provide that the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, Coupons and Receipts 
(if any) of a Series appertaining thereto to the Trustee on its own behalf and on behalf of the Noteholders 
and to those persons referred to in the Applicable Transaction Terms (collectively, the “Secured 
Creditors”) are secured by security interests (governed by English law and/or the law of any other 
relevant jurisdiction) over certain Underlying Assets as specified in the relevant Supplemental Trust 
Deed (the “Underlying Assets” which expression shall include any alternative Underlying Assets and 
exclude any replaced Underlying Assets pursuant to a substitution in accordance with Condition 4(e) 
(Substitution of Underlying Assets)), any relevant Related Agreement and such other assets as are 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
If the Applicable Transaction Term provide that the Issuer will enter into a Related Agreement including 
in connection therewith any Credit Support Annex or other Credit Support Document, if any, the 
relevant portion of the Underlying Assets, credit support under that Credit Support Annex or Credit 
Support Document (if any) held by the Issuer or other Charged Assets may be released from the security 
created in respect thereof to the extent due from the Issuer to the Counterparty under the Related 
Agreement and any such Credit Support Annex (or other Credit Support Document, as the case may 
be). 
Underlying Assets transferred by the Issuer pursuant to the Repurchase Agreement will be deemed to 
be released by the Trustee from the Security described in this Condition 4(b) (Security) immediately 
prior to the delivery or transfer of such Underlying Assets by or on behalf of the Issuer to the 
Counterparty.

--- Page 82 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
73 
 
 
Underlying Assets transferred by the Issuer pursuant to the Securities Lending Agreement will be 
deemed to be released by the Trustee from the Security described in Condition 4(b) (Security) 
immediately prior to the delivery or transfer of such Underlying Assets by or on behalf of the Issuer to 
the Counterparty. 
The Secured Creditors of all Series are also secured pursuant to the Principal Trust Deed by a charge 
over certain contractual rights of the Issuer. 
The security created by the Supplemental Trust Deed may be supplemented by such further security 
documents (each a “Supplemental Security Document” and, together with the Supplemental Trust 
Deed, the “Security Documents”) as may, from time to time, be required by the Trustee and as specified 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms (together, the “Security”). 
The assets (including the Underlying Assets) on which the Notes of a Series are secured are referred to 
as the “Charged Assets”. 
To the extent that an obligor under the Underlying Assets fails to make payments to the Issuer on the 
due date therefor, the Issuer may be unable to meet its obligations (a) under the Related Agreement(s) 
(if any) and/or (b) in respect of the Notes, the Coupons or the Receipts (if any) as and when they fall 
due.  In addition, to the extent that a Related Agreement is terminated, the Issuer may also be unable 
to meet such obligations.  In any such event, and subject to Conditions 7(b) (Early Redemption), 7(c) 
(Purchase) and 7(d) (Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes) and Condition 10 (Events of 
Default), the Notes will become repayable in accordance with the Conditions.  In any such event, 
following an early redemption of the Notes the amount received may be insufficient to pay all 
amounts due to the Secured Creditors (including the Noteholders). 
The Notes are also capable of being declared immediately due and repayable prior to their stated date 
of maturity or other date or dates for their redemption following the occurrence of any of the Events 
of Default more particularly specified in Condition 10 (Events of Default).  On notice having been 
given to the Issuer by the Trustee following any such occurrence (and the Instructing Creditor may 
direct the Trustee to give such notice), the Notes will become repayable in accordance with the 
Conditions and the Security therefor will become enforceable in accordance with and subject to the 
provisions of Condition 11 (Limited Recourse Enforcement).  On any such enforcement, the amount 
received may be insufficient to pay all amounts due to the Secured Creditors (including the 
Noteholders). 
(c) 
Realisation of the Underlying Assets upon enforcement or Underlying Disposal Event 
Subject to the Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of a Series of Notes, in the event of: 
(i) 
the Security created by the Security Documents becoming enforceable as provided in 
Condition 10 (Events of Default), the Trustee shall have the right to enforce its rights under the 
Security Documents in relation to the relevant Charged Assets only; 
(ii) 
an Underlying Disposal Event (as defined in Condition 7(b) (Early Redemption)), the Disposal 
Agent shall endeavour to sell or otherwise realise the relevant Underlying Assets in accordance 
with the provisions of the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, 
but in each case without any liability as to the consequence of such action and without having regard to 
the effect thereof on, or being required to account for such action to, any Secured Creditor, provided 
that the Trustee shall not be required to take any action that would involve the Trustee in any liability 
or expense unless previously indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
(d) 
Application of Proceeds 
Subject to the provisions of the Supplemental Trust Deed and as specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, on any enforcement of the Security created by the Security Documents or any Early Redemption 
Event (as defined in Condition 19 (Definitions Conditions) in accordance with these Conditions, the 
Available Proceeds shall be applied as follows:

--- Page 83 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
74 
 
 
(i) 
if “Counterparty Priority” is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms: 
(A) 
firstly, pari passu, in payment of: 
(1) 
where immediately prior to the associated termination of the Swap Agreement, 
the Counterparty’s Credit Support Balance (as defined in the Credit Support 
Annex) (if any, in its capacity as Transferor under the Credit Support Annex) 
was greater than zero, an amount (as determined by the party responsible for 
determining such amounts under the Swap Agreement and such amount being 
a “CSB Return Amount”) equal to the lesser of: 
(I) 
the Available Proceeds; 
(II) 
the value of the Counterparty’s Credit Support Balance that was used 
in determining the Early Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap 
Agreement) payable under the Swap Agreement; and 
(III) 
the value of the amounts owing to the Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement, if any, which shall be deemed to be zero if no such 
amounts are owing, 
(the excess of the value referred to in (III) above the value referred to in (II) 
above, if any, the “Remaining Swap Counterparty Claim Amount”) to the 
Counterparty; 
(2) 
where immediately prior to the associated termination of the Repurchase 
Agreement, the Net Margin (as defined in the Repurchase Agreement) 
provided to the Issuer (if any) was greater than zero, an amount (as determined 
by the party responsible for determining such amounts under the Repurchase 
Agreement and such amount being a “Net Margin Return Amount”) equal to 
the lesser of: 
(I) 
the Available Proceeds; 
(II) 
the Default Market Values of the Equivalent Margin Securities and 
Cash Margin (as each such term is defined in the Repurchase 
Agreement) (including the amount of interest accrued) forming such 
Net Margin provided to the Issuer; and 
(III) 
the value of the amounts owing to the Counterparty under the 
Repurchase Agreement, if any, which shall be deemed to be zero if no 
such amounts are owing, 
(the excess of the value referred to in (III) above the value referred to in (II) 
above, if any, the “Remaining Repurchase Counterparty Claim Amount”) 
to the Counterparty; and 
(3) 
where immediately prior to the associated termination (if applicable) of the 
Securities Lending Agreement, the amount by which the Market Value of the 
Collateral (for which purpose the Collateral Valuation Percentage shall be 100 
per cent.) (each as defined in the Securities Lending Agreement) provided by 
the Securities Lending Counterparty exceeded the Market Value of Securities 
equivalent to the Loaned Securities (each as defined in the Securities Lending 
Agreement) (the “Securities Lending Net Margin”) was greater than zero, an 
amount (as determined by the Counterparty or, if the Counterparty is the 
Defaulting Party (as defined in the Securities Lending Agreement), the Issuer 
and such amount being a “Securities Lending Net Margin Return Amount”) 
equal to the lesser of: 
(I) 
the Available Proceeds;

--- Page 84 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
75 
 
 
(II) 
the Default Market Values of the securities forming such Securities 
Lending Net Margin provided to the Issuer; and 
(III) 
the value of the amounts owing to the Counterparty under the 
Securities Lending Agreement, if any, which shall be deemed to be 
zero if no such amounts are owing (the excess of the value referred to 
in (III) above over the value referred to in (II) above, if any, the 
“Remaining Securities Lending Counterparty Claim Amount”) to 
the Counterparty; 
(B) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities 
properly incurred by the Trustee and any Receiver in relation to the Notes (including 
any taxes properly payable by the Trustee and any Receiver and required to be paid 
(other than those imposed on or calculated by reference to overall net income, profit or 
gain or recoverable value added tax) or payments to any third party of the costs of 
realising any security), whereby if the monies received by the Trustee are not sufficient 
to pay or satisfy such amounts in full, the Trustee shall apply such monies pro rata on 
the basis of the amount due to each party entitled to such payment; 
(C) 
thirdly, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities 
properly incurred by the Custodian and each of the Agents in relation to the Notes 
(including any taxes properly payable by the Custodian and each of the Agents and 
required to be paid (other than those imposed on or calculated by reference to overall 
net income, profit or gain or recoverable value added tax) or payments to any third 
party of the costs of realising any security), whereby if the monies received by the 
Trustee are not sufficient to pay or satisfy such amounts in full, the Trustee shall apply 
such monies pro rata on the basis of the amount due to each party entitled to such 
payment; 
(D) 
fourthly, in payment of any expenses of the Issuer incurred after the Issue Date which 
were not contemplated by the Issuer at the Issue Date; 
(E) 
fifthly, pari passu, in meeting the claims (if any) of: 
(1) 
a Counterparty under a Swap Agreement (which, to the extent that a CSB 
Return Amount has been paid to the Counterparty in accordance with 
Condition 4(d)(i)(A)(i), shall be limited to the Remaining Swap Counterparty 
Claim Amount); 
(2) 
a Counterparty under a Repurchase Agreement (which, to the extent that a Net 
Margin Return Amount has been paid to the Repurchase Counterparty in 
accordance with Condition 4(d)(i)(A)(ii), shall be limited to the Remaining 
Repurchase Counterparty Claim Amount); and 
(3) 
a Counterparty under a Securities Lending Agreement (which, to the extent 
that a Securities Lending Net Margin has been paid to the Counterparty in 
accordance with Condition 4(d)(i)(A)(iii), shall be limited to the Remaining 
Securities Lending Counterparty Claim Amount); 
(F) 
sixthly, rateably in meeting the claims (if any) of the holders of Notes, Coupons and 
Receipts (which for this purpose shall include any claim of the Principal Paying Agent 
for reimbursement of payment of principal and/or interest made to the holders of Notes, 
Coupons and Receipts), whereby if the monies received by the Trustee are not enough 
to pay such amounts in full, the Trustee shall apply such monies pro rata on the basis 
of the amount due to each party entitled to such payment; and 
(G) 
seventhly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
(ii) 
if “Noteholder Priority” is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms:

--- Page 85 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
76 
 
 
(A) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities 
properly incurred by the Trustee and any Receiver in relation to the Notes (including 
any taxes properly payable by the Trustee and any Receiver and required to be paid 
(other than those imposed on or calculated by reference to overall net income, profit or 
gain or recoverable value added tax) or payments to any third party of the costs of 
realising any security), whereby if the monies received by the Trustee are not sufficient 
to pay or satisfy such amounts in full, the Trustee shall apply such monies pro rata on 
the basis of the amount due to each party entitled to such payment; 
(B) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities 
properly incurred by the Custodian and each of the Agents in relation to the Notes 
(including any taxes properly payable by the Custodian and each of the Agents and 
required to be paid (other than those imposed on or calculated by reference to overall 
net income, profit or gain or recoverable value added tax) or payments to any third 
party of the costs of realising any security), whereby if the monies received by the 
Trustee are not sufficient to pay or satisfy such amounts in full, the Trustee shall apply 
such monies pro rata on the basis of the amount due to each party entitled to such 
payment; 
(C) 
thirdly, in payment of any expenses of the Issuer incurred after the Issue Date which 
were not contemplated by the Issuer at the Issue Date; 
(D) 
fourthly, rateably in meeting the claims (if any) of the holders of Notes, Coupons and 
Receipts (which for this purpose shall include any claim of the Principal Paying Agent 
for reimbursement of payment of principal and/or interest made to the holders of Notes, 
Coupons and Receipts), whereby if the monies received by the Trustee are not enough 
to pay such amounts in full, the Trustee shall apply such monies pro rata on the basis 
of the amount due to each party entitled to such payment; and 
(E) 
fifthly, in meeting the claims (if any) of each Counterparty under the Related 
Agreement(s); and 
(F) 
sixthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
(iii) 
if “Pari Passu Priority” is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms: 
(A) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities 
properly incurred by the Trustee and any Receiver in relation to the Notes (including 
any taxes properly payable by the Trustee and any Receiver and required to be paid 
(other than those imposed on or calculated by reference to overall net income, profit or 
gain or recoverable value added tax) or payments to any third party of the costs of 
realising any security), whereby if the monies received by the Trustee are not sufficient 
to pay or satisfy such amounts in full, the Trustee shall apply such monies pro rata on 
the basis of the amount due to each party entitled to such payment; 
(B) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities 
properly incurred by the Custodian and each of the Agents in relation to the Notes 
(including any taxes properly payable by the Custodian and each of the Agents and 
required to be paid (other than those imposed on or calculated by reference to overall 
net income, profit or gain or recoverable value added tax) or payments to any third 
party of the costs of realising any security), whereby if the monies received by the 
Trustee are not sufficient to pay or satisfy such amounts in full, the Trustee shall apply 
such monies pro rata on the basis of the amount due to each party entitled to such 
payment; 
(C) 
thirdly, in payment of any expenses of the Issuer incurred after the Issue Date which 
were not contemplated by the Issuer at the Issue Date; 
(D) 
fourthly, in meeting the claims (if any) of each Counterparty under the Related 
Agreement(s), which for the avoidance of doubt, include but are not limited to, any

--- Page 86 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
77 
 
 
termination amount under Section 6(e) (Payments on Early Termination) of any Swap 
Agreement that may be payable by the Issuer to relevant Swap Counterparty either (A) 
where the relevant Swap Counterparty is not the Defaulting Party (as defined in the 
relevant Swap Agreement); or (B) where the relevant Swap Counterparty is the 
Defaulting Party (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement) and the claim arises with 
respect to the excess of any Unpaid Amount (as defined in the relevant Swap 
Agreement) owing to the relevant Swap Counterparty in respect of a Credit Support 
Annex over any Settlement Amount (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement) 
owing to the Issuer under Section 6(e) (Payments on Early Termination) of relevant 
Swap Agreement; 
(E) 
fifthly, in meeting the claims (if any) of (A) where any Counterparty is the Defaulting 
Party (as defined in the relevant Related Agreement), the Counterparty under any 
Related Agreement, which for the avoidance of doubt in the case of a Swap Agreement, 
include but are not limited to, any termination amount under Section 6(e) (Payments 
on Early Termination) of the relevant Swap Agreement that may be payable by the 
Issuer to the relevant Swap Counterparty; and (B) the holders of the Notes, Coupons 
and Receipts, whereby if the monies received by the Trustee are not sufficient to pay 
or satisfy such amounts in full, the Trustee shall apply such monies pro rata on the 
basis of the amount due to each party entitled to such payment, provided that for the 
purposes of such pro rata allocation under this Clause 4(d)(iii)(E), the claims of the 
holders of the Notes, Coupons and Receipts shall be deemed to be equal to the 
Aggregate Principal Amount of the Notes; 
(F) 
sixthly, in meeting the balance of the claims (if any) of the holders of the Notes, 
Coupons and Receipts in excess of the amount referred to in Clause 4(d)(iii)(E); and 
(G) 
seventhly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
(iv) 
if “Other Priority” is specified, as specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed and in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
In these Conditions, “Liquidation Amount” means, unless otherwise specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, the equivalent in the currency in which the Notes are denominated of (i) (in the case 
of an enforcement of the Security constituted by the Security Documents or an Underlying Disposal 
Event) the net proceeds of the realisation of the Charged Assets or the Underlying Assets, as the case 
may be, received by the Trustee or the Issuer, as the case may be, or (ii) (in the case of an Underlying 
Early Redemption) the redemption proceeds of the relevant Underlying Assets, or (iii) (in the case of a 
Credit Event) the amount specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, after, in the case of (i), (ii) 
and (iii) above, payment of all amounts or claims (other than amounts payable on the Notes) which sit 
in priority to the Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 4(d), and any other expenses payable 
by the Issuer (if specified in the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed) in respect of the Notes and any 
amounts owing in taxes or to any governmental or other authority. 
Any proceeds not denominated in the relevant currency of the Notes will be converted by the Disposal 
Agent or by an agent selected by the Issuer into the relevant currency of the Notes at the prevailing spot 
exchange rate. 
(e) 
Substitution of Underlying Assets 
If specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Issuer and/or a manager or agent designated 
therein may from time to time, upon agreement with all the Noteholders (or without Noteholders’ 
agreement if in accordance with a pre-defined criteria relating to the relevant Series, as so stated in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms) but subject (in the case of Notes which are rated by any Rating Agency 
or Rating Agencies) to the Issuer (or designated manager or agent, as the case may be) having obtained 
prior written confirmation and/or affirmation (addressed to the Issuer and the Trustee) from each such 
Rating Agency that the credit rating of the Notes will not be adversely affected (or without such written 
confirmation if in accordance with a predefined criteria relating to the relevant Series, as so stated in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms), substitute alternative assets for such of the Underlying Assets as

--- Page 87 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
78 
 
 
the Issuer (or designated manager or agent, as the case may be) may deem appropriate.  Any such 
alternative assets will become Underlying Assets and will be held subject to the charges in favour of 
the Trustee as set out or contemplated in the Supplemental Trust Deed.  Unless in accordance with a 
predefined criteria relating to the relevant Series as so stated in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the 
Issuer (in the case of a Series admitted to listing on Euronext Dublin, the Wiener Börse AG or such 
other stock exchange (as the case may be)) shall prepare a revised Drawdown Prospectus which shall 
be lodged with such stock exchange, setting out details of such substitution (including, without 
limitation, the alternative Underlying Assets) and, in any event, shall notify the Noteholders thereof 
(and other Secured Creditors) in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
5. 
Restrictions 
So long as any Obligations remain outstanding, the Issuer will not, save to the extent permitted or 
contemplated herein or by the Transaction Documents or with the Obligation Documents: 
(a) 
engage in any business (other than acquiring and holding the Underlying Assets (which shall include 
the making of loans or otherwise providing credit), issuing, creating or incurring the Notes or 
Obligations, entering into Related Agreements, entering into the Transaction Documents and the 
Obligation Documents, as applicable, acquiring and holding other assets which impose no obligations 
on the Issuer, issuing further Series of Notes on terms substantially similar to these Conditions or 
creating other Obligations, performing its obligations and exercising its rights thereunder and under the 
other agreements entered into by it in connection with the issue, creation or incurrence of the Notes 
and/or other Obligations, the Obligation Documents and the Transaction Documents and such further 
Series and matters reasonably incidental thereto); 
(b) 
have any employees or premises; 
(c) 
lease or otherwise acquire an interest in any real property; 
(d) 
incur or permit to subsist any other indebtedness for borrowed money whatsoever or give any guarantee 
or indemnity in respect of any indebtedness other than issuing, creating or incurring Notes and/or other 
Obligations pursuant to the Principal Trust Deed (other than the Subordinated Notes, the terms of which 
are set out in the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed), provided that the Trustee is satisfied that such 
Notes and/or other Obligations are: 
(i) 
secured on assets of the Issuer other than:  (A) the assets securing any other Series of Notes and 
/or Obligations (save in the case of a Fungible Tranche of such Notes forming a single Series 
with the Tranche(s) of Notes already issued, subject to Condition 1(c) (Fungible Tranches of 
Notes comprising a Series)) issued under the Principal Trust Deed and as provided therein; 
(B) any other assets of the Issuer on which any other obligations of the Issuer are secured; and 
(C) the Issuer’s share capital and any local bank accounts established for the administration of 
the Issuer; 
(ii) 
issued on terms in substantially the form contained in these Conditions which provide for the 
extinguishment of all claims in respect of such further Notes and/or other Obligations after 
application of the proceeds of sale or redemption of the assets on which such Notes and/or other 
Obligations are secured; and 
(iii) 
in the case of a further Tranche of Notes forming a single series with any Tranche(s) of Notes 
previously issued, secured pari passu on the assets for such previously issued Tranche(s) and 
such further assets of the Issuer upon which such further Tranche of Notes and such previously 
issued Tranche(s) are secured, subject to Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, 
Waiver, Authorisation and Substitution); 
(e) 
sell or otherwise dispose of the Underlying Assets or any interest therein or agree or purport to do so; 
(f) 
create or permit to exist upon or affect any of the Underlying Assets relating to any Series any security 
interest whatsoever other than as contemplated by the Security Documents in relation to such Series;

--- Page 88 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
79 
 
 
(g) 
consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets substantially in 
their entirety to any person; 
(h) 
permit the validity or effectiveness of the Trust Deed, any other Security Document, any guarantee 
arrangements executed in relation to the issue of Notes and/or other Obligations or the priority of the 
Security created thereby to be amended, terminated, postponed or discharged, or permit any person 
whose obligations form part of such Security to be released from such obligations; 
(i) 
release any party to any Related Agreement from any executory obligation thereunder; 
(j) 
have any subsidiaries; 
(k) 
issue, create or incur a Series of Notes and/or other Obligations (i) unless confirmation has been 
received by the Rating Agency that the issue of such Series or the entering into of such Obligation(s) 
by the Issuer will not adversely impact the ratings assigned to any outstanding Series of Notes or other 
Obligation(s) (if any) provided further that this proviso (i) shall not apply in respect of any unrated 
Series of Notes or unrated Obligation(s) then outstanding of the same Issuer and (ii) which would cause 
the Issuer to breach its Issuer Limit; 
(l) 
declare or pay a dividend (except for dividends not exceeding an aggregate of USD 1,000.00 per annum, 
payable to its shareholder or shareholders from time to time) or make any distribution in respect of its 
share capital or issue any additional shares; 
(m) 
fail to comply with its obligations under the Custody Agreement and/or Sub-Custodian Agreement 
executed in relation to such Series, the Agency Agreement, the Programme Dealer Agreement, the 
relevant Administration Agreement (if any), the other Transaction Documents, Obligation Documents 
or Related Agreements (in each case, with respect to such Series) in respect of the Underlying Assets 
relating to such Series if any and, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, at all times 
maintain any Agents in any jurisdiction, place or city required by the Conditions relating to any 
outstanding Notes and/or other Obligations of such Series in accordance with the terms of the Notes 
and/or other Obligations of such Series; 
(n) 
make or consent to any amendment to any Transaction Document or Obligation Documents in respect 
of any Series of Notes and/or other Obligations or any Underlying Asset and Charged Assets in respect 
of such Series without the prior written consent of the Trustee; or 
(o) 
have, nor create, a UK establishment (within the meaning of the Overseas Companies Regulations 
2009). 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer shall at all times ensure that the Charged Assets in 
relation to any Series of Notes and/or other Obligations are kept separate and distinguishable from all other 
assets of the Issuer. 
With respect to the Custodian: 
A. 
The Custodian shall at all times be a financial institution with a rating satisfying the Required Custodian 
Rating. The Custodian shall not be responsible for monitoring its ongoing rating(s). In the event, 
however, that the rating of the Custodian does not satisfy the Required Custodian Rating or is 
withdrawn, it shall notify the Issuer and the Trustee as soon as practicable (save that the Custodian shall 
not incur any liability as a result of a failure to do so) and the Issuer, with the consent of the Trustee, 
shall use reasonable endeavours to procure that (a) a replacement custodian is appointed who satisfies 
the Required Custodian Rating and (b) that such replacement is made not earlier than the date falling 
33 days after the aforementioned breach of required rating, unless either (i) a Rating Agency 
Confirmation is obtained from the Rating Agencies; or (ii) the Issuer takes such other action as agreed 
with the Rating Agencies and the Initial Calculation Agent consents thereto. 
B. 
In addition and without prejudice to the foregoing, so long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, and 
to the extent the Custody (Cash) Account(s) in respect of such Series of Notes hold, at any time, an 
amount of Cash equal to or greater than 20 per cent. of the outstanding Principal Amount of such Series 
of Notes and the Series of Notes has a rating higher than that of the Custodian at the relevant time, the

--- Page 89 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
80 
 
 
Custodian holding the Custody (Cash) Account(s) on behalf of the Issuer shall maintain a required 
rating of A+ (or A in the event the Custodian has a short term senior unsecured debt rating of at least 
A-1) by the Rating Agency (provided that such required rating shall be reduced to A in circumstances 
where such Custody (Cash) Account(s) hold an amount of Cash equal to less than 20 per cent. of the 
outstanding Principal Amount of such Notes), unless (i) a Rating Agency Confirmation is obtained from 
Standard & Poor’s, (ii) the Issuer takes such other action as agreed with Standard & Poor’s and the 
Initial Calculation Agent consents thereto or (iii) the then current rating of the relevant Series of Notes 
is the same as or lower than that for the Custodian. 
C. 
In the event that the rating ascribed to the Custodian’s unsubordinated short term indebtedness by the 
Rating Agencies is less than the Required Custodian Rating (regardless of whether such Series of Notes 
or other Obligations is rated), the Custodian shall notify the Trustee and the Issuer forthwith (save that 
the Custodian shall not incur any liability as a result of a failure to do so) and, unless otherwise agreed 
with the relevant Issuer(s), the Custodian’s appointment under the Custody Agreement in respect of 
each Series of Notes and/or other Obligations in relation to which it is acting as Custodian shall be 
terminated with effect from the date falling not earlier than 33 days thereafter. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Custodian shall not be responsible for identifying any replacement and/or for 
the cost of the appointment of any replacement custodian (including, without limitation, the fees of any such 
replacement). 
The Principal Paying Agent shall at all times be a financial institution with a rating satisfying the Required 
Principal Paying Agent Rating. In the event that the rating of the Principal Paying Agent does not satisfy the 
Required Principal Paying Agent Rating or any of the Principal Paying Agent’s ratings is withdrawn, it shall 
notify the Issuer and the Trustee as soon as practicable and the Issuer, with the consent of the Trustee, shall use 
reasonable endeavours to procure that (a) a replacement Principal Paying Agent is appointed whose rating 
satisfies the Required Principal Paying Agent Rating, and (b) that such replacement is made within 30 days of 
the aforementioned breach of required rating, unless either (i) a Rating Agency Confirmation is obtained from 
the Rating Agencies (ii) the Issuer takes such other action as agreed with the Rating Agencies and the Initial 
Calculation Agent consents thereto. 
In the event that the Principal Paying Agent no longer satisfies the Required Principal Paying Agent Rating 
(regardless of whether such Series of Notes or other Obligations is rated), the Principal Paying Agent shall 
notify the Trustee and the Issuer forthwith and the Principal Paying Agent’s appointment hereunder shall be 
terminated with effect from the date falling 33 days thereafter (subject to the appointment of a successor at the 
cost of the Issuer), unless either (i) a Rating Agency Confirmation is obtained from the Rating Agencies; (ii) 
the Issuer takes such other action as agreed with the Rating Agencies and the Initial Calculation Agent consents 
thereto; or (iii) in the case of a Series of unrated Notes or other Obligations, the Issuer takes such other action 
and the Initial Calculation Agent consents thereto. 
The foregoing shall be subject to such other ratings requirements that may be agreed with the relevant Rating 
Agency for the relevant Series of Notes. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely absolutely on a certificate of any director of the Issuer in relation to any 
matter relating to the restrictions set out in this Condition 5 and to accept without liability any such certificate 
as sufficient evidence of the relevant fact or matter in question. 
The Trustee may in respect of any Series or otherwise act on the advice or opinion of or any information obtained 
from any lawyer, valuer, accountant, banker, broker or other expert whether obtained by the Issuer, the Trustee 
or otherwise (whether or not addressed to the Trustee, and whether or not such auditor or expert’s liability in 
respect thereof is limited by a monetary cap or otherwise) and shall not be responsible for any Liability 
occasioned by so acting. 
6. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 6(a) is applicable only if the Applicable Transaction Terms specify the Notes as Fixed 
Rate Notes.

--- Page 90 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
81 
 
 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its Principal Amount (or as otherwise specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms) from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the Interest Rate, such 
interest being payable in arrear (unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) on 
each Interest Payment Date (subject to exercise of the switch option pursuant to Condition 6(o) (Switch 
Option), if specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms). 
The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 6(j) (Calculations). 
(b) 
Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes 
This Condition 6(b) is applicable only if the Applicable Transaction Terms specify the Notes as Floating 
Rate Notes, provided that this Condition 6(b) shall also apply to Index/Formula-Linked Notes as 
specified in Condition 6(c)(i). 
The amount of interest payable in respect of the Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 6(j) (Calculations) (subject to exercise of the switch option pursuant to Condition 6(o) 
(Switch Option), if specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms). 
(i) 
If “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined, subject to Condition 6(p), the 
Interest Rate applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(A) 
if the Page displays a rate which is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by 
one entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Relevant Rate which appears on 
the Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(B) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Relevant Rates which appear on the Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(C) 
if, in the case of paragraph (A) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the 
case of paragraph (B) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in 
either case, the Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(1) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Relevant Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date to prime banks in 
the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in the Representative Amount; 
and 
(2) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(D) 
if the method set out in paragraph (C) above does not produce a result, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the rate acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
(E) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(b)(i), where pursuant to any requirement the 
Calculation Agent shall request quotes from Reference Banks, such requirement to 
make requests for quotations for rates from, and the provision of quotations for rates 
by, the requisite number of Reference Banks, may be effected by reference to and using 
quotations or tradable market prices which are made available by such Reference 
Banks, Reference Dealers or major banks via electronic data providers or electronic 
trading platforms. For the purposes of the preceding sentence, the term “Reference 
Dealers” shall have the meaning set out in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
If “ISDA Determination” is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as the manner in 
which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined and subject to this Condition 6(b)(ii) and 
Condition 6(p), the Interest Rate(s) applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the 
sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation

--- Page 91 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
82 
 
 
Agent under an interest rate swap transaction as if the Calculation Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which:  
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
(B) 
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms is an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option and either Compounding or Averaging is specified as 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms: 
(1) 
an Applicable Business Day is any day that is a Business Day (as defined in 
these Conditions); 
(2) 
the relevant Reset Date is the last day of the relevant Interest Period, unless 
otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
(3) 
the Daily Capped Rate is as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
(4) 
the Daily Floored Rate is as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
(5) 
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, and if so, the applicable number of days is either (1) as 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, or (2) if no number is specified 
as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms, five (5); 
(6) 
if Compounding is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms: 
(I) 
OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms; 
(II) 
Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if specified as such in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms, and if so, the Lookback is either (x) 
as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, or (y) if no number 
is specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the number 
specified as the “Lookback” for the relevant Floating Rate Option in 
the ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
(III) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms, and if so, Set 
in Advance will be applicable if specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day 
is as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, and the 
Observation Period Shift is either (x) as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, the number specified as the 
“Observation Period Shift” for the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 
ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, five (5); and 
(IV) 
Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if specified as such in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms, and if so, Lockout Period Business 
Day is as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms and the 
Lockout is either (x) as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, the number specified as the “Lockout” for the relevant Floating 
Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is 
specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); or 
(7) 
if Averaging is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms:

--- Page 92 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
83 
 
 
(I) 
Overnight Averaging will be applicable if specified as such in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms; 
(II) 
Averaging with Lookback will be applicable if specified as such in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, and if so, the Lookback is either (x) as 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, or (y) if no number is 
specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the number 
specified as the “Lookback” for the relevant Floating Rate Option in 
the ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
(III) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift will be applicable if specified 
as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms, and if so, Set in Advance 
will be applicable if specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day is as 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms and the Observation 
Period Shift is either (x) as specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, the number specified as the “Observation Period 
Shift” for the relevant Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, 
or (z) if no such number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate 
Option, five (5); and 
(IV) 
Averaging with Lockout will be applicable if specified as such in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, and if so, Lockout Period Business Day 
is as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms and the Lockout is 
either (x) as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, or (y) if no 
number is specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the 
number specified as the “Lockout” for the relevant Floating Rate 
Option in the ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified. 
relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); or 
(C) 
otherwise: 
(1) 
the Designated Maturity is the Specified Duration; and 
(2) 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(D) 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii) of Condition 6(b), “Additional Business 
Day”, “Applicable Business Day”, “Averaging with Lockout”, “Averaging with 
Lookback”, “Averaging with Observation Period Shift”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Compounding with Lockout”, “Compounding with Lookback”, “Compounding 
with Observation Period Shift”, “Daily Capped Rate”, “Daily Floored Rate”, 
“Delayed Payment”, “Designated Maturity”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Floating 
Rate”, “Lockout Period Business Day”, “Lockout”, “Lookback”, “Observation 
Period Shift”, “Observation Period Shift”, “OIS Compounding”, “Overnight 
Averaging”, “Overnight Floating Rate Option”, “Reset Date” and “Set in 
Advance” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions, but with 
references, where applicable, to “the Confirmation” being read as “the Applicable 
Transaction Terms”. 
(E) 
Where the ISDA Definitions state that the determination of the Floating Rate Option 
will be pursuant to any requirement for the Calculation Agent to request quotes from 
Reference Banks, Reference Dealers or major banks pursuant to the ISDA Definitions, 
such requirement to make requests for quotations for rates from, and the provision of 
quotations for rates by, the requisite number of Reference Banks, Reference Dealers or 
major banks may be effected by reference to and using quotations or tradable market 
prices which are made available by such Reference Banks, Reference Dealers or major 
banks via electronic data providers or electronic trading platforms. For the purposes of

--- Page 93 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
84 
 
 
the preceding sentence, the terms “Reference Banks” and “Reference Dealers” shall 
have the meanings set out in the ISDA Definitions. 
(F) 
For the purpose of determining the relevant ISDA Rate, if an applicable rate has not 
been published on the relevant screen page and an Index Cessation Event (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) has not occurred, then the Calculation Agent will determine 
the applicable Floating Rate acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner 
using any available data which may include Relevant Market Data. Where an Index 
Cessation Event (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) has occurred, the provisions of 
Condition 6(p) shall apply. 
(G) 
In respect of any Reset Date, for the purpose of determining the Floating Rate (in order 
to establish the Underlying Value for a given Underlying Benchmark) pursuant to the 
relevant Floating Rate Option under the ISDA Definitions, where such date is also 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as being an Observation Date for the 
same Underlying Benchmark determination, then the Floating Rate will be determined 
pursuant to that Floating Rate Option on the basis of the rate or rates observed from the 
specified screens, websites, other electronic sources or platforms, companies, 
institutions or other entities, in each case as of such Reset Date, disregarding any 
requirement in the ISDA Definitions to observe such rate or rates as of a date earlier 
than the Reset Date (but without prejudice to any fallback process specified for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option that requires such rate or rates to be observed for such 
Floating Rate Option as of a different date where they cannot be observed as of the 
Reset Date). 
(c) 
Interest Rate on Index/Formula-Linked Notes: 
This Condition 6(c) is applicable only if the Applicable Transaction Terms specify the Notes as 
Index/Formula-Linked Notes. 
The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 6(j) (Calculations) 
(subject to exercise of the switch option pursuant to Condition 6(o) (Switch Option), if specified as 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms).  
If the Applicable Transaction Terms specify that the Interest Rate shall be linked to an index or indices 
or a formula or formulae, the Interest Rate applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 6(c)(ii) below or as otherwise specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms.  
The provisions of Condition 6(b) and Condition 6(p) shall apply to each Underlying Benchmark 
referenced in a Series of Index/Formula-Linked Notes as though references to the Interest Rate in 
Condition 6(b) (Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes) or Relevant Rate Benchmark in Condition 6(p) 
(Benchmark Provisions) were references to such Underlying Benchmark. 
Where any amount payable in respect of the Notes is determined by reference to a formula set out in 
the Conditions, that same formula where set out in the Applicable Transaction Terms may be simplified 
in circumstances where an element of the formula has a value of either 0 or 1, or is not used or is not 
applicable for the purposes of the relevant Series of Notes, such that such element may be omitted from 
the relevant formula as set out in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(i) 
Non-Standard Interest Payoff Provisions 
If “Non-Standard Interest Payoff Provisions” is specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined, subject to 
Condition 6(p), the Interest Rate applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be 
determined in the manner specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(ii) 
Standard Interest Payoff Provisions

--- Page 94 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
85 
 
 
If “Standard Interest Payoff Provisions” is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as 
the manner in which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined, subject to Condition 6(p), the 
Interest Rate applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined in accordance 
with this Condition 6(c)(ii) as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(A) 
Standard Floating Interest Payoff 
The following terms and conditions (the “Standard Floating Interest Payoff 
Conditions”) shall apply to the Notes if the Applicable Transaction Terms indicate that 
Standard Floating Interest (“Standard Floating Interest”) is applicable. 
Interest Rate 
The Interest Rate is calculated as the product of: 
(i) 
Leverage; and 
(ii) 
Underlying Valuexy plus Spread, 
with such amount being subject to the Cap and/or the Floor. 
The Underlying Valuexy is calculated by reference to the price, level or rate of the 
Underlying Benchmark or, if a combination of an Underlyingx and an Underlyingy is 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, is calculated by reference to the price, 
level or rate of the Underlyingx and of the Underlyingy at the relevant time, as 
applicable. The value of the Underlying Benchmark (or, as applicable, the relevant 
Underlyingx and Underlyingy) will be used as a component in this calculation and may 
therefore affect the Interest Rate, subject to the Leverage, the Spread and the Cap 
and/or the Floor. 
The Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Period for Notes for which Standard Floating 
Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Period shall be calculated as follows: 
Leverage x (Underlying Valuexy + Spread) subject to Cap and/or Floor 
and expressed as a rate per annum.  
(B) 
Inverse Floater Interest Payoff 
The following terms and conditions (the “Inverse Floater Interest Payoff 
Conditions”) shall apply to the Notes if the Applicable Transaction Terms indicate that 
Inverse Floater Interest (the “Inverse Floater Interest”) is applicable. 
Interest Rate 
The Interest Rate is calculated as:  
(i) 
the Fixed Rate1; minus 
(ii) 
the product of Leverage and (a) the Underlying Valuexy plus (b) the Spread, 
subject to the Cap and/or Floor. 
The Underlying Valuexy is calculated by reference to the price, level or rate of the 
Underlying Benchmark or, if a combination of an Underlyingx and an Underlyingy is 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, is calculated by reference to the price, 
level or rate of the Underlyingx and of the Underlyingy at the relevant time, as 
applicable. The value of the Underlying Benchmark (or, as applicable, the relevant 
Underlyingx and Underlyingy) will be used as a component in this calculation and may 
therefore affect the Interest Rate, subject to the Fixed Rate1, the Leverage, the Spread 
and the Cap and/or the Floor.

--- Page 95 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
86 
 
 
The Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Period for Notes for which Inverse Floater 
Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Period shall be calculated as follows: 
(Fixed Rate1 –(Leverage x (Underlying Valuexy plus the Spread))), subject to 
Cap and/or Floor 
and expressed as a rate per annum. 
(C) 
Standard Digital to Participation Payoff 
The following terms and conditions (the “Standard Digital to Participation Interest 
Payoff Conditions”) shall apply to the Notes if the Applicable Transaction Terms 
indicate that Standard Digital to Participation Interest (the “Standard Digital to 
Participation Interest”) is applicable. 
Interest Rate 
The Interest Rate is calculated as either: 
(i) 
if the First Trigger is satisfied, the Fixed Rate1; 
(ii) 
if the Second Trigger is satisfied, the Fixed Rate2 or 
(iii) otherwise, being P plus or minus the lesser of: 
(a) Cap; and 
(b) the greater of (A) Floor and (B) Leverage multiplied by the sum of Margin 
and the result of UnderlyingObservation1 divided by UnderlyingObservation2. 
UnderlyingObservation1 reflects a specified value or the Underlying Valuexy or the 
Underlying Valuez on the Underlying Observation Date1 for the relevant Interest 
Period and UnderlyingObservation2 reflects a specified value or the Underlying Valuexy or 
the Underlying Valuez on the Underlying Observation Date2 for the relevant Interest 
Period where the Underlying Valuexy is calculated by reference to the price, level or 
rate of the Underlyingxy or, if a combination of an Underlyingx and an Underlyingy is 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the price, level or rate of the 
Underlyingx and of the Underlyingy at the relevant time, as applicable. The value of the 
Underlyingxy (or, as applicable, the relevant Underlyingx and Underlyingy) may 
therefore affect which rate is used to calculate the Interest Rate applicable to the Notes 
and the value of the Underlyingxy (or, as applicable, the relevant Underlyingx and 
Underlyingy) observed on each of the relevant days in the relevant Interest Period may 
each be used as a component in the calculation of one of the rates, if applicable, subject 
to P, the Leverage, the Margin, the Cap and the Floor. 
The Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Period for Notes for which Standard Digital 
to Participation Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Period shall be 
calculated as follows: 
(i) 
if the First Trigger is satisfied, equal to Fixed Rate1; or 
(ii) 
if the Second Trigger is satisfied, equal to Fixed Rate2; or 
(iii) 
otherwise, equal to: 
P ± Min ቌCap, Max ൭Floor, Leverage × ቆ± 
UnderlyingObservation1
UnderlyingObservation2
 ± Marginቇ൱ቍ 
If several of the above conditions are satisfied (because the Ranges or Barriers overlap), 
the Interest Rate will be: (i) the highest of the Fixed Rates applicable to these satisfied

--- Page 96 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
87 
 
 
conditions if the Range/Barrier Overlap Priority is specified as “Highest” in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms; or (ii) the lowest of the Fixed Rates applicable to these 
satisfied conditions if the Range/Barrier Overlap Priority is specified as “Lowest” in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(D) 
Standard Digital Payoff 
The following terms and conditions (the “Standard Digital Interest Payoff 
Conditions”) shall apply to the Notes if the Applicable Transaction Terms indicate that 
Standard Digital Interest (“Standard Digital Interest”) is applicable. 
Interest Rate 
The Interest Rate is calculated as either: 
(i) 
if the First Trigger is satisfied, the Fixed Rate1; 
(ii) 
if the Second Trigger is satisfied, the Fixed Rate2; or 
(iii) 
if the Third Trigger is satisfied, the Fixed Rate3. 
The Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Period for Notes for which Standard Digital 
Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Period shall be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
if the First Trigger is satisfied, equal to Fixed Rate1; or 
(ii) 
if the Second Trigger is satisfied, equal to Fixed Rate2; or 
(iii) 
if the Third Trigger is satisfied, equal to Fixed Rate3. 
If several of the above conditions are satisfied (because the Ranges or Barriers overlap), 
the Interest Rate will be: (i) the highest of the Fixed Rates applicable to these satisfied 
conditions if the Range/Barrier Overlap Priority is specified as “Highest” in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms; or (ii) the lowest of the Fixed Rates applicable to these 
satisfied conditions if the Range/Barrier Overlap Priority is specified as “Lowest” in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
 
(E) 
Standard Floating Range Accrual Interest Payoff 
The following terms and conditions (the “Standard Floating Range Accrual Interest 
Payoff Conditions”) shall apply to the Notes if the Applicable Transaction Terms 
indicate that Standard Floating Range Accrual Interest (the “Standard Floating Range 
Accrual Interest”) is applicable. 
Interest Rate 
The Interest Rate is calculated as the Accrual Factor (if “Accrual Factor OUT” 
applies) or 1, in either case multiplied by an amount equal to the lesser of: 
 
(a) Cap; and 
(b) the greater of (i) Floor and (ii) Leverage, multiplied by Global Underlying 
Value plus Margin1 multiplied by Accrual Factor (if “Accrual Factor IN” 
applies) or otherwise 1, plus Margin2. 
The Accrual Factor is a number determined by reference to, among other things, the 
Underlying Valuei. The Global Underlying Value is calculated by reference to the 
price, level or rate of the Global Underlying or, if a combination of a Global 
Underlyingx and a Global Underlyingy is specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, the price, level or rate of the Global Underlyingx and of the Global Underlyingy,

--- Page 97 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
88 
 
 
as applicable. The Underlying Valuei is calculated by reference to the price, level or 
rate of the Underlyingi or, if a combination of an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy is 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the price, level or rate of the 
Underlyingix and of the Underlyingiy at the relevant time, as applicable. The value of 
the Underlying Valuei (or, as applicable, the relevant Underlyingix and Underlyingiy) 
or the Global Underlying Value will therefore affect the Interest Rate since (i) the value 
of the Underlyingi (or, as applicable, the relevant Underlyingix and Underlyingiy) 
affects the value of the Accrual Factor which is used as a component of the formula 
used to calculate the Interest Rate and (ii) the value of the Global Underlying (or, as 
applicable, the Global Underlyingx and the Global Underlyingy) is used as a separate 
component in the formula used to calculate the Interest Rate. 
The Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Period for Notes for which Standard Floating 
Range Accrual Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Period shall be 
calculated as follows: 
Accrual Factor OUT
× Min ቀCap, Max൫Floor, ൫Leverage × Global Underlying Value + Margin1൯
× Accrual Factor IN + Margin2)൯ቁ 
(F) 
Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest Payoff 
The following terms and conditions (the “Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest 
Payoff Conditions”) shall apply to the Notes if the Applicable Transaction Terms 
indicate that Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest (the “Standard Fixed Range 
Accrual Interest”) is applicable. 
Interest Rate 
The Interest Rate is calculated as: 
(i) 
in the case of Linear type of Range Accrual payoff, Fixed Rate1 multiplied by 
Accrual Factor; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Non-Linear type of Range Accrual payoff, the Fixed Rate (n) 
applicable to the n calculated for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Accrual Factor is a number calculated by reference to, among other things, each 
Underlying Valuei. The Underlying Valuei is calculated by reference to the price, level 
or rate of the relevant Underlyingi or, if a combination of an Underlyingix and an 
Underlyingiy is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, is calculated by 
reference to the price, level or rate of the relevant Underlyingix and of the relevant 
Underlyingiy at the relevant time, as applicable. The value of each Underlyingi or, as 
applicable, each Underlyingix and Underlyingiy, will therefore affect the value of the 
Accrual Factor which is used as a component of the formula used to calculate the 
Interest Rate. 
The Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Period for Notes for which Standard Fixed 
Range Accrual Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Period and: 
(i) 
in respect of which “Linear” is specified as applicable in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms shall be calculated as follows: 
Fixed Rate1 x Accrual Factor 
and expressed as a percentage; and

--- Page 98 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
89 
 
 
(ii) 
in respect to which “Non-Linear” is specified as applicable in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms shall be calculated as follows: 
Fixed Rate (n) for the n applicable in respect of such Interest Period 
 
(G) 
Standard Formula Linked Interest Payoff 
The following terms and conditions (the “Standard Formula Linked Interest Payoff 
Conditions”) shall apply to the Notes if the Applicable Transaction Terms indicate that 
Standard Formula Linked Interest (“Standard Formula Linked Interest”) is 
applicable. 
Interest Rate 
The Interest Rate is calculated as: 
(i) 
P; plus 
(ii) 
the Leverage multiplied by the Formula Result plus the Spread, 
subject to the Cap and/or Floor. 
The Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Period for Notes for which Standard Formula 
Linked Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Period shall be calculated as 
follows: 
P+ Leverage x (Formula Result + Spread), subject to Cap and/or Floor 
and expressed as a percentage. 
 
 
 
The Formula Result shall be determined as of the Interest Observation Date. 
(H) 
Participation Interest Payoff 
The following terms and conditions (the “Participation Interest Payoff Conditions”) 
shall apply to the Notes if the Applicable Transaction Terms indicate that Participation 
Interest (“Participation Interest”) is applicable. 
Interest Rate 
The Interest Rate is calculated as the lesser of: 
(a) Cap; and  
(b) the greater of (i) Floor and (ii) Leverage multiplied by the sum of Margin and the 
result of the UnderlyingObservation1 for the relevant Interest Period divided by the 
UnderlyingObservation2 for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Period for Notes for which Participation 
Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Period shall be calculated as follows: 
Min ቆCap, Max ൭Floor, Leverage × ቆ
UnderlyingObservation1
UnderlyingObservation2
+ Marginቇ൱ ቇ 
(d) 
Maximum or Minimum Interest Rates 
If any Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, then the Interest Rate shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum 
so specified (subject to exercise of the switch option pursuant to Condition 6(o) (Switch Option), if 
specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms).

--- Page 99 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
90 
 
 
(e) 
Interest Rate on Zero Coupon Notes 
The Interest Rate for any overdue principal in respect of a Zero Coupon Note shall be a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the implied yield to maturity or the figure as shown on the face of 
the Note or in the Applicable Transaction Terms (before as well as after judgment) up to the Relevant 
Date (the “Zero Coupon Yield”) as determined by the Calculation Agent (subject to exercise of the 
switch option pursuant to Condition 6(o) (Switch Option), if specified as applicable in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms). 
(f) 
Credit Linked Notes 
(i) 
In the case of Credit Linked Notes, subject to the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of each Note in respect of an Interest Period shall be an amount 
determined in accordance with this Condition 6 (Interest and other Calculations) (as completed 
by the Applicable Transaction Terms), provided that no Interest Amount shall be payable to the 
extent that it has ceased to accrue. 
(ii) 
Interest Amounts shall cease to accrue from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the date of any DC Credit Event Question (or, if there is no such Interest 
Payment Date, the Interest Commencement Date), provided that if (A) there follows a 
corresponding DC No Credit Event Announcement, such cessation shall be deemed not to have 
occurred, in which case, any Interest Amount that would, but for such cessation, have become 
payable shall be payable by the Issuer two Business Days after that DC No Credit Event 
Announcement, or (B) there follows a corresponding DC Credit Event Announcement, and an 
Interest Payment Date has occurred following the date of the relevant DC Credit Event Question 
but prior to the related Event Determination Date, the Interest Amount that would, but for such 
cessation, have become payable on the Interest Payment Date shall be payable by the Issuer 
two Business Days after that DC Credit Event Announcement. No additional interest shall 
accrue or be payable following such a DC No Credit Event Announcement or in respect of any 
Interest Payment Date occurring following the date of the relevant DC Credit Event Question 
but prior to the related Event Determination Date and any failure to pay such an Interest Amount 
for so long as any cessation prevailed shall not constitute a default in payment. 
(iii) 
Interest Amounts shall cease to accrue from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding an Event Determination Date (or, if there is no such Interest Payment 
Date, the Interest Commencement Date), provided that if, prior to the Credit Event Trigger 
Date, the Event Determination Date is subsequently reversed or otherwise deemed not to have 
occurred pursuant to the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement, such cessation shall also be 
deemed not to have occurred. In such event, any Interest Amount that would, but for such 
cessation, have become payable on an Interest Payment Date falling on or prior to the relevant 
Reversal Date shall be payable by the Issuer two Business Days after that Reversal Date. No 
additional interest shall accrue or be payable in respect of any reversal of an Event 
Determination Date or deeming that an Event Determination Date has not occurred and any 
failure to pay such an Interest Amount for so long as any cessation prevailed shall not constitute 
a default in payment. 
(iv) 
If the Swap Counterparty delivers to the Issuer an Extension Notice, Interest Amounts shall 
cease to accrue from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the date 
of the Extension Notice, provided that, if no Credit Event Trigger Date subsequently occurs, 
such cessation shall also be deemed not to have occurred. In such event, any Interest Amount 
that would, but for such cessation, have become payable shall be payable by the Issuer on the 
Maturity Date. No additional interest shall accrue or be payable in respect of any such 
postponement of the payment of any Interest Amount and any failure to pay such an Interest 
Amount for so long as any cessation prevailed shall not constitute a default in payment. 
(v) 
Notwithstanding any Maturity Date Extension Event (as defined in Condition 7(p) (Credit 
Linked Notes)), interest shall cease to accrue on the Scheduled Maturity Date.

--- Page 100 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
91 
 
 
(vi) 
The Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment to any amount(s) payable to Noteholders as 
it considers in its sole discretion necessary to account for the effects of any of the following: 
(A) any Event Determination Date initially deemed to have occurred on one date being 
subsequently deemed to have occurred on another, or (B) any Event Determination Date being 
determined after the occurrence of an Interest Payment Date to have occurred prior to that 
Interest Payment Date. The Calculation Agent shall also determine the date on which any such 
adjustment shall take effect. For the avoidance of doubt, no accruals of interest shall be taken 
into account when calculating any such adjustment. 
(vii) 
Noteholders should note that such adjustments may result in the reduction of further amounts 
of interest or principal otherwise payable under the Notes, to account for previous excess 
payments received by the Noteholders. 
(viii) 
Terms used but not defined in this Condition 6(f) shall have the meanings given to them in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(g) 
Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes, interest will accrue in accordance with this Condition 6 (Interest and 
other Calculations) on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes. 
(h) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest will cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation 
(unless in the case of a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note or a Registered Global 
Note issued by Premium Green PLC or PREMIUM Plus p.l.c. whereby the Applicable Transaction 
Terms specify that such Note is intended to be in NGN form (in the case of a Temporary Global Note 
or a Permanent Global Note) or in NSSGN form (in the case of a Registered Global Note), payment of 
principal is improperly withheld or refused by the Issuer or the Paying Agents (acting on behalf of the 
Issuer), in which event interest will continue to accrue (before as well as after judgment) at the Interest 
Rate in the manner provided in this Condition 6 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7(d) 
(Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes)). 
(i) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise specified): 
(i) 
all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up); 
(ii) 
all figures will be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up); and 
(iii) 
all currency amounts which fall due and payable will be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of Japanese yen, which shall be 
rounded down to the nearest Japanese yen.  For these purposes, “unit” means, with respect to 
any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency which is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means 0.01 euro. 
(j) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for each Interest Period 
shall be equal to the product of the Interest Rate, the Calculation Amount specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms and the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its 
calculation) is applicable to such Interest Period, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, in 
which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such 
Interest Period will equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula) 
(subject to exercise of the switch option pursuant to Condition 6(o) (Switch Option), if specified as 
applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms).

--- Page 101 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
92 
 
 
In respect of any period other than an Interest Period for which interest is required to be calculated, the 
provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for such period for which interest 
is required to be calculated. 
(k) 
Determination and Publication of Interest Rates, Interest Amounts, Redemption Amounts, Early 
Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable after the Relevant Time on each Interest 
Determination Date or such other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to 
calculate any Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount and/or amount of 
Deliverable Property, obtain any quote or make any determination or calculation, determine the Interest 
Rate and calculate the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount (the “Interest Amounts”), 
calculate the Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount and/or amount of 
Deliverable Property, obtain such quote or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, 
and cause the Interest Rate and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, 
any Instalment Amount and/or amount of Deliverable Property, to be notified to the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Trustee, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and, if the Notes are listed 
on a stock exchange and the rules of such stock exchange so requires, such exchange as soon as possible 
after their determination but in no event later than (i) (in case of notification to such stock exchange) 
the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of an 
Interest Rate and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such 
determination.  The Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  If the Notes become due and payable under 
Condition 10 (Events of Default), the accrued interest and the Interest Rate payable in respect of the 
Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but 
no publication of the Interest Rate or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made unless otherwise 
required by the Trustee.  The determination of each Interest Rate, Interest Amount, Redemption 
Amount, Instalment Amount and/or amount of Deliverable Property, the obtaining of each quote and 
the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 6(b) 
(Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes), shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon 
all parties. 
(l) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer will procure that there shall at all times be four Reference Banks selected by the Issuer acting 
through the Calculation Agent with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre (or, if the Relevant 
Financial Centre is Helsinki, five Reference Banks) and a Calculation Agent if provision is made for 
them in the Conditions applicable to this Note and for so long as it is outstanding.  If any Reference 
Bank (acting through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, 
then the Issuer acting through the Calculation Agent will select another Reference Bank with an office 
in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in its place.  If the Calculation Agent is unable or 
unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Interest Rate for any 
Interest Period or to calculate the Interest Amounts or any other requirements, the Issuer will appoint 
(with the prior written consent of the Trustee) a successor to act as such in its place.  The Calculation 
Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(m) 
Determination or Calculation by Disposal Agent 
If the Calculation Agent does not at any time for any reason determine any Interest Rate for an Interest 
Period, Interest Amount, Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount Instalment Amount, the 
amount of any Deliverable Property or any other amount to be determined or calculated by it, the 
Disposal Agent (if not the same entity as the Calculation Agent) shall determine such Interest Rate, 
Interest Amount, Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount Instalment Amount, amount of 
Deliverable Property or other amount as aforesaid at such rate or in such amount as in its absolute 
discretion (having regard as it shall think fit to the procedures described above, but subject to the terms 
of the Trust Deed) it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances or, subject as aforesaid, 
apply the foregoing provisions of this Condition, with any consequential amendments, to the extent that,

--- Page 102 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
93 
 
 
in its sole opinion, it can do so and in all other respects it shall do so in such manner as it shall, in its 
absolute discretion, deem fair and reasonable in the circumstances, and each such determination or 
calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the Calculation Agent. 
(n) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions or the Applicable Transaction Terms is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention and would otherwise fall on a day which 
is not a Business Day, then if the Business Day Convention specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms is: 
(i) 
the “Floating Rate Convention”, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event: 
(x) 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; and 
(y) 
each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such 
date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment; 
(ii) 
the “Following Business Day Convention”, such date shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
the “Modified Following Business Day Convention”, such date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iv) 
the “Preceding Business Day Convention”, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day, 
provided that if neither “Floating Rate Convention” nor “Following Business Day Convention” nor 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” nor “Preceding Payment Business Day Convention” 
is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, “Following Business Day Convention” shall be 
deemed to apply. 
If “Interest Periods will be adjusted” is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, (a) any Interest 
Payment Date otherwise falling on a day which is not a Business Day will be postponed or brought 
forward (as applicable) in accordance with the specified Business Day Convention (as described above), 
(b) the Interest Period ending on the Interest Period end date immediately preceding, or falling on, such 
Interest Payment Date will be adjusted accordingly and (c) the amount of interest payable on such 
Interest Payment Date will be adjusted accordingly. 
If “Interest Periods will be unadjusted” is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, any Interest 
Payment Date otherwise falling on a day which is not a Business Day will be postponed or brought 
forward (as applicable) in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention and there will be 
no corresponding adjustment to any Interest Period or to the amount of interest payable on that or any 
other Interest Payment Date. 
(o) 
Switch Option 
If specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Noteholders have the option (the 
“Switch Option”) to propose, from time to time, and each Counterparty under the Related Agreement(s) 
may agree, to change the Interest Rate to an alternative interest rate (the “Substitution Rate”), provided 
that such option shall only be exercisable by the holder(s) of the Notes who collectively hold 100 per 
cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding and in respect of the same 
Substitution Rate according to the provisions below and provided that no Early Redemption Event or 
Event of Default has occurred and still exists. 
To exercise the Switch Option: 
(i) 
the Noteholders shall send in writing to whichever of Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg 
records or will record on its books ownership of the Notes being exercised (the “Clearing

--- Page 103 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
94 
 
 
System”), (with a copy to the Calculation Agent, the Issuer, the Trustee, each Counterparty and 
the Principal Paying Agent (who will forward the same to the Calculation Agent)) a duly 
completed exercise notice (“Switch Option Notice”), in or substantially in the form of 
Schedule 3 (Form of Switch Option Notice) of the Agency Agreement (including a 
representation on non-U.S. ownership and beneficial ownership) and obtainable from any 
Paying Agent, at any time during the period from, and including, the first day of any Interest 
Period up to but excluding 2 p.m. (Central European Time) on the day that is 15 Business Days 
(such day excluded) prior to the last day of such Interest Period (an “Option Exercise 
Deadline”), specifying its option of a floating rate, a variable rate, a fixed rate or an 
index-linked rate; 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall, outside of the Clearing System, no later than 3 p.m. (Central 
European Time) on the fifth Business Day immediately following the receipt of the Switch 
Option Notice during any Interest Period, notify the Noteholders in writing (a “Switch Option 
Reply”), in or substantially in the form of Schedule 4 (Form of Switch Option Reply) of the 
Agency Agreement (with a copy to the Issuer, the Trustee, each Counterparty and the Principal 
Paying Agent) of the Substitution Rate and the Applicable Transaction Terms relating to such 
Substitution Rate for the purposes of these Conditions and their application hereto while such 
Substitution Rate applies to the Notes (the “Substitution Rate Applicable Transaction 
Terms”) all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in its absolute discretion in 
accordance with market practice and taking into account, among other things, the relevant 
market conditions, interest rate volatility and the time remaining to maturity of the Notes as at 
the time of submission of the Switch Option Notice; 
(iii) 
the Noteholders shall outside of the Clearing System notify the Calculation Agent (with a copy 
to the Issuer, the Trustee, each Counterparty and the Principal Paying Agent) in writing of their 
agreement by countersigning the Switch Option Reply, no later than one hour after the 
Calculation Agent has provided the level of the Substitution Rate to the Noteholders (the 
“Option Agreement Deadline”); and 
(iv) 
the Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable provide confirmation that the 
Noteholders’ agreement with the Substitution Rate Applicable Transaction Terms has been 
received, to the Issuer, the Trustee, each Counterparty and the Principal Paying Agent. 
Provided that 100 per cent. of the Noteholders have agreed to the Substitution Rate in the 
manner provided above, the Substitution Rate will be the Interest Rate which will apply to the 
Notes in accordance with the Substitution Rate Applicable Transaction Terms for the Interest 
Period specified in the Switch Option Reply, unless and until a new Switch Option is validly 
exercised and a new Substitution Rate is agreed in which case the relevant new Substitution 
Rate shall apply on the condition that a Switch Option may occur only once in any Interest 
Period. 
In the event that: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent has not received Switch Option Notices by or on behalf of the 
Noteholder(s) exercising a Switch Option in respect of 100 per cent. of all Notes then 
outstanding by the relevant Option Exercise Deadline; or 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent has not received written notices by or on behalf of the 
Noteholder(s) in respect of 100 per cent. of all Notes then outstanding agreeing to the 
Substitution Rate Applicable Transaction Terms by the Option Agreement Deadline, 
then the Substitution Rate shall not apply and the Notes shall continue to bear interest at the 
then Interest Rate applicable to the Interest Period during which such Switch Option was 
exercised until such time as a new Substitution Rate (if any) is agreed pursuant to a future 
exercise of the Switch Option in accordance with the foregoing provisions. 
Once submitted, a Switch Option may not be revoked unless agreed by the Calculation Agent, 
each Counterparty and the Issuer and, in the event that an Early Redemption Event or Event of

--- Page 104 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
95 
 
 
Default occurs during any relevant Interest Period, any such notices will be deemed null and 
void and the Switch Option will be deemed not to have been exercised. 
The Calculation Agent will as soon as reasonably practicable but in no event later than the first 
day of the first Interest Period in respect of which the Substitution Rate is to apply notify 
Euronext Dublin, the Wiener Börse AG or any other stock exchange or exchanges and/or 
quotation system or systems (as applicable) of any new Substitution Rate and the Substitution 
Rate Applicable Transaction Terms which will apply to the Notes resulting from an exercise of 
the Switch Option and the Issuer will publish, or procure publication, of any notices in 
accordance with applicable stock exchange rules, enter into any additional agreement which 
may be necessary in connection with or to effect such Substitution Rate and as soon as 
reasonably practicable but in no event later than the first day of the first Interest Period in respect 
of which the Substitution Rate is to apply notify the Noteholders thereof (provided that, in each 
case, a failure to provide any such notification shall not invalidate the exercise of the Switch 
Option). 
A Noteholder may not transfer any Note once it has delivered a Switch Option Notice to the 
Calculation Agent until (i) the date of publication of the notice to Euronext Dublin, the Wiener 
Börse AG or any other stock exchange or exchanges and/or quotation system or systems (as 
applicable) of the new Substitution Rate or (ii) if following the exercise of the Switch Option a 
new Substitution Rate has not been agreed pursuant to the foregoing procedures, the first day 
of the Interest Period next following the Interest Period during which the Switch Option has 
been exercised. 
The Calculation Agent shall require satisfactory evidence as to the identity of each Noteholder 
and the principal amount of Notes held by such Noteholder which shall include but need not be 
limited to (i) the full name and address of the Noteholder, (ii) the account number for the 
securities account in which its Notes are held and evidence that such securities account is that 
of such Noteholder and (iii) the aggregate principal amount of the Notes credited to such 
securities account on the date of such statement. The Calculation Agent may obtain such 
evidence via or outside of the Clearing System. The Calculation Agent may disregard any such 
notification if, in its absolute discretion, it determines that the notifying party has not provided 
evidence sufficient to corroborate that party’s holding of Notes. 
(p) 
Benchmark Provisions 
This Condition 6(p) is applicable only if the Applicable Transaction Terms specify the Notes as Floating 
Rate Notes and/or Index/Formula-Linked Notes. 
(i) 
If an Index Cessation Event occurs and the Relevant Rate Benchmark is a Priority Fallback 
Benchmark, the related Priority Fallback shall apply. If the Priority Fallback does not produce 
an outcome then the Interest Rate applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the paragraph below. 
Subject to the above paragraph, if a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs, the Calculation Agent 
shall elect to take one of the actions described in sub-paragraphs (A), (B) and (C) below, or to 
the extent that the Calculation Agent does not consider it commercially reasonable or possible 
to apply any one of those options or any of the outcomes produced from those options, the 
Calculation Agent may elect to apply the option in sub-paragraph (D) below, in each case with 
the applied option taking effect from the Business Day following the Cut-Off Date: 
(A) 
if an Impacted Index and an Alternative Pre-nominated Index have been specified in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms (I) the Relevant Rate Benchmark will be replaced 
with the Alternative Pre-nominated Index, (II) the Calculation Agent shall apply the 
Adjustment Spread to the Alternative Pre-nominated Index and (II) the Calculation 
Agent may, after taking into account any Adjustment Spread, make such other 
adjustments to any of the Conditions as are necessary to account for the effect on the 
Notes of referencing the Alternative Pre-nominated Index (including, but not limited 
to, any Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest

--- Page 105 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
96 
 
 
Determination Date, Interest Amount, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period and Rate 
of Interest) which the Calculation Agent determines are necessary or appropriate in 
order to account for the effect of the replacement of the Relevant Rate Benchmark with 
the Alternative Pre-nominated Index (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread) and/or to 
preserve as closely as practicable the economic equivalence of the Notes before and 
after the replacement of the Relevant Rate Benchmark with the Alternative 
Pre-nominated Index (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread). 
(B) 
if there is an Alternative Post-nominated Index (I) the Relevant Rate Benchmark will 
be replaced with the Alternative Post-nominated Index, (II) the Calculation Agent shall 
apply the Adjustment Spread to the Alternative Post-nominated Index and (III) the 
Calculation Agent may, after taking into account any Adjustment Spread, make such 
other adjustments to any of the Conditions as are necessary to account for the effect on 
the Notes of referencing the Alternative Post-nominated Index (including, but not 
limited to, any Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest 
Determination Date, Interest Amount, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period and Rate 
of Interest) which the Calculation Agent determines are necessary or appropriate in 
order to account for the effect of the replacement of the Relevant Rate Benchmark with 
the Alternative Post-nominated Index (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread) and/or to 
preserve as closely as practicable the economic equivalence of the Notes before and 
after the replacement of the Relevant Rate Benchmark with the Alternative 
Post-nominated Index (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread). Notwithstanding the 
above, if, in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark, more than one Relevant 
Nominating Body formally designates, nominates or recommends (x) an Alternative 
Post-nominated Index or (y) in respect of the same Alternative Post-nominated Index, 
a spread or methodology for calculating a spread in relation to the replacement of the 
Relevant Rate Benchmark with that Alternative Post-nominated Index, in each case by 
Close of Business on the Cut-off Date, and those designations, nominations or 
recommendations are not the same, then the Calculation Agent cannot elect to apply 
the option described in this Condition 6(p)(i)(B). 
(C) 
If there is a Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index (I) the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark will be replaced with the Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement 
Index, (II) the Calculation Agent shall apply the Adjustment Spread to the Calculation 
Agent Nominated Replacement Index and (II) the Calculation Agent may, after taking 
into account any Adjustment Spread, make such other adjustments to any of the 
Conditions as are necessary to account for the effect on the Notes of referencing the 
Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index (including, but not limited to, any 
Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination 
Date, Interest Amount, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period and Rate of Interest) 
which the Calculation Agent determines are necessary or appropriate in order to 
account for the effect of the replacement of the Relevant Rate Benchmark with the 
Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index (as adjusted by the Adjustment 
Spread) and/or to preserve as closely as practicable the economic equivalence of the 
Notes before and after the replacement of the Relevant Rate Benchmark with the 
Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index (as adjusted by the Adjustment 
Spread). 
(D) 
Upon giving notice to the Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 15 (Notices), the Issuer shall redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each 
Note being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to a pro rata amount of the 
Liquidation Amount which shall be applied as specified in Condition 4(d) (Application 
of Proceeds). 
(ii) 
If an Index Cessation Event occurs the “Cut-off Date” will be the later of (A) 15 Business Days 
following the day on which the public statement is made or the information is published (in 
each case, as referred to in the definition of “Index Cessation Event”) and (B) the first day on 
which the Relevant Rate Benchmark is no longer available, provided that, if more than one

--- Page 106 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
97 
 
 
Relevant Nominating Body formally designates, nominates or recommends an Alternative 
Post-nominated Index or a spread or methodology for calculating a spread in accordance with 
Condition 6(p)(i)(B) and one or more of those Relevant Nominating Bodies does so on or after 
the day that is three Business Days before such date, then the Cut-off Date will instead be the 
second Business Day following the date that, but for this proviso, would have been the Cut-off 
Date. 
(iii) 
If an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the “Cut-off Date” will be the later of 
(A) 15 Business Days following the day on which the notice contemplated in the definition of 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” is effective, and (B) the Administrator/Benchmark Event 
Date, provided that, if more than one Relevant Nominating Body formally designates, 
nominates or recommends an Alternative Post-nominated Index or a spread or methodology for 
calculating a spread in accordance with Condition 6(p)(i)(B) and one or more of those Relevant 
Nominating Bodies does so on or after the day that is three Business Days before such date, 
then the Cut-off Date will instead be the second Business Day following the date that, but for 
this proviso, would have been the Cut-off Date. 
(iv) 
If a Risk-Free Rate Event occurs, the “Cut-off Date” will be the later of (A) 15 London Business 
Days following the day on which the Calculation Agent determines that a Risk-Free Rate Event 
has occurred, and (B) Risk-Free Rate Event Date, provided that, if more than one Relevant 
Nominating Body formally designates, nominates or recommends an Alternative 
Post-nominated Index or a spread or methodology for calculating a spread in accordance with 
Condition 6(p)(i)(B) and one or more of those Relevant Nominating Bodies does so on or after 
the day that is three Business Days before such date, then the Cut-off Date will instead be the 
second Business Day following the date that, but for this proviso, would have been the Cut-off 
Date. 
(v) 
If a Representative Statement Event occurs, the “Cut-off Date” will be the later of (A) 15 
London Business Days following the day on which the Calculation Agent determines that a 
Representative Statement Event has occurred, and (B) the Representative Statement Event 
Date, provided that, if more than one Relevant Nominating Body formally designates, 
nominates or recommends an Alternative Post-nominated Index or a spread or methodology for 
calculating a spread in accordance with Condition 6(p)(i)(B) and one or more of those Relevant 
Nominating Bodies does so on or after the day that is three Business Days before such date, 
then the Cut-off Date will instead be the second Business Day following the date that, but for 
this proviso, would have been the Cut-off Date. 
(vi) 
If a Material Change Event occurs, the “Cut-off Date” will be the later of (A) 15 London 
Business Days following the day on which the Calculation Agent determines that a Material 
Change Event has occurred, and (B) the Material Change Event Date, provided that, if more 
than one Relevant Nominating Body formally designates, nominates or recommends an 
Alternative Post-nominated Index or a spread or methodology for calculating a spread in 
accordance with Condition 6(p)(i)(B) and one or more of those Relevant Nominating Bodies 
does so on or after the day that is three Business Days before such date, then the Cut-off Date 
will instead be the second Business Day following the date that, but for this proviso, would 
have been the Cut-off Date. 
(vii) 
If, following a Benchmark Trigger Event, the Relevant Rate Benchmark is required for any 
determination in respect of any Series of Notes and, at that time, the Calculation Agent has not 
elected to take one of the actions in Condition 6(p), then, for the purposes of that determination, 
the following interim measures (the “Interim Measures”) should apply: 
(A) 
if: 
(1) 
in relation to an Index Cessation Event, the Relevant Rate Benchmark is still 
available and representative; or 
(2) 
in relation to an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Administrator/ 
Benchmark Event Date has not yet occurred; or

--- Page 107 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
98 
 
 
(3) 
in relation to a Risk-Free Rate Event, the Risk-Free Rate Event Date has not 
yet occurred; or 
(4) 
in relation to a Representative Statement Event, the Representative Statement 
Event Date has not yet occurred; or 
(5) 
in relation to a Material Change Event, the Material Change Event Date has 
not yet occurred, 
the level of the Relevant Rate Benchmark shall be determined pursuant to the terms 
that would apply to the determination of the Relevant Rate Benchmark as if no 
Benchmark Trigger Event had occurred; 
(B) 
if a level for the Relevant Rate Benchmark cannot be determined under 
sub-paragraph (A) above, as applicable, the level of the Relevant Rate Benchmark shall 
be determined by reference to the rate published in respect of the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark at the time at which the Relevant Rate Benchmark is ordinarily determined 
on (I) the day on which the Relevant Rate Benchmark ceased to be available or 
representative or (II) the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date or (III) the Risk-Free 
Rate Event Date (in relation to a Risk-Free Rate Event) or (IV) the Representative 
Statement Event Date (in relation to a Representative Statement Event) or (V) the 
Material Change Event Date (in relation to a Material Change Event) or (VI) if no rate 
is published at that time or is non-representative or that rate cannot be used in 
accordance with applicable law or regulation, by reference to the rate published at that 
time on the last day on which the rate was published or can be used in accordance with 
applicable law or regulation, as applicable. 
(viii) 
If, in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark: 
(A) 
(I) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or give rise to an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event also constitutes an Index Cessation Event or (II) an 
Index Cessation Event and an Administrator/Benchmark Event would otherwise be 
continuing at the same time, it will, in either case, constitute an Index Cessation Event 
and will not constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event, provided 
that, if the date that would otherwise have been the Administrator/Benchmark Event 
Date would have occurred before the Relevant Rate Benchmark is no longer available 
or becomes non-representative, Condition 6(p)(vii) shall apply as if an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event had occurred. 
(B) 
(I) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or give rise to a Risk-
Free Rate Event also constitutes an Index Cessation Event or (II) an Index Cessation 
Event and a Risk-Free Rate Event would otherwise be continuing at the same time, it 
will in either case constitute an Index Cessation Event and will not constitute or give 
rise to a Risk-Free Rate Event provided that, if the date that would otherwise have been 
the Risk-Free Rate Event Date would have occurred before the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark is no longer available or becomes non-representative, Condition 6(p)(vii) 
shall apply as if a Risk-Free Rate Event had occurred. 
(C) 
(I) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or give rise to a 
Representative Statement Event also constitutes an Index Cessation Event or (II) an 
Index Cessation Event and a Representative Statement Event would otherwise be 
continuing at the same time, it will in either case constitute an Index Cessation Event 
and will not constitute or give rise to a Representative Statement Event provided that, 
if the date that would otherwise have been the Representative Statement Event Date 
would have occurred before the Relevant Rate Benchmark is no longer available or 
becomes non-representative, Condition 6(p)(vii) shall apply as if a Representative 
Statement Event had occurred.

--- Page 108 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
99 
 
 
(D) 
(I) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or give rise to a Material 
Change Event also constitutes an Index Cessation Event or (II) an Index Cessation 
Event and a Material Change Event would otherwise be continuing at the same time, it 
will in either case constitute an Index Cessation Event and will not constitute or give 
rise to a Material Change Event provided that, if the date that would otherwise have 
been the Material Change Event Date would have occurred before the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark is no longer available or becomes non-representative, Condition 6(p)(vii) 
shall apply as if a Material Change Event had occurred. 
(ix) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(p), the Adjustment Spread shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, provided that, in relation to an Alternative Post-nominated Index, if a spread 
or methodology for calculating a spread has been formally designated, nominated or 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body in relation to the replacement of the Relevant 
Rate Benchmark with the Alternative Post-nominated Index, then that spread shall apply or that 
methodology shall be used to determine the Adjustment Spread, as applicable. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent may determine an Adjustment Spread pursuant to 
this Condition 6(p) more than once during the term of any Series of Notes. 
(x) 
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act, make a determination or to exercise 
judgement in any way under this Condition 6(p), it will do so in good faith, in a commercially 
reasonable manner and by reference to any Relevant Market Data. 
(xi) 
If, in respect of the Notes: 
(A) 
it is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or regulation to 
determine the Relevant Rate Benchmark in accordance with any applicable fallback (or 
it would be unlawful were a determination to be made at such time); 
(B) 
it would contravene any applicable licensing requirements to determine the Relevant 
Rate Benchmark in accordance with any applicable fallback (or it would contravene 
those licensing requirements were a determination to be made at such time); or 
(C) 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Adjustment Spread is or would be a 
benchmark, index or other price source whose production, publication, methodology 
or governance would subject the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to material additional 
regulatory obligations, 
then the Relevant Rate Benchmark shall be determined in accordance with the next applicable 
fallback as elected by Calculation Agent (applied in accordance with its terms) provided that, 
in respect of sub-paragraph (A) and (B) above, the next applicable fallback as elected by 
Calculation Agent shall be the first applicable fallback that complies with the applicable law, 
regulation or licensing requirements. 
(xii) 
Following a Benchmark Trigger Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Trigger Event, giving details thereof and the action that the Calculation Agent 
propose to take in relation thereto in accordance with this Condition 6(p). 
(q) 
Occurrence of an Underlying Asset Disruption Event 
(i) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Asset Disruption Event has occurred in 
respect of a Series of Notes or other Obligations, it shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
deliver a notice to the Issuer (copied to the Principal Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Swap 
Counterparty, the Repurchase Counterparty and/or the Securities Lending Counterparty (as 
applicable)), setting out a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that an Underlying Asset Disruption Event has occurred and: 
(A) 
confirming that no amendments will be made to the Notes or other Obligations as a 
result of such Underlying Asset Disruption Event (an “Underlying Asset Disruption 
Event No Action Notice”); or

--- Page 109 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
100 
 
 
(B) 
specifying that amendments will be made to the Conditions, the Swap Agreement, the 
Repurchase Agreement and the Securities Lending Agreement (the “Underlying Asset 
Disruption Event Amendments”) and setting out a description in reasonable detail of 
such amendments (an “Underlying Asset Disruption Event Amendment Notice”); 
or 
(C) 
specifying that the Notes or other Obligations will be redeemed (an “Underlying Asset 
Disruption Event Redemption Notice”). 
(ii) 
If the Issuer receives an Underlying Asset Disruption Event Amendment Notice from the 
Calculation Agent, it shall, without the consent of the Noteholders or holders of Obligations, 
promptly make the Underlying Asset Disruption Event Amendments, provided that: 
(A) 
no Early Redemption Event Trigger Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred in 
respect of the Notes or other Obligations; 
(B) 
the purpose of the Underlying Asset Disruption Event Amendments is to account for 
any Underlying Asset Disruption Event Losses/Gains incurred by the Swap 
Counterparty, the Repurchase Counterparty and/or the Securities Lending 
Counterparty; and 
(C) 
the Calculation Agent certifies in writing (such certificate, an “Underlying Asset 
Disruption Event Amendments Certificate”) to the Trustee that the purpose of the 
Underlying Asset Disruption Event Amendments is solely as set out in paragraph (B) 
above.  
The Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and without liability to any person for so doing, 
on an Underlying Asset Disruption Event Amendments Certificate. Upon receipt of an 
Underlying Asset Disruption Event Amendments Certificate, the Trustee shall agree to the 
Underlying Asset Disruption Event Amendments without seeking the consent of the 
Noteholders or holders of Obligations or any other party and concur with the Issuer (at the 
Issuer’s expense) in effecting the Underlying Asset Disruption Event Amendments (including, 
inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), provided 
that the Trustee shall not be required to agree to the Underlying Asset Disruption Event 
Amendments if, in the opinion of the Trustee (acting reasonably), the Underlying Asset 
Disruption Event Amendments would (x) expose the Trustee to any liability against which it 
has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (y) impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties or responsibilities or 
reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the Conditions or any 
Transaction Document of any Series. 
(iii) 
The Issuer shall, promptly following making the Underlying Asset Disruption Event 
Amendments, deliver a notice containing the details of the Underlying Asset Disruption Event 
Amendments to the Noteholders or holders of Obligations in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices). 
(iv) 
Neither the Calculation Agent nor the Trustee shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any Underlying Asset Disruption Event has occurred. The Calculation 
Agent shall not have any liability for giving or not giving any notice in respect of an Underlying 
Asset Disruption Event.  
(v) 
Any Underlying Asset Disruption Event Amendments will be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, 
the Custodian, the Agents, the Noteholders, the holders of Obligations and any other Secured 
Creditors. 
(vi) 
For the avoidance of doubt, if, for a Series, any Underlying Asset Disruption Event 
Losses/Gains are: 
(A) 
a negative amount, such Underlying Asset Disruption Event Losses/Gains may be 
accounted for by reducing the interest amount and/or principal amount payable (in each

--- Page 110 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
101 
 
 
case subject to a minimum of zero) pursuant to the Notes or other Obligations for the 
Series; or 
(B) 
a positive amount, such Underlying Asset Disruption Event Losses/Gains may be 
accounted for by increasing the interest amount and/or principal amount payable 
pursuant to the Notes or other Obligations for the Series. 
“Underlying Asset Disruption Event” means, for a Series, any Underlying Assets Reference 
Rate is adjusted or replaced following the occurrence of an event in respect of such Underlying 
Assets Reference Rate, whether in accordance with the terms of the Underlying Asset or 
otherwise, the definition or description of which event either: 
(A) 
includes a reference to concepts defined or otherwise described as an “index cessation 
event”, an “administrator/benchmark event” or a “representative statement event” (in 
each case regardless of the contents of that definition or description); or 
(B) 
is analogous or substantially similar to the definitions of “Index Cessation Event”, 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event”, “Risk-Free Rate Event”, “Representative 
Statement Event” and/or “Material Change Event”. 
“Underlying Asset Disruption Event Losses/Gains” means an amount, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, equal to (without duplication): 
(A) 
an amount equal to: 
(1) 
the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Underlying Asset obligor pursuant to 
the terms of the Underlying Asset following the occurrence of an Underlying 
Asset Disruption Event and the application of any relevant fallbacks; minus 
(2) 
the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Underlying Asset obligor pursuant to 
the terms of the Underlying Asset on the Underlying Asset Obligor Reference 
Date; minus 
(B) 
an amount equal to: 
(1) 
the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Swap Counterparty, the Repurchase 
Counterparty and/or the Securities Lending Counterparty pursuant to the terms 
of any transactions in place to hedge the Swap Counterparty’s obligations 
under the swap transactions under the Swap Agreement and/or the Repurchase 
Counterparty’s obligations under the repurchase transactions under the 
Repurchase Agreement and/or the Securities Lending Counterparty’s 
obligations under the securities lending transactions under the Securities 
Lending Agreement (as applicable) following the occurrence of an Underlying 
Asset Disruption Event and the application of any relevant fallbacks; minus 
(2) 
the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Swap Counterparty, the Repurchase 
Counterparty and/or the Securities Lending Counterparty pursuant to the terms 
of such hedge transactions on the date immediately preceding the date on which 
the Underlying Asset Disruption Event occurred; minus 
(C) 
any losses, expenses and costs that have been or that will be incurred by the Swap 
Counterparty, the Repurchase Counterparty and/or the Securities Lending 
Counterparty as a result of entering into, maintaining and/or unwinding any 
transactions to hedge the Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the swap transactions 
under the Swap Agreement and/or the Repurchase Counterparty’s obligations under 
the repurchase transactions under the Repurchase Agreement and/or the Securities 
Lending Counterparty’s obligations under the securities lending transactions under the 
Securities Lending Agreement (as applicable), in each case to remove any difference 
between the cash flows under the Underlying Asset and such hedge transactions which 
have resulted following the occurrence of an Underlying Asset Disruption Event.

--- Page 111 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
102 
 
 
(r) 
Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or holders of Obligations, agree with the Swap 
Counterparty to amend the Swap Agreement, with the Repurchase Counterparty to amend the 
Repurchase Agreement and with the Securities Lending Counterparty to amend the Securities Lending 
Agreement (such amendments, the “Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments”), provided that: 
(i) 
the purpose and effect of the Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments are to: 
(A) 
ensure that the Issuer’s payment obligations thereunder match any amounts receivable 
by the Issuer under the Underlying Assets, including (but not limited to) following the 
addition of Further Underlying Assets in respect of further Notes issued pursuant to 
Condition 1(c) (Fungible Tranches of Notes comprising a Series) or the substitution of 
the Underlying Assets pursuant to Condition 4(e) (Substitution of Underlying Assets); 
or 
(B) 
ensure that the Swap Counterparty’s, the Repurchase Counterparty’s or the Securities 
Lending Counterparty’s (as the case may be) payment obligations thereunder match 
any amounts payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes or other Obligations, 
including (but not limited to) following (I) the making of any amendment in respect of 
the Notes pursuant to Condition 6(p) (Benchmark Provisions), (II) the making of any 
Underlying Asset Disruption Event Amendments in respect of the Notes or other 
Obligations pursuant to Condition 6(q) (Occurrence of an Underlying Asset Disruption 
Event), (III) the issue of further Notes pursuant to Condition 1(c) (Fungible Tranches 
of Notes comprising a Series), or (IV) the substitution of the Underlying Assets 
pursuant to Condition 4(e) (Substitution of Underlying Assets); 
(ii) 
the Issuer certifies in writing (such certificate, a “Swap/Repo/Securities Lending 
Amendments Certificate”) to the Trustee that the purpose of the Swap/Repo/Securities 
Lending Amendments is solely as set out in paragraphs (i)(A) to (i)(B) above. 
The Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and without liability to any person for so doing, on a 
Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments Certificate. Upon receipt of a Swap/Repo/Securities 
Lending Amendments Certificate, the Trustee shall agree to the Swap/Repo/Securities Lending 
Amendments without seeking the consent of the Noteholders or holders of other Obligations or any 
other party and concur with the Issuer (at the Issuer’s expense) in effecting the Swap/Repo/Securities 
Lending Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending 
the Trust Deed), provided that the Trustee shall not be required to agree to the Swap/Repo/Securities 
Lending Amendments if, in the opinion of the Trustee (acting reasonably), the Swap/Repo/Securities 
Lending Amendments would (A) expose the Trustee to any liability against which it has not been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (B) impose more onerous obligations 
upon it or expose it to any additional duties or responsibilities or reduce or amend the protective 
provisions afforded to the Trustee in the Conditions or any Transaction Document of any Series. 
(s) 
FATCA Amendments 
Each Noteholder or holder of Obligations and beneficial owner of the Notes or other Obligations further 
agrees and consents that, in respect of applicable Information Reporting Regimes, the Issuer may (i) 
comply with the terms of any intergovernmental agreement between the U.S. and another jurisdiction 
with respect to FATCA or any legislation implementing such an intergovernmental agreement, (ii) enter 
into an agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or (iii) comply with other legislation or 
agreements under an applicable Information Reporting Regime, in each case, in such form as may be 
required to avoid the imposition of withholding on payments made to the Issuer, or fines or penalties 
that would be suffered by the Issuer, under an applicable Information Reporting Regime. 
In connection therewith, the Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or holders of other 
Obligations or any beneficial owner of the Notes or other Obligations, make such amendments to the 
Conditions and/or the Transaction Documents as it determines necessary to enable the Issuer to enter

--- Page 112 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
103 
 
 
into, or comply with the terms of, any such agreement or legislation (such amendments, the “FATCA 
Amendments”), provided that: 
(A) 
the FATCA Amendments are agreed to by each party to the affected Transaction Documents 
(in each case, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and the Trustee;  
(B) 
the Issuer certifies in writing (such certificate, a “FATCA Amendments Certificate”) to the 
Trustee and each party to the affected Transaction Documents that the FATCA Amendments 
are necessary to avoid the imposition of withholding on payments made to the Issuer, or fines 
or penalties that would be suffered by the Issuer, under an applicable Information Reporting 
Regime.  
 
The Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and without liability to any person for so doing, on a 
FATCA Amendments Certificate. Upon receipt of a FATCA Amendments Certificate, the Trustee shall 
agree to the FATCA Amendments without seeking the consent of the Noteholders or holders of 
Obligations or any other party and concur with the Issuer (at the Issuer’s expense) in effecting the 
FATCA Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending 
the Trust Deed), provided that the Trustee shall not be required to agree to the FATCA Amendments if, 
in the opinion of the Trustee (acting reasonably), the FATCA Amendments would (x) expose the 
Trustee to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to 
its satisfaction or (y) impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties or 
responsibilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the Conditions 
or any Transaction Document of any Series. 
7. 
Redemption, Purchase and Exchange 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled as provided below or, unless such Note is 
stated in the Applicable Transaction Terms as having no fixed maturity date each Note will be redeemed 
either by (i) Cash Settlement at its Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 19 (Definitions 
Conditions)) and/or (ii) Physical Settlement in accordance with Condition 7(l) (Physical Settlement), 
on the date or dates (or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, on the date or dates upon which interest is 
payable) specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(b) 
Early Redemption 
(i) 
Underlying Disposal Event 
If any of the following events (each an “Underlying Disposal Event”) occurs: 
(A) 
in respect of the Underlying Assets, (i) there has been a payment default on the due 
date therefor (without taking into account any applicable grace period, unless the 
Applicable Transaction Terms specify otherwise), (ii) there has been a payment default 
on the due date thereof, which causes or would cause the Issuer to be unable to make 
payment of any amount due on the Notes, Coupons, Receipts or any Related Agreement 
when the same shall be due, (iii) there has been a default, event of default or other 
similar condition (however described) in respect of the underlying obligor, in each case 
pursuant to the offering document or other document or other document incorporating 
the terms and conditions of such Underlying Asset on the issue date thereof, without 
taking into account any subsequent modification thereof; (iv) they fail to be registered 
or are expropriated, confiscated or seized by any person or any hedging transaction 
entered into by the Counterparty in connection with the Notes is invalidated or 
repudiated by any person including a registrar, (v) the security in respect thereof fails 
or ceases to be effective or is disavowed, disclaimed or repudiated, (vi) any 
governmental action is taken, whether currently existing or arising in the future, that 
legally or de facto has the effect of adversely affecting the lawfulness, legality or 
enforceability of all or any part of the Notes or the Underlying Assets or the Related 
Agreement, or restricts or cancels the right to hold the Underlying Assets or make 
payment of any amounts received on the Underlying Assets, (vii) the Calculation Agent

--- Page 113 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
104 
 
 
acting in its sole and absolute discretion, determines that the issuer of the Underlying 
Assets has unilaterally amended any material term of the Underlying Assets (including 
but not limited to the rate of interest payable on the Underlying Assets), or (viii) all or 
portion of the interest or the redemption amount due under the Underlying Asset is 
reduced, postponed or cancelled, and/or there is a conversion of all, or a portion, of the 
principal amount of, or interest on, the Underlying Asset into shares or other securities 
or other obligations of the issuer of the Underlying Asset or another person, including 
by means of a variation to the terms thereof or any expropriation thereof (including to 
give effect to the exercise by any relevant resolution authority of a bail-in power); or 
(B) 
(other than as contemplated in Conditions 7(c) (Purchase), 7(f) (Redemption following 
Optional Issuer Call), 7(g) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of 
Noteholder’s Options) and 7(k) (Exchange of Series)), any Related Agreement is 
terminated in whole (as more fully set out in the Applicable Transaction Terms) and is 
not replaced on or prior to such termination to the satisfaction, and with the prior written 
approval, of the Trustee; or 
(C) 
unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms and subject to 
Condition 14(c) (Substitution), 
(x) 
the Issuer on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the Notes 
would be required by law to withhold or account for tax; or 
(y) 
the Issuer would suffer tax in respect of its income in respect of the Underlying 
Assets or payments made to it under a Related Agreement, or would receive 
net of any tax any payments in respect of the Underlying Assets or payments 
made to it under a Related Agreement, so that it would be unable to make 
payment of any amount due on the Notes, the Coupon or Receipts (if any), (and 
excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, Irish corporation tax and Irish VAT that 
were anticipated in relation thereto); or 
(z) 
any exchange controls, redenomination or other currency exchange or transfer 
restrictions or tax are imposed on the Issuer or any payments to be made to or 
by the Issuer or for any reason the cost to the Issuer of complying with its 
obligations under or in connection with the Trust Deed or meeting its operating 
or administrative expenses would (in the sole opinion of the Issuer) be 
materially increased, the Trustee having required the Issuer to use its best 
endeavours to procure the substitution of a company incorporated in another 
jurisdiction (in which jurisdiction the relevant tax, exchange control, 
redenomination, or currency exchange or transfer restrictions does not apply) 
approved in writing by the Trustee as the principal obligor in respect of the 
Notes, or the establishment of a branch office in another jurisdiction (in which 
jurisdiction the relevant tax, exchange control, redenomination or currency 
exchange or transfer restrictions does not apply) approved in writing by the 
Trustee (in each case subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions as more 
fully specified in the Trust Deed) from which it may continue to carry out its 
functions under the Notes and the Related Agreement(s), and the Issuer, having 
used its best endeavours is unable to arrange such substitution before the next 
payment is due in respect of the Notes of the relevant Series; or 
(D) 
if specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the occurrence of a Mark-to-Market 
Trigger Event, 
on first becoming aware of the occurrence of any Underlying Disposal Event, the Issuer or the 
relevant Counterparty shall give notice thereof to the Issuer (if the relevant Counterparty), the 
relevant Counterparty (if the Issuer), the Custodian and the Trustee. Subject to the provisions 
of the Applicable Transaction Terms providing for redemption by Physical Settlement, the 
Disposal Agent shall, acting as the agent of the Issuer and subject to receipt of instructions from 
the Issuer in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency

--- Page 114 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
105 
 
 
Agreement, proceed to arrange for and administer the sale of the Underlying Assets relating to 
such Series on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms and upon receipt of the sale proceeds thereof the Issuer shall give not more than 30 nor 
less than 15 days’ notice (or such other number of days as may be provided in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms or agreed by the Trustee) to the Secured Creditors (which notice 
shall be irrevocable) of the date on which the Liquidation Amount shall be applied as specified 
in Condition 4(d) (Application of Proceeds). 
Prior to giving any notice of redemption in respect of the circumstance set out in 
Condition 7(b)(i)(C) above, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by an 
authorised signatory of the Issuer demonstrating that the conditions precedent to the obligations 
of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and, in the case of a redemption of Notes under 
Condition 7(b)(i)(C)(x) or Condition 7(b)(i)(C)(y) an opinion (in form and substance 
satisfactory to the Trustee) of legal advisers of recognised standing to the Issuer (previously 
approved by the Trustee) in the relevant jurisdiction to the effect that the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to withhold, account for or suffer such tax.  The Trustee may rely on the 
aforementioned Note and/or opinion without further enquiry. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any of the taxes referred to in Condition 7(b)(i)(C)(x) arises: 
(a) 
owing to the connection of any Noteholder, or any third party having a beneficial 
interest in the Notes, Coupon or Receipt, with the place of incorporation or tax 
jurisdiction of the Issuer otherwise than by reason only of the holding of any Note, 
Coupon or Receipt or receiving principal, Redemption Amount, Amortised Face 
Amount, interest or Interest Amount in respect thereof; or 
(b) 
by reason of the failure by the relevant Noteholder to comply with any applicable 
procedures required to establish non-residence or other similar claim for exemption 
from such tax, 
then to the extent it is able to do so, the Issuer shall deduct such taxes from the amounts payable 
to such Noteholder or any third party having a beneficial interest in the Notes, Coupon or 
Receipt, and shall not redeem the relevant Notes of the relevant Series but this shall not affect 
the rights of the other Noteholders and Couponholders hereunder.  Any such deduction shall 
not constitute an Event of Default under Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
For the purposes of Condition 7(b)(i)(D) above: 
A “Mark-to-Market Trigger Event” shall occur if on any Business Day the Market Trigger 
Condition, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in its sole discretion, has been 
satisfied and the Calculation Agent has notified the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying 
Agent and each Counterparty via email of such occurrence and such event shall be deemed to 
constitute an Early Redemption Event. 
A “Mark-to- Market Trigger Condition” shall be satisfied on any Business Day when the 
difference between (i) the market value of the Underlying Asset as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in its sole discretion and (ii) the net market value of the Related 
Agreement(s) as of such date (assuming in the case of a Swap Agreement that an Early 
Termination Date had been designated as of such date in respect of which the Issuer is the sole 
Affected Party (each as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement)) as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in its sole discretion, falls below the Mark-to-Market Trigger 
Percentage. 
A “Mark-to-Market Trigger Percentage” means a percentage of the aggregate notional 
amount of the Related Agreement(s). 
(ii) 
Early Redemption of Underlying Assets 
If Underlying Assets are redeemed pursuant to an early redemption of such Underlying Assets 
(an “Underlying Early Redemption”) prior to their stated date of maturity (other than by

--- Page 115 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
106 
 
 
reason of payment default (as referred to in Condition 7(b)(i)(A) or as contemplated in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms) and as a result of such early redemption the Issuer’s income 
would be reduced so that it would be unable to make payment of any amount due on the Notes, 
Coupons or Receipts, then the Issuer shall forthwith give not more than 30 nor less than 15 days’ 
notice (or such other number of days as may be provided in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
or agreed by the Trustee) to the Trustee and the Secured Creditors of the date on which the 
Liquidation Amount shall be applied as specified in Condition 4(d) (Application of Proceeds). 
(iii) 
Credit Event 
If the Applicable Transaction Terms so provides, if there has been, in the opinion of the 
Determination Agent (as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms), a Credit Event (as 
specified and defined in the Applicable Transaction Terms), the Determination Agent shall give 
written notice thereof to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agent(s) and the relevant 
Counterparty.  No further payment should be made in respect of the Notes (other than as 
provided in this Condition 7(b)(iii)). The Applicable Transaction Terms shall specify the basis 
for calculation of the amount (the “Credit Event Redemption Amount”) payable upon 
redemption of the Notes in accordance with this Condition 7(b)(iii) which shall be determined 
by the Determination Agent.  The Issuer shall give not more than 30 nor less than 15 days’ 
notice (or such other number of days as may be provided in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
or agreed by the Trustee) to the Secured Creditors (which notice shall be irrevocable) of the 
date on which payment of the Credit Event Redemption Amount will be made to the 
Noteholders or delivery will be made to the Noteholders of the Reference Obligations (as 
defined in the Applicable Transaction Terms) pursuant to Condition 7(l) (Physical Settlement), 
as the case may be.  The Applicable Transaction Terms will also specify all other additional 
terms and conditions which will apply in relation to such Credit Event. 
(iv) 
Regulatory Event 
If one or more of the following events (each, a “Regulatory Event”) occurs: 
(A) 
the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law or regulation after the Issue Date, 
or promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any Authority of any 
applicable law or regulation, or any practice relating thereto after the Issue Date, and 
with applicable law or regulation for this purpose meaning any similar, related or 
analogous law, regulation or rule to those in the DFA, the CEA, FATCA, AIFMD, 
EMIR or MiFID 2 or any law or regulation that imposes a financial transaction tax or 
other similar tax or obligation which has, or may have, a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer or the Regulatory Event Counterparty as a result of, or in connection with, the 
issuance of the Notes or in connection with the Charged Assets; 
(B) 
any regulation or rule under Dodd-Frank, the CEA, FATCA, AIFMD, EMIR or MiFID 
2 or under any law or regulation that imposes a financial transaction tax or other similar 
tax or obligation which, in each case, was either not in force as at the Issue Date or was 
in force at the Issue Date but the manner of its application was not known or unclear at 
the Issue Date is implemented, promulgated or otherwise made known, and such 
implementation, promulgation or application has, or may have, a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer or the Regulatory Event Counterparty as a result of, or in connection 
with, the issuance of the Notes or in connection with the Charged Assets; 
(C) 
the Issuer or the Regulatory Event Counterparty is required to be regulated by any 
additional or alternative regulatory authority or in compliance with any additional laws 
which has, or may have, a material adverse effect on the Issuer or the Regulatory Event 
Counterparty or as a result of, or in connection with, the issuance of the Notes or in 
connection with the Charged Assets, whether or not such determination was caused by 
a change in the law, the promulgation of regulations thereunder, the interpretation of 
such laws and regulations by any relevant Authority, any practice related thereto or 
otherwise; and whether or not such laws, regulations or practice were known or unclear 
at the Issue Date;

--- Page 116 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
107 
 
 
(D) 
the Issuer is required to clear any derivatives transaction entered into connection with 
the Notes with a central clearing counterparty; 
(E) 
the Issuer or the Regulatory Event Counterparty would be an “AIFM” or an “AIF” for 
the purposes of AIFMD (or any similar law enacted in the UK) by virtue (wholly or 
partially) of its involvement with the Notes or any Credit Support Document; 
(F) 
the Issuer or the Regulatory Event Counterparty is, as a result of, or in connection with, 
the issuance of the Notes or in connection with the Charged Assets: 
(1) 
subject to materially increased capital charges, however defined, above those 
capital charges (if any) that prevailed as at the Issue Date; or 
(2) 
required to provide collateral or any form of initial or variation margin to the 
other in addition to that (if any) contemplated on the Issue Date; and/or 
(G) 
an additional Regulatory Event, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
in each case, as determined by the Regulatory Event Counterparty (as set out in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms), provided that the Regulatory Event shall only be deemed to have occurred 
if the Issuer has first obtained consent to the resulting early redemption of the Notes from the 
Regulatory Event Counterparty, then on first becoming aware of the occurrence of a Regulatory 
Event, the Issuer or the relevant Regulatory Event Counterparty shall give notice thereof to the 
Issuer (if the relevant Regulatory Event Counterparty), the relevant Regulatory Event 
Counterparty (if the Issuer), the Custodian and the Trustee. Subject to the provisions of the 
Applicable Transaction Terms providing for redemption by Physical Settlement, the Disposal 
Agent shall, acting as the agent of the Issuer and subject to receipt of instructions from the 
Issuer in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, 
proceed to arrange for and administer the sale of the Underlying Assets relating to such Series 
on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms and upon 
receipt of the sale proceeds thereof the Issuer shall give not more than 30 nor less than 15 days’ 
notice (or such other number of days as may be provided in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms or agreed by the Trustee) to the Secured Creditors (which notice shall be irrevocable) of 
the date on which the Liquidation Amount shall be applied as specified in Condition 4(d) 
(Application of Proceeds). 
Unless the Applicable Transaction terms specify otherwise, Conditions 7(b)(iv)(A) and 
7(b)(iv)(B) shall be subject to the proviso (the “Regulatory Out Proviso”) that if either event 
has the effect of causing the Issuer to incur a materially increased cost in entering into, 
maintaining, or hedging any issuance of Notes hereunder or that makes it impossible or 
impracticable to do any of the aforementioned, (x) at such time as it becomes aware of such 
occurrence, the Issuer shall notify the Arranger, the Trustee, each Agent and the relevant 
Noteholders of the occurrence of such event, (y) the Issuer and the Arranger shall propose such 
amendments to the Base Prospectus, Trust Deed, Related Agreement and any Applicable 
Transaction Terms (or such other agreements as may be specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms) (each an “Affected Agreement”) as may be necessary in order to preserve the economic 
effects and benefits of the Notes prior to the occurrence of such event and (z) if such 
amendments are made in accordance with the relevant modification procedures as set out in the 
Trust Deed within the number of Business Days specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
following the occurrence of such event, such event shall not constitute an Event of Default 
under the Notes. 
To the extent an Affected Agreement constitutes one or more “swaps” or “security-based 
swaps” under the CEA as amended, including pursuant to the DFA, the right to designate a 
default in connection with the occurrence of an event described in Conditions 7(b)(iv)(A) or 
7(b)(iv)(B) that arises from or in connection with the enactment of the DFA or any amendment 
to the CEA made thereby or any requirement thereunder, the coming into effect of any one or 
more provisions of the DFA or any amendment to the CEA or any requirement thereunder or 
any rule promulgated thereunder is “specifically reserved” within the meaning of Section 739

--- Page 117 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
108 
 
 
of the DFA.  For the avoidance of doubt, Section 739 of the DFA shall not prevent any such 
default from occurring and shall not prevent or otherwise restrict a party’s right to designate a 
default in connection therewith in accordance with the terms hereof.  This provision is a material 
and essential element of the Conditions and the Issuer would not have issued the Notes but for 
the inclusion and the effectiveness of this provision. For purposes of this provision, and for the 
avoidance of doubt, all regulations, rules, orders, guidelines and directives adopted, changed or 
promulgated in connection with the DFA shall be deemed to be adoptions, changes or 
promulgations at such time as regulations, rules, guidelines and directives are adopted, 
promulgated and deemed effective in final and binding form. 
(v) 
Additional Disruption Events 
(A) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the relevant Issuer in its sole and absolute 
discretion may take the action, if applicable, described in (1) or (2) below: 
(1) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion 
the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to the Conditions to account for 
the Additional Disruption Event and determine the effective date of such 
adjustment; or 
(2) 
redeem all but not some only of the Notes (an “Additional Disruption Event 
Redemption Event”). 
In the case of an Additional Disruption Event Redemption Event, subject to the 
provisions of the Applicable Transaction Terms providing for redemption by 
Physical Settlement, the Disposal Agent shall, acting as the agent of the Issuer 
and subject to receipt of instructions from the Issuer in accordance with the 
relevant provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, proceed to 
arrange for and administer the sale of the Underlying Assets relating to such 
Series on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms and upon receipt of the sale proceeds thereof the Issuer shall 
give not more than 30 nor less than 15 days’ notice (or such other number 
of days as may be provided in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or 
agreed by the Trustee) to the Secured Creditors (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) of the date on which the Liquidation Amount shall be applied as 
specified in Condition 4(d) (Application of Proceeds). 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the relevant Issuer shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices) stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event, giving details 
thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
The Additional Disruption Events shall be applicable to each Series of Notes unless 
otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(vi) 
Redemption of Notes 
Upon expiry of the relevant notice under Condition 7(b)(i) (Underlying Disposal Event), or 
7(b)(ii) (Early Redemption of Underlying Assets) or 7(b)(iii) (Credit Event) or 7(b)(iv) 
(Regulatory Event) or 7(b)(v)(A)(2) (Additional Disruption Events) above and subject to the 
conditions of such notice, the Issuer shall (unless, in the case of Condition 7(b)(i)(C) only, the 
Trustee has required the substitution of another company as principal obligor in respect of the 
Notes or the establishment of a branch as contemplated in Condition 14(c) (Substitution) or 
otherwise requested by the Instructing Creditor) redeem each Note in whole or, as the case may 
be, in part on a pro rata basis by (i) Cash Settlement having applied the Liquidation Amount in 
accordance with Condition 4(d) (Application of Proceeds), or the Credit Event Redemption 
Amount in accordance with Condition 7(b)(iii) (Credit Event), and/or (ii) by Physical 
Settlement in accordance with Condition 7(l) (Physical Settlement), or as otherwise specified

--- Page 118 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
109 
 
 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms.  The provisions of Clause 18 (Limited Recourse) of the 
Principal Trust Deed shall apply in respect of such redemption of Notes. 
The date on which the Liquidation Amount and/or the amount of Deliverable Property shall be 
applied in redemption of the Notes in accordance with the above paragraph of this 
Condition 7(b)(vi) shall be at any time in accordance with the notice provisions contained in 
the relevant Condition and any relevant provisions in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(vii) 
Suspension of Payments and Calculations 
If, at any time within five Business Days prior to a day on which an amount will be due and 
payable in respect of the Notes or other Obligations (the “Suspended Payment Date”), the 
Calculation Agent determines that facts exist which may amount to an Underlying Disposal 
Event, no payment of principal or interest shall be made by the relevant Issuer in respect of the 
relevant Series of Notes or other Obligations during the period of 10 Business Days following 
the Suspended Payment Date (the “Underlying Disposal Event Suspension Period”) and the 
Calculation Agent shall provide notice of such Suspended Payment Date to the Principal Paying 
Agent, Trustee and the Noteholders or holders of Obligations as soon as practicable. If, at any 
time during the Underlying Disposal Event Suspension Period, the Calculation Agent 
determines that an Underlying Disposal Event has occurred, then the provisions of 
Condition 7(b)(i) shall apply. If, on the final Business Day of the Underlying Disposal Event 
Suspension Period, no such determination has been made, then the balance of the principal or 
interest that would otherwise have been payable in respect of the Notes or other Obligations 
shall be due on the second Business Day after such final Business Day of the Underlying 
Disposal Event Suspension Period. Noteholders, holders of Obligations and Couponholders 
shall not be entitled to a further payment as a consequence of the fact that such payment of such 
principal or interest is postponed pursuant to this Condition 7(b)(vii). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Calculation Agent determines that the circumstances 
giving rise to such potential Underlying Disposal Event have been remedied (if possible) or no 
longer exist such that no related Underlying Disposal Event has occurred, then the relevant 
Issuer shall make any payments that would otherwise have been payable in respect of the 
relevant Series of Notes or other Obligations on the second Business Day following the date on 
which the Calculation Agent makes such determination. Noteholders, holders of Obligations 
and Couponholders shall not be entitled to a further payment as a consequence of the fact that 
such payment of such principal or interest is postponed pursuant to this Condition 7(b)(vii). In 
determining whether a payment failure has (or may have) occurred, the Calculation Agent may 
rely on evidence of non-receipt of funds. 
(c) 
Purchase 
If a purchase option is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Issuer may, provided that no 
Event of Default or Early Redemption Event has occurred and is continuing, purchase Notes (or any of 
them) (provided that all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons (if any) appertaining 
thereto are attached or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price.  If such 
Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin or the Vienna MTF the Issuer will give notice of the purchase to 
Euronext Dublin or the Wiener Börse AG (as applicable). 
The Related Agreement will provide that on such purchase such Related Agreement (or a proportionate 
part thereof which corresponds to the Notes to be purchased) will terminate. 
The Applicable Transaction Terms will set out all the terms of such termination (which will reflect the 
terms of the Related Agreement).  The Applicable Transaction Terms will also set out the terms on 
which the Security over the Underlying Assets or part thereof may be released to provide funds and/or, 
in the case of Physical Settlement, assets for such purpose (which will reflect the terms of the relevant 
Supplemental Trust Deed).  No interest will be payable with respect to a Note to be purchased pursuant 
to this Condition in respect of the period from the Issue Date or, if later, the most recent date for the 
payment of interest on such Note, as the case may be, to the date of such purchase and thereafter.

--- Page 119 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
110 
 
 
If not all the Notes which are in registered form are to be purchased, upon surrender of the existing 
Registered Note the relevant Paying Agent shall forthwith upon the written request of the Noteholder 
concerned issue a new Registered Note in respect of the Notes which are not to be purchased and 
despatch such Registered Note to the Noteholder (at the risk of the Noteholder and to such address as 
the Noteholder may specify in such request). 
Whilst the Notes are represented by a Global Note, the relevant Global Note will be endorsed to reflect 
the principal amount of Notes to be so redeemed or purchased. 
(d) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
(i) 
The amount payable in respect of any Note which does not bear interest prior to the Maturity 
Date, the Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount of which is not linked to an index 
and/or a formula, upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7(b) (Early Redemption) 
or, if applicable, Conditions 7(f) (Redemption following Optional Issuer Call), 7(g) 
(Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options) or 7(k) 
(Exchange of Series) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 (Events 
of Default) shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note.  
References in the Conditions to “principal” in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, shall be deemed 
to include references to “Amortised Face Amount” where the context permits. 
(ii) 
Subject to the provisions of (iii) below and as provided in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
the Amortised Face Amount of any Zero Coupon Note shall be the scheduled Redemption 
Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Zero Coupon Yield shown in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
compounded annually.  Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, 
it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms. 
(iii) 
If the amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption pursuant to 
Condition 7(b) (Early Redemption) or, if applicable, Conditions 7(f) (Redemption following 
Optional Issuer Call), 7(g) (Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders and Exercise of 
Noteholders’ Options) or 7(k) (Exchange of Series) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 10 (Events of Default) is not paid when due, the amount due and payable 
in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in 
Condition 7(d)(i), except that such Condition shall have effect as though the reference therein 
to the date on which the Note becomes due and payable were replaced by a reference to the date 
(the “Relevant Date”) which is the earlier of: 
(A) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of the Note have been paid; or 
(B) 
the date on which the full amount of the monies payable on the Notes has been received 
by the Principal Paying Agent, and notice to that effect has been given to holders in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 15 (Notices). 
The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount will continue to be made (as well after as before 
judgment) until the Relevant Date unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, 
in which case the amount due and payable shall be the principal amount of such Note together 
with any interest which may accrue in accordance with Condition 6(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate 
Notes). 
(e) 
Redemption of Variable Redemption Amount Notes 
The Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of a Series of Variable Redemption Amount Notes shall 
specify the basis for calculation of the Redemption Amount payable upon redemption of the relevant 
Notes on maturity or under Condition 7(b) (Early Redemption) or, if applicable, Conditions 7(f) 
(Redemption following Optional Issuer Call), 7(g) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and 
Exercise of Noteholders’ Options) or 7(h) (Redemption by Instalments) or upon them becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 10 (Events of Default) and the name of the Calculation Agent 
appointed to determine such Redemption Amount.

--- Page 120 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
111 
 
 
(f) 
Redemption following Optional Issuer Call 
If “Optional Issuer Call” is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Issuer shall, as soon as 
is practicable after becoming aware of the satisfaction of an Optional Issuer Call Condition (but subject 
to compliance with all relevant laws and regulations) and on giving irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders (specifying the date on which the Notes shall be redeemed, the “Optional Issuer Call 
Settlement Date”) on or prior to the Optional Issuer Call Termination Exercise Cut-off Date (or by 
such other date as may be provided in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms), redeem all, or if so 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms some only, of the Notes either by Cash Settlement at 
their Optional Issuer Call Redemption Amount or at their Amortised Face Amount (in the case of Zero 
Coupon Notes) or by Physical Settlement in accordance with Condition 7(l) (Physical Settlement). 
Notice having been delivered by the Issuer to redeem Note(s) pursuant to this Condition may not be 
withdrawn (save with the prior written consent of the Trustee) and the Issuer shall be bound to redeem 
the Note(s) in accordance with the notice, this Condition and the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
Where the Notes are redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(f), then on the Optional Issuer Call 
Settlement Date: 
(i) 
where “Optional Issuer Call Settlement – Cash to Counterparty” is specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, the Issuer shall pay (or procure payment of) an amount equal to the proceeds 
of the Liquidation Amount that it is entitled to receive; or 
(ii) 
where “Optional Issuer Call Settlement – Delivery to Counterparty” is specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, the Issuer shall deliver (or procure delivery of) the Deliverable 
Property that it is entitled to receive, 
in each case, to the Counterparty under the Related Agreement (each an “Optional Issuer Call 
Settlement”). 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if, at any time following the satisfaction of an Optional Issuer 
Call Condition and prior to the Optional Issuer Call Settlement Date, an Early Redemption Event or the 
delivery of an Enforcement Notice in relation to an Event of Default occurs, then the early redemption 
of the Notes resulting directly from the satisfaction of the Optional Issuer Call Condition shall be 
disregarded and the Notes will instead redeem in accordance with the relevant provision of Condition 7 
(Redemption, Purchase and Exchange) to which the subsequent Early Redemption Event relates or 
Condition 10 (Events of Default) to which the subsequent delivery of an Enforcement Notice in relation 
to an Event of Default relates. If, at any time from (and including) the Optional Issuer Call Settlement 
Date and prior to the Optional Issuer Call Redemption Date, an Early Redemption Event occurs, the 
provisions of this Condition 7(f) shall prevail. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Custodian, any Dealer, the Arranger, any Counterparty or any Agent 
shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Optional Issuer Call 
Condition has been satisfied. None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Custodian, any Dealer, the Arranger, 
any Counterparty or any Agent shall have any obligation to give, or any responsibility or liability for 
giving or not giving, any notice to the Issuer that an Optional Issuer Call Condition has been satisfied. 
If the Issuer gives a notice to the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent of the satisfaction of an Optional 
Issuer Call Condition, the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled to 
rely conclusively on such notice without further investigation. 
The Applicable Transaction Terms will specify the terms on which the Security over the relevant 
Underlying Assets or part thereof may be released to provide funds and/or, in the case of Physical 
Settlement, assets for such redemption or for the exercise of the Issuer’s option. 
The Related Agreement will provide that on the redemption of Notes by the Issuer such Related 
Agreement will terminate.  The Applicable Transaction Terms will set out the terms of such 
termination.

--- Page 121 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
112 
 
 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options 
If so specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms the Issuer shall, subject to compliance with all 
relevant laws and regulations, at the option of the holder of any such Note, redeem such Note either by 
Cash Settlement at its Redemption Amount or at its Amortised Face Amount (in the case of Zero 
Coupon Notes) or by Physical Settlement in accordance with Condition 7(l) (Physical Settlement), in 
each case on the date or dates specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, together with interest 
accrued to, or the Interest Amount payable on, the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such Noteholder’s option which may be specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the 
holder must deposit the relevant Note (together with all unmatured Coupons) with any Paying Agent or 
(in the case of Registered Notes) the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, at its specified office, together 
with a duly completed exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying 
Agent, not more than 30 days nor less than 10 days (or such other number of days as may be specified 
in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms) prior to the relevant date for redemption or exercise of 
any option. 
The Applicable Transaction Terms will specify the terms on which the security over the relevant 
Underlying Assets or part thereof may be released to provide funds and/or, in the case of Physical 
Settlement, assets for such redemption or for the exercise of the Noteholder’s option. 
The Related Agreement will provide that on the redemption of Notes by the Noteholders pursuant to 
the exercise of the Noteholders’ option in relation to the Notes such Related Agreement (or a 
proportionate part thereof which corresponds to the Notes to be redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to 
the exercise of such option) will terminate.  The Applicable Transaction Terms will set out the terms 
of such termination. 
In the case of any Note represented by a Global Note, the Noteholder must deliver the Exercise Notice 
together with an authority to Euroclear or, as the case may be, Clearstream, Luxembourg or, as the 
case may be, the DTC and/or any other relevant clearing system to debit such Noteholder’s account 
accordingly, as well as details of the account to which the relevant cash amount or, as the case may 
be, assets are to be credited.  No Note (or authority) so deposited may be withdrawn (except as 
provided in the Applicable Transaction Terms) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(h) 
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 7, each Note which 
provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts will be partially redeemed on each Instalment 
Date at the Instalment Amount specified on it, whereupon the outstanding Principal Amount of such 
Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount for all purposes and the notional amount(s) of principal 
under any Related Agreement upon which payments under the Series of Notes of which such Note 
forms part are calculated shall be reduced in a proportion equal to the proportion which the Instalment 
Amount bears to the original notional amount(s) of such Related Agreement. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
In respect of all Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Bearer Notes or the Certificates shall 
be surrendered to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent for cancellation and, if so surrendered, 
will, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together, in the case of 
Bearer Notes, with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith).  Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and 
the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(j) 
Exchange of Notes for Underlying Assets 
If Exchange Optional is specified as being applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, a Noteholder 
may request the Issuer to exchange any Note held by it for a corresponding principal amount of the 
Underlying Assets upon terms that will be more fully set out in the Applicable Transaction Terms.  To 
exercise such option the relevant Noteholder shall deposit the relevant Note (and all unmatured 
Coupons, Receipts and all unexchanged Talons (if any) appertaining thereto) at the office of any Paying

--- Page 122 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
113 
 
 
Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes) the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with a duly 
completed Asset Transfer Notice (as defined in Condition 7(l) (Physical Settlement) below, no more 
than 30 days nor less than 10 days prior to the date on which such option is to be exercised (which date 
shall be specified in such Asset Transfer Notice).  The Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Transfer Agent 
(as the case may be) will forthwith notify the Issuer, the Trustee and each Counterparty (if any) of the 
exercise of any such option.  The provisions of Condition 7(l) (Physical Settlement) shall thereafter 
apply. 
(k) 
Exchange of Series 
If specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms and subject to the conditions specified in such 
Applicable Transaction Terms, the Issuer may from time to time with the consent of the relevant 
Counterparty under the Related Agreement (if any) with respect to such Series substitute a new Series 
of Notes (the “New Series”) for that existing Series of Notes (the “Existing Series”) as it may deem 
appropriate.  Any substitution of a Series may occur with or without the consent of the Noteholders, as 
specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms.  The exchange procedure and means by which 
Noteholders consent to such exchange (if any) shall be specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction 
Terms. 
(l) 
Physical Settlement 
(i) 
Procedure 
If any Note falls to be redeemed and Physical Settlement is specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, in order to obtain delivery of the relevant Deliverable Property, the relevant 
Noteholder or, as the case may be, a duly authorised representative of such Noteholder shall 
deliver to any Paying Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes) the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent not more than 30 days nor less than ten days (or such other period as may be specified 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms) prior to the relevant redemption date, the Note(s) (which 
expression shall include Receipt(s) and, if applicable, all unmatured Coupons and Talons (if 
any) relating thereto) and a duly completed asset transfer notice (the “Asset Transfer Notice”), 
in the form obtainable from the specified office of any of the Paying Agents or (in the case of 
Registered Notes) the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. 
In the event that the Note(s) is/are represented by a Global Note, an Asset Transfer Notice 
must be delivered to the Issuer via Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system as the case may be, by such method of delivery as Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as the case may 
be, shall have approved. 
For as long as the Notes are represented by a Global Notes, surrender of Notes, together 
with an Asset Transfer Notice, will be effected by presentation of the Global Note and its 
endorsement to note the principal amount of Notes to which the relevant Asset Transfer 
Notice relates. 
After delivery of an Asset Transfer Notice, no transfers of the Notes specified therein 
represented by a Global Note will be effected by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and no transfers of Registered 
Notes specified therein will be effected by the Registrar. 
Failure properly to duly complete and deliver an Asset Transfer Notice and to deliver the 
relevant Note(s) may result in such notice being treated as null and void, whereupon the Issuer 
shall be discharged from its obligations in respect of such Note(s) and shall have no further 
obligation or liability whatsoever in respect thereof.  Any determination as to whether such 
notice has been duly completed and delivered shall be made by the relevant Paying Agent, the 
Registrar or the Transfer Agent, as the case may be, in its sole and absolute discretion and shall 
be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the relevant Noteholder. 
Upon receipt of a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice and the Note(s) to which such notice 
relates, the relevant Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Transfer Agent, as the case may be, shall

--- Page 123 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
114 
 
 
verify that the person specified therein is the holder of the Notes referred to therein and shall 
communicate such Asset Transfer Notice to the Issuer with a copy to the Calculation Agent. 
The entity specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms (the “Physical Delivery Agent”) shall 
promptly thereafter determine: 
(a) 
the maximum amount of Underlying Assets (and, if any amounts are received by the 
Issuer upon termination of any relevant Related Agreement, monies) (together, the 
“Deliverable Property”) to be delivered to each Noteholder according to its pro rata 
share of such Deliverable Property; and 
(b) 
whether, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, it is illegal or impossible for 
the Issuer to deliver any portion of the Deliverable Property on the due date for delivery, 
including, without limitation, by reason of failure of the relevant clearance system or 
failure to obtain the requisite principal amount of Underlying Assets at any price or due 
to any law, regulation or court order, but not including market conditions (and if it 
determines that such delivery is illegal or impossible or that the relevant Noteholder is 
not eligible for delivery with respect to all or part of the Deliverable Property, the 
Physical Delivery Agent shall notify the Issuer, the Trustee and the Noteholders, 
providing a description in reasonable detail of the facts giving rise to such impossibility 
or illegality). 
The Issuer shall then, subject to the provisions of Condition 7(l)(ii) (Illegality or 
Impossibility) below, deliver to each Noteholder its pro rata share of the Deliverable 
Property on the due date for delivery. 
(ii) 
Illegality or Impossibility 
The Notes to which an Asset Transfer Notice relates shall cease to be outstanding on the 
first day upon which the Issuer makes the aggregate amount of Deliverable Property in respect 
thereof available for delivery in accordance with these Conditions. 
If, prior to delivery of the relevant Deliverable Property, the Issuer determines that delivery of 
any portion thereof is either illegal or impossible and such circumstances are continuing on the 
due date for delivery (the “Undeliverable Portion”), then the date of delivery of such 
Undeliverable Portion shall be postponed to the first following business day (as defined in 
Condition 8(g) (Non-Business Days)) in respect of which it is no longer illegal or impossible to 
deliver such Undeliverable Portion; provided, however, that, subject as provided below and as 
otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, in no event shall delivery be made 
later than the Maximum Days of Disruption (which shall be five (5) business days (as defined 
in Condition 8(g) (Non-Business Days), unless otherwise specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms) after the originally scheduled date of delivery.  If upon expiry of the 
Maximum Days of Disruption the delivery of such Undeliverable Portion is still either illegal 
or impossible, then in lieu of Physical Settlement the Issuer may satisfy its obligations in respect 
of the relevant Note by payment to the relevant Noteholder of an amount equal to the 
Liquidation Amount (as defined in Condition 4(d) (Application of Proceeds)) proportional to 
such Noteholder’s pro rata share of the Undeliverable Portion on the fifth business day 
following the expiry of the Maximum Days of Disruption (or on such other date (the “Longstop 
Date”) as may be specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) (“Partial Cash Settlement”). 
(iii) 
Fractional Entitlement 
Where a Noteholder holds Notes in an aggregate nominal amount greater than the minimum 
Authorised Denomination, the nominal amount of the Deliverable Property to be delivered in 
respect of such Notes shall be aggregated for the purposes of this Condition 7(l)(iii).  If the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Underlying Assets to be delivered in respect of all of the Notes 
held by any Noteholder to be redeemed on any occasion is not equal to the minimum authorised 
denomination (or, where such Underlying Assets are traded in integral multiples of, or any 
amount above, such minimum authorised denomination, such integral multiple or, as the case

--- Page 124 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
115 
 
 
may be amount, such amount above such minimum authorised denomination) of such 
Underlying Assets, then the nominal amount of Underlying Assets to be delivered will be 
rounded down to the nearest authorised denomination, or integral multiple thereof or, as the 
case may be, such amount above such minimum authorised denomination, or if none, or if such 
Underlying Assets are traded in any amount above a specified minimum authorised 
denomination and such aggregate nominal amount to be delivered is less than such specified 
minimum authorised denomination, zero.  In such circumstances, the Underlying Assets that 
were not capable of being delivered may, if and to the extent practicable, be sold by the Disposal 
Agent and, if they are so sold, each Noteholder shall receive an amount in cash equal to such 
Noteholder’s pro rata share of the sale proceeds (such an amount, the “Fractional 
Entitlement”). 
(iv) 
Costs and expenses 
The costs and expenses of effecting any delivery of the relevant Deliverable Property (the 
“Delivery Expenses”) shall, in the absence of any provision to the contrary in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, be borne by the Noteholder(s) and shall, unless otherwise specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, at the option of each Noteholder either be: 
(a) 
paid to the Issuer by such Noteholder(s) prior to the delivery of the relevant Deliverable 
Property (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall not be required to deliver any 
Deliverable Property to such Noteholder(s) until it has received such payment); or 
(b) 
be deducted by the Issuer from any Redemption Amount (and or other cash amount) 
owing to such Noteholder(s). 
If there is no cash amount owing to a Noteholder sufficient to cover the Delivery Expenses in 
respect of relevant Note(s), the Issuer may arrange for the sale of such amount of the relevant 
Deliverable Property to be so delivered sufficient to cover the Delivery Expenses in respect of 
such Note(s).  The Note(s) will then be redeemed by delivery of the remaining Deliverable 
Property in respect of such Note(s) after deduction of such Delivery Expenses and, if applicable, 
payment of a cash amount in respect of any Fractional Entitlement and/or other amount arising 
upon redemption of such Note(s). 
(v) 
Delivery at the risk of the Noteholder 
Delivery of the Deliverable Property by the Issuer to the Noteholder shall be at the risk of the 
Noteholder and no additional payment or delivery will be due to a Noteholder where the 
relevant Deliverable Property is delivered after its due date in circumstances beyond the control 
of the Issuer (including for, but not limited to, reasons of illegality or impossibility). 
(vi) 
General 
If any part of the relevant Deliverable Property is delivered later than the originally scheduled 
due date for delivery, until delivery of such Deliverable Property is made to the Noteholder, the 
Issuer or any person on behalf of the Issuer shall continue to be the legal owner thereof.  None 
of the Issuer, its affiliates and any such other person shall (i) be under any obligation to deliver 
or procure delivery to such Noteholder or any subsequent transferee any letter, certificate, 
notice, circular or any other document or payment whatsoever received by that person in its 
capacity as the holder of such assets, (ii) be under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise 
of any or all rights (including voting rights) attaching to such assets until the date of delivery 
or (iii) be under any liability to such Noteholder or any subsequent transferee in respect of any 
loss or damage which such Noteholder or subsequent transferee may sustain or suffer as a result, 
whether directly or indirectly, of that person being the legal owner of such assets until the date 
of delivery. 
The Issuer shall not be under any obligation to register or procure the registration of any 
Noteholder or any other person as the registered holder of any of the assets to be delivered in 
the register of members of any company whose shares form part of the relevant Deliverable 
Property.  The Issuer shall not be obliged to account to any Noteholder for any entitlement

--- Page 125 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
116 
 
 
received or receivable in respect of any assets to be delivered to it if the date on which such 
assets are first traded ex such entitlement is on or prior to the relevant date of delivery.  The 
Calculation Agent shall determine the date on which such assets are so first traded ex any such 
entitlement. 
(vii) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(l), “deliver” means, with respect to the delivery of any 
Deliverable Property, to deliver or transfer (which shall include executing any necessary 
documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey all rights, title and 
interest in such relevant Deliverable Property, free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims 
or encumbrances (including, without limitation, any counterclaim, defence or right of set off by 
or of the issuer of or obligor in respect of the Deliverable Property), and “delivery”, “delivered” 
and “delivering” will be construed accordingly. 
(m) 
Method of realisation of Underlying Assets or other Securities 
Subject as may otherwise be provided for in these Conditions or the Applicable Transaction Terms, in 
effecting the sales, the Disposal Agent (on behalf of the Issuer) may, within 30 Business Days of 
receiving the relevant instruction, sell the Underlying Assets and/or any securities under any Credit 
Support Document held by the Issuer in one single transaction or in a number of transactions as it 
considers appropriate in order to attempt reasonably to maximise the proceeds from such sale. The 
Disposal Agent may effect sales of the Underlying Assets and/or any securities under any Credit 
Support Document held by the Issuer (i) on any securities exchange or quotation service on which they 
may be listed or quoted, (ii) in the over-the-counter market or (iii) in transactions otherwise than on 
such exchanges or in the over-the counter market. 
Where the Disposal Agent is required or requested to dispose of any Underlying Assets and/or any 
securities under any Credit Support Document held by the Issuer other than on any securities exchange 
or quotation service on which they may be listed or quoted then: 
(i) 
the Disposal Agent shall seek firm bid quotations from at least three independent dealers in 
assets similar in nature to the relevant Underlying Assets and/or any securities under any Credit 
Support Document held by the Issuer (and, for such purpose, it may seek quotations in respect 
thereof in their entirety or in respect of a designated part or proportion thereof, as it considers 
appropriate in order to maximise the proceeds of the sale thereof); 
(ii) 
for the purposes of obtaining the quotations referred to in (i) above, the Disposal Agent may 
itself provide a bid in respect of the relevant Underlying Assets or any part or proportion 
thereof; and 
(iii) 
the Disposal Agent shall be authorised to accept in respect of each relevant part or proportion 
of the Underlying Assets and/or any securities under any Credit Support Document held by the 
Issuer or, as applicable, the entirety thereof of the highest quotation so obtained (which may be 
a quotation from the Disposal Agent (when providing such quotations itself, the Disposal Agent 
shall act in a commercially reasonable manner). 
In circumstances where the Disposal Agent cannot act in accordance with this Condition 7(m), or does 
not do so within a reasonable time, the Trustee shall exercise its powers of enforcement in respect of 
the Underlying Assets pursuant to, and in accordance with, the Trust Deed. 
(n) 
Inability to realise Underlying Assets 
If the Disposal Agent is unable to sell the Underlying Assets and/or any securities under any Credit 
Support Document held by the Issuer (the “Non-Realised Assets”) on any securities exchange or 
quotation service on which the Underlying Assets may be listed or quoted or obtain the three quotations 
required for the sale of one or more thereof, in each case pursuant to Condition 7(m) (Method of 
realisation of Underlying Assets), for a period of 60 Business Days from the date of the relevant Early 
Redemption Event or Event of Default, then in lieu of cash settlement of such Non-Realised Assets and 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof and the Custodian shall be instructed by the Issuer to deliver,

--- Page 126 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
117 
 
 
or procure the delivery of, such Non-Realised Underlying Assets to the relevant Noteholders in 
accordance with (i) Condition 7(l) (Physical Settlement) as if Physical Settlement was specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms and the Issuer shall appoint the Calculation Agent as the Physical 
Delivery Agent for the purposes thereof and (ii) Condition 4(d) (Application of Proceeds). 
(o) 
Partly Paid Notes 
If the Applicable Transaction Terms specify that “Partly Paid Notes” are “Applicable”, this 
Condition 7(o) shall apply. The Applicable Transaction Terms for such Partly Paid Notes will specify 
the part payment amount(s) (the “Part Payment Amount(s)”) and the part payment date(s) (the “Part 
Payment Date(s)”) that apply to such Partly Paid Notes. 
The Partly Paid Notes will be subscribed at the Part Payment Amount(s) and on the Part Payment 
Date(s) specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. The obligation to pay a Part Payment Amount 
on the relevant Part Payment Date is only incurred by the Noteholders on such Part Payment Date. 
Partly Paid Notes shall be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date at their nominal amount (assuming 
such Partly Paid Notes have been fully paid) and on any relevant Early Redemption Date at their Paid-up 
Nominal Amount; and in the event that any Noteholder fails to pay a Part Payment Amount on the 
relevant Part Payment Date (such date a “Part Payment Default Date”), any such Notes held by such 
Noteholder shall automatically be redeemed on the relevant Early Redemption Date, at the Settlement 
Amount. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(o): 
“Early Redemption Date” means, in respect of any Note, the seventh Business Day following a Part 
Payment Default Date. 
“Settlement Amount” means, in respect of any Note, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Max [0; [Paid-up Nominal Amount – Unwinding Costs]], 
where: 
“Paid-up Nominal Amount” means, in respect of any Part Payment Date, the paid-up nominal amount 
of the relevant Note up to (and including) the applicable Part Payment Date. Interest will neither accrue 
nor be payable in respect of the period from and including the applicable Part Payment Default Date to 
and including the applicable Early Redemption Date; and 
“Unwinding Costs” means the pro rata share, in respect of each Note, of the losses (expressed as a 
positive number) or the gains (expressed as a negative number) of unwinding all hedging and/or funding 
arrangements (taking into account the present value of any Part Payment Amount(s) remaining to be 
paid in respect of the Note) entered into or purchased by the Issuer in respect of the Note. 
(p) 
Credit Linked Notes 
In the case of Credit Linked Notes, if during the period commencing on (and including) the date falling 
10 Business Days (or such other number of Business Days as may be specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms) prior to the Scheduled Termination Date under the Swap Agreement (the “CDS 
Termination Date”) to (and including) the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Swap Counterparty delivers 
to the Issuer an Extension Notice, the Maturity Date shall be postponed until the date falling two 
Business Days following the CDS Termination Date (such event causing an extension to the Maturity 
Date of the Notes beyond the Scheduled Maturity Date, a “Maturity Date Extension Event”). 
Notice of any Extension Notice (including a description of either (i) the Credit Event that has occurred, 
may occur or may have occurred, or (ii) any relevant DC Credit Event Question with respect to which 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal has not occurred as of the date of such Extension Notice) will 
be delivered to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) by the Issuer promptly after 
receipt by the Issuer thereof from the Swap Counterparty. In addition, notice of the postponed Maturity

--- Page 127 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
118 
 
 
Date will be delivered to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) by the Issuer 
promptly after the postponed Maturity Date is determined. 
No additional amounts of interest or otherwise will accrue or be payable in respect of the period from 
(and including) the Scheduled Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date as a result of any 
postponement of the Maturity Date. 
Terms used but not defined in this Condition 7(p) shall have the meanings given to them in the Swap 
Agreement and/or the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
8. 
Payments 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal (or, as the case may be, Redemption Amounts or other amounts payable on 
redemption) and interest (or, as the case may be, Interest Amounts) in respect of Bearer Notes (other 
than Dual Currency Notes) will, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation (unless in 
the case of a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note issued by Premium Green PLC or 
PREMIUM Plus p.l.c., whereby the Applicable Transaction Terms specify that such Note is intended 
to be in NGN form) and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payment of Instalment 
Amounts other than on the due date for final redemption and provided that the Receipt is presented for 
payment together with its relative Note), Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in 
the case of interest, as specified in Condition 8(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as 
specified in Condition 8(f)(v)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States and its possessions by transfer to an account denominated in the currency in which 
such payment is due with, or (in the case of Definitive Notes only) a cheque payable in that currency 
drawn on, a bank in (i) the principal financial centre of that currency provided that such currency is not 
euro, or (ii) the principal financial centre of any Member State of the European Union which has adopted 
the euro as its currency if that currency is euro. 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
Payments of principal (or, as the case may be, Redemption Amounts) in respect of Registered Notes 
(other than Dual Currency Notes) will be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Certificates at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or the Paying Agent (if applicable) and 
in the manner provided in Condition 8(a) (Bearer Notes). 
Payments of instalments in respect of Registered Notes will be made against presentation of the relevant 
Certificates at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent and annotation of such payments on 
the Register by the Registrar and the relevant Certificates. 
Interest (or, as the case may be, Interest Amounts) on Registered Notes payable on any Interest Payment 
Date will be paid to the persons shown on the Register at the close of business on the record date which 
is (i) in the case of Registered Global Notes, the Clearing System Business Day prior to; or (ii) in the 
case of Registered Note Certificates, one Clearing System Business Day before, the due date for 
payment thereof (in each case, the “Record Date”).  For the purpose of this Condition 8(b) “Clearing 
System Business Day” means Monday to Friday except December 25 and January 1.  Payment of 
interest or Interest Amounts on each Registered Note will be made in the currency in which such 
payment is due by cheque drawn on a bank in (i) the principal financial centre of the country of the 
currency concerned, provided that such currency is not euro, or (ii) the principal financial centre of any 
Member State of the European Community if that currency is euro and mailed to the holder (or to the 
first named of joint holders) of such Note at its address appearing in the Register.  Upon application by 
the Noteholder to the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or the Paying Agent (if applicable) 
before the relevant Record Date, such payment of interest may be made by transfer to an account in the 
relevant currency maintained by the payee with a bank in (i) the principal financial centre of the country 
of that currency provided that such currency is not euro, or (ii) the principal financial centre of any 
Member State of the European Union which has adopted the euro as its currency if that currency is euro.

--- Page 128 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
119 
 
 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect 
thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner 
as aforesaid if: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the 
amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer and the Dealer(s), adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws; payments on Global Notes and Registered Notes 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 (Taxation).  No commission or expenses shall be charged to 
the Noteholders, Couponholders or Receiptholders (if any) in respect of such payments. 
Payments of principal (or Redemption Amounts) and interest (or Interest Amounts) in respect of the 
Bearer Notes when represented by a Permanent Global Note will be made against presentation and 
surrender or, as the case may be, presentation of the Permanent Global Note at the specified office of 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Paying Agent (if applicable), subject in all cases to any fiscal or other 
laws and regulations applicable in the place of payment to the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent or the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Note.  A record of each payment so made will be endorsed on the 
schedule to the Permanent Global Note by or on behalf of the Principal Paying Agent which 
endorsement shall be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made. 
The holder of a Permanent Global Note or Registered Note shall be the only person entitled to receive 
payments of principal (or Redemption Amounts) and interest (or Interest Amounts) on the Permanent 
Global Note or such Registered Note (as the case may be) and the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to, or to the order of, the holder of such Permanent Global Note or Registered Note in respect of each 
amount paid. 
(e) 
Appointment of the Agents 
The Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Issue Agent, the Disposal Agent, the Determination 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Registrar and the Transfer Agent (the “Agents”) appointed by the 
Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below or as otherwise appointed pursuant to the 
Agency Agreement and with specified offices as set out in the Applicable Transaction Terms.  The 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or 
trust for or with any Holder.  The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent, and to appoint additional or other Agents, provided that the Issuer will at all 
times maintain (i) a Principal Paying Agent, (ii) a Calculation Agent (where the Conditions so require 
one) and (iii) a Paying Agent and (while any Registered Notes remain outstanding), a Registrar in New 
York or at such other place as the Trustee may approve, each having a specified office in a European 
city which, if the Notes are admitted to listing on a listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system and the rules of such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system require the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in a particular place, shall be such place.  For Registered Notes, the 
Issuer will at all times maintain a Registrar and the Register in New York (or such other place as the 
Trustee may approve), for so long as any stamp duty requirements apply. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and Unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Subject to the provisions of the Applicable Transaction Terms, upon the due date for 
redemption of any Note which is a Bearer Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them.

--- Page 129 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
120 
 
 
(ii) 
Upon the date for redemption of any Note, any unmatured Talon relating to such Note (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note which is redeemable in instalments, all Receipts 
relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iv) 
Where any Note which is a Bearer Note, is presented for redemption without all unmatured 
Coupons and any unexchanged Talon relating to it, and where any Bearer Note is presented for 
redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only 
against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest or an Interest 
Amount, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, or, in the case of a Variable Coupon Amount Note, 
the Interest Amount payable on such date for redemption shall only be payable against 
presentation (unless in the case of a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note or a 
Registered Global Note issued by Premium Green PLC or PREMIUM Plus p.l.c., whereby the 
Applicable Transaction Terms specify that such Note is intended to be in NGN form (in the 
case of a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note) or in NSSGN form (in the case 
of a Registered Global Note)) (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Note.  Interest 
accrued on a Note which only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note against presentation (unless in the case of a Temporary Global Note 
or a Permanent Global Note or a Registered Global Note issued by Premium Green PLC or 
PREMIUM Plus p.l.c., whereby the Applicable Transaction Terms specify that such Note is 
intended to be in NGN form (in the case of a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global 
Note) or in NSSGN form (in the case of a Registered Global Note)) thereof. 
(g) 
Non-Business Days 
Subject as provided in the Applicable Transaction Terms, if any date for payment or, in the case of 
Physical Settlement, delivery of Deliverable Property in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not 
a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment and/or, in the case of Physical Settlement, 
delivery until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such 
postponed payment and/or delivery.  In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday): 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which dealings may be carried 
on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) on which the TARGET System is operating; 
(iii) 
(in the case of Physical Settlement), on which banks are open for presentation and payment of 
debt securities in the cities referred to in the definition of Business Days set out in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms and any clearing system(s) through which any Deliverable 
Property is to be delivered is opened for business and operation; and 
(iv) 
in any case, in any additional city or cities specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
(h) 
Dual Currency Notes 
The Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of Dual Currency Notes shall specify the currency in 
which each payment in respect of the relevant Notes shall be made, the terms relating to any option 
relating to the currency in which any payment is to be made and the basis for calculating the amount of 
any relevant payment and the manner of payment thereof. 
(i) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified

--- Page 130 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
121 
 
 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for 
a further coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons which may have become void pursuant to 
Condition 12 (Prescription)). 
Where Physical Settlement is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the provisions of this 
Condition 8 shall be subject to the provisions of Condition 7(l) (Physical Settlement). 
9. 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons will be made without withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever nature 
unless the Issuer, or any Paying Agent or, where applicable, the Trustee is required by applicable law 
to make any payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons subject to any withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever nature or if 
the Issuer, or any Paying Agent or, where applicable, the Trustee on the occasion of the next payment 
due in respect of the Notes, would be required by Irish law or pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code or otherwise pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official 
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto, to make any 
withholding or deduction.  In that event, the Issuer, such Paying Agent, or the Trustee (as the case may 
be) shall make such payment after such withholding or deduction has been made and shall account to 
the relevant authorities for the amount so required to be withheld or deducted.  Neither the Issuer, nor 
any Paying Agent, nor the Trustee will be obliged to make any additional payments to the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders in respect of such withholding or deduction, but 
Condition 7(b)(i)(C) will apply.  The Issuer or any Paying Agent may require Holders to provide such 
certifications and other documents as required by applicable law in order to qualify for exemptions from 
applicable tax laws. 
10. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 10(c) (Events of Default), the Trustee at its discretion may, and, if so requested by 
the Instructing Creditor, shall (subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction), give notice (an “Enforcement Notice”) to the Issuer of any Series of Notes that the Notes 
of such Series are, and they shall accordingly immediately become, due and repayable, at their 
Redemption Amount together with accrued interest to the date of payment (or, in the case of Zero 
Coupon Notes (unless the Conditions of the Notes provide otherwise) at their Amortised Face Amount) 
or as otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms and the Security constituted by the 
Security Documents shall become enforceable (as provided in the Trust Deed) and the Liquidation 
Amount and/or, in the case of Physical Settlement, the Deliverable Property shall be applied as specified 
in Condition 4(d) (Application of Proceeds) upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each 
an “Event of Default”): 
(i) 
if default is made for a period of 14 days or more in the case of interest payments or 7 days or 
more in the case of principal in the payment of any sum or, as the case may be, delivery of any 
assets due in respect of such Notes or any of them; or 
(ii) 
if the Issuer of such Series fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the 
Notes or the Trust Deed and, where the Trustee considers, in its absolute discretion that such 
default can be remedied, such failure continues for a period of 30 days (or such longer period 
as the Trustee may permit) next following the service by the Trustee on the Issuer of notice 
requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
if any order shall be made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the winding-up 
or dissolution of the Issuer or the appointment of an examiner or an order is made for the 
Issuer’s bankruptcy (or any analogous proceedings) save for the purposes of amalgamation, 
merger, consolidation, reorganisation or other similar arrangement on terms approved by the 
Trustee; or

--- Page 131 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
122 
 
 
(iv) 
if (a) any other proceedings are initiated against the Issuer under any applicable liquidation, 
bankruptcy, examinership, insolvency, composition, reorganisation, readjustment or other 
similar laws (but excluding the presentation of any application for an administration order) and 
such proceedings are not being disputed in good faith, or (b) an administrative receiver or other 
receiver, administrator or other similar official (not being an administrative receiver or other 
receiver or manager appointed by the Trustee pursuant to the Principal Trust Deed) is appointed 
in relation to the Issuer or in relation to the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or 
assets of the Issuer or (c) an encumbrancer (not being the Trustee or any Receiver or manager 
appointed by the Trustee) shall take possession of the whole or any substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of the Issuer or (d) a distress or execution or other process shall be levied 
or enforced upon or sued out against the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or 
assets of the Issuer (other than, in any such case, by the Trustee or pursuant to any of the 
Transaction Documents or Obligation Documents) or (e) an examiner or other similar official 
is appointed in relation to the Issuer or there is a prohibition on the taking of enforcement action 
by any creditors in relation to the Issuer under Irish insolvency law or regulation and in any of 
the foregoing cases (other than in relation to the circumstances described in (b) where no grace 
period shall apply) such order, appointment, possession or process (as the case may be) is not 
discharged or stayed or does not cease to apply within 30 days; or 
(v) 
if the Issuer initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself (except in accordance 
with paragraph (iii) above) under any applicable liquidation, bankruptcy, examinership, 
insolvency, composition, reorganisation, readjustment or other similar laws or makes a 
conveyance or assignment for the benefit of its creditors generally; or 
(vi) 
if the Issuer is adjudicated or found bankrupt. 
(b) 
The Issuer shall provide written confirmation and/or affirmation to the Trustee, on an annual basis, that 
no Event of Default or Potential Event of Default or other matter which is required to be brought to the 
Trustee’s attention has occurred. 
(c) 
In the event of the security constituted by the Security Documents becoming enforceable following an 
acceleration of the Notes of a particular Series as provided in this Condition 10 (Events of Default), the 
Trustee shall, but in each case without any liability as to the consequence of such action and without 
having regard to the effect of, or being required to account for, such action to, the Secured Creditors, 
have the right to enforce its rights under the Transaction Documents and the Obligation Documents, in 
relation to the relevant Charged Assets in relation to such Series only, provided that the Trustee shall 
not be required to take any action that would involve the Trustee in any liability or expense unless 
previously indemnified to its satisfaction. 
The provisions of the Trust Deed are expressed to apply separately to each Series.  Accordingly, the 
occurrence of an Event of Default under one Series does not per se constitute an Event of Default 
under any other Series. 
The Events of Default may be varied or amended in respect of any Series of Notes as set out in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
11. 
Limited Recourse Enforcement 
If the amounts realised from the Charged Assets in respect of any Series (including, without limitation, 
a realisation of the Security or a sale or redemption of the Underlying Assets and termination of any 
Related Agreement in accordance with these Conditions) are not sufficient to make payment of all 
amounts due in respect of the Notes and/or other Obligations of such Series and all other Secured 
Obligations with respect to that Series including, without limitation any amount due to the relevant 
Counterparty as a result of the termination of any Related Agreement, no other assets of the Issuer will 
be available to meet that shortfall.  Any such shortfall shall be borne in accordance with the relevant 
Order of Priority (applied in reverse order) specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed and/or stated in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms.  Any claim of the Holders of the relevant Series remaining after such 
application shall be extinguished and such Holders will have no further recourse to the Issuer and any

--- Page 132 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
123 
 
 
failure to make any payment in respect of such shortfall shall in no circumstances constitute an Event 
of Default under Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
Only the Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the Trust Deed, the Conditions, the 
Transaction Documents and the Obligation Documents and enforce the rights of the Secured Creditors 
in relation to the Underlying Assets of the relevant Series.  No Secured Creditor is entitled to proceed 
directly against the Issuer or any assets of the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound to proceed 
in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed or, the Security Documents, fails or neglects to do so 
within a reasonable period and such failure or neglect is continuing.  However, the Trustee shall not be 
bound to enforce the Security or pursue the remedies available under the Trust Deed, the Conditions or 
any of the Transaction Documents or any Obligation Documents unless it is indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction and has, if so required by the Conditions, been requested to do so 
by the Instructing Creditor. 
After realisation of the Security in respect of the Notes which has become enforceable and distribution 
of (i) the Liquidation Amount in accordance with Condition 4(d) (Application of Proceeds) or the net 
proceeds thereof and/or (ii) in the case of Physical Settlement, delivery of the relevant Deliverable 
Property, neither the Trustee nor any Secured Creditor (if any) may take any further steps against the 
Issuer or any of its assets to recover any sums and/or, as the case may be, assets due but unpaid and/or 
undelivered in respect of the Notes or other Obligations and the relevant Related Agreement will 
provide that the relevant Counterparty may not take any further steps against the Issuer or any of its 
assets to recover any sums and/or, as the case may be, assets due to it but unpaid and/or undelivered in 
respect of the relevant Related Agreement in respect of the Notes and/or other Obligations and all claims 
against the Issuer in respect of each such sum unpaid and/or undelivered asset shall be extinguished. 
No Secured Creditor may institute against, or join any person in instituting against, the Issuer any 
bankruptcy, winding-up, examinership, re-organisation, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation 
proceeding (except for the appointment of a receiver and manager pursuant to the terms of the Trust 
Deed) or other proceeding (whether court based or otherwise) under any similar law for so long any 
Notes and/or other Obligations are outstanding or (i) for any Issuer incorporated in Ireland for two years 
and one day, or (ii) for any Issuer not incorporated in Ireland for one year and a day, after the latest 
maturing date on which any Note of the Issuer is due to mature.  The Noteholders, Couponholders and 
Receiptholders (if any) and the Secured Creditors accept and agree, and in the relevant Related 
Agreement the relevant Counterparty will accept and agree, that the only remedy of the Trustee against 
the Issuer after any of the Notes or other Obligations of that Series have become due and payable and/or, 
as the case may be, deliverable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default) is to enforce the Security 
for the Notes for the relevant Series created by the fixed charges pursuant to the provisions of the Trust 
Deed or any other Security Document. 
The net proceeds of enforcement of the Security or realisation of the Charged Assets for the relevant 
Series may be insufficient to pay all amounts due to the Secured Creditors in respect of such Series 
in which event claims in respect of all such amounts will be extinguished. 
12. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons (which, for this 
purpose, shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten years 
(in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 7(d) (Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes)) in respect thereof. 
13. 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons, Receipts and Talons 
If any Bearer Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed 
it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws and stock exchange requirements, at the specified office 
of the Principal Paying Agent in London upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in 
connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise 
as the Issuer may require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued.

--- Page 133 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
124 
 
 
14. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver, Authorisation and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modifications and Waiver 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders of a Series to consider 
matters affecting their interests, including the modification by Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Conditions or the provisions of the Trust Deed.  The quorum at any such meeting for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more persons holding or representing not less than one quarter 
of the Principal Amount of the Notes of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding, or, at any 
adjourned such meeting, two or more persons being or representing Noteholders of the relevant Series, 
whatever the Principal Amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that, inter alia, the terms of 
the security and certain terms concerning the amount and currency and the postponement of the due 
dates of payment of the Notes and the Coupons or Receipts (if any) may be modified only by resolutions 
passed at a meeting the quorum at which shall be two or more persons holding or representing three 
quarters, or at any adjourned such meeting, not less than one quarter, in Principal Amount of the Notes 
of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding.  In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or 
on behalf of three quarters of Noteholders who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a 
meeting of Noteholders under the Trust Deed will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution.  
Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders.  An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any 
meeting of the Noteholders will be binding on all Noteholders of the relevant Series, whether or not 
they were present at such meeting, and on Couponholders and Receiptholders (if any).  The Trustee 
may, but without consulting or requiring the consent of the Secured Creditors, determine that an event 
which would otherwise be an Event of Default shall not be so treated but only if and in so far as in its 
opinion the interests of Noteholders shall not be materially prejudiced thereby. 
The Holder of a Global Note will be treated as two persons for the purposes of any quorum 
requirement of a Meeting of Noteholders. 
The Trustee may agree: 
(i) 
with the prior written confirmation and/or affirmation from the Rating Agency or Rating 
Agencies which have assigned a credit rating to the relevant Series or any Notes comprised 
therein that such rating will not be adversely affected (if such Notes are rated); and 
(ii) 
without the consent of the Secured Creditors of any Series, to: 
(A) 
any modification of any of the provisions of the Obligation Documents, Trust Deed or 
the Transaction Documents that is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to 
correct a manifest error or an error which, in the opinion of the Trustee, is proven, or 
to cure any ambiguity, inconsistency or defective provision; 
(B) 
any other modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed) and any waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of any of these Conditions or any of the 
provisions of the Trust Deed or the Transaction Documents or the Obligation 
Documents which, in the opinion of the Trustee, is not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Secured Creditors of that Series (in relation to which it is Trustee); and 
(C) 
any modification, amendment or waiver of any of the provisions of the Obligation 
Documents, Trust Deed or the Transaction Documents which is required to reflect legal 
or regulatory changes as may be required to comply with certain regulations, including 
but not limited to the Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 4 July 2012 on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade 
repositories or any implementing regulation, technical standards and guidance related 
thereto, subject to the receipt of: (1) prior written notice from the Swap Counterparty, 
the Repurchase Counterparty and/or the Securities Lending Counterparty, as 
applicable; and (2) a certificate from the Issuer certifying to the Trustee that the 
requested modification, amendment or waiver is to be made solely for the purpose of

--- Page 134 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
125 
 
 
adapting the Obligation Documents, Trust Deed or the Transaction Documents to any 
legal or regulatory requirements. 
Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Secured Creditors of 
that Series and, if the Trustee so requires, such modification shall be notified to the Secured 
Creditors of that Series and if such Series is listed on Euronext Dublin or the Vienna MTF, and 
such modification is material, Euronext Dublin or Wiener Börse AG (as applicable) as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
(b) 
Authorisation 
The Issuer will not, except as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, exercise any rights in its 
capacity as a holder of, or person beneficially entitled to or participating in the Underlying Assets, 
unless directed to do so by the Trustee and, if such direction is given, the Issuer will act only in 
accordance with such directions.  The Trustee may, but need not, vote provided that it will vote if 
requested to do so by the Instructing Creditor and if the Trustee does vote pursuant to such request, it 
will bear no liability for doing so.  In particular, the Issuer will not attend or vote at any meeting of 
Noteholders of, or other persons interested or participating in, or entitled to the rights or benefits (or a 
part thereof) under, the Underlying Assets or give any consent, waiver, indulgence, time or notification 
or make any declaration in relation to such Underlying Assets unless it shall have been so directed by 
the Trustee in writing. 
(c) 
Substitution 
(i) 
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree: 
(A) 
without the consent of the Secured Creditors; and 
(B) 
if any Notes are rated by a Rating Agency or Rating Agencies subject to the prior 
receipt by the Issuer and the Trustee of written confirmation and/or affirmation from 
such Rating Agency or Rating Agencies that the credit rating of such Notes will not be 
adversely affected; 
to the substitution in place of the Issuer as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and 
the Notes of any other company (incorporated in any jurisdiction); 
(ii) 
In connection with any proposed substitution or change of jurisdiction of the Issuer, the Trustee 
may: 
(A) 
without the consent of the Secured Creditors; and 
(B) 
if any Notes are rated by a Rating Agency or Rating Agencies subject to the prior 
receipt by the Issuer and the Trustee of written confirmation from such Rating Agency 
or Rating Agencies that the credit rating of such Notes will not be adversely affected, 
agree to a change of the law governing the Trust Deed, the Supplemental Trust Deed, any other 
Security Document, the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Talons (if any) provided that 
such change would not in the opinion of the Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of 
the relevant Noteholders or the relevant Counterparty. 
(d) 
Entitlement of the Trustee 
In connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions (including but not limited 
to those in relation to any proposed modification, waiver, authorisation or substitution as aforesaid) the 
Trustee shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Secured Creditors or 
of holders of any other notes or bonds, resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident 
in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory and the Trustee 
shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Secured Creditor be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual 
Secured Creditors.

--- Page 135 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
126 
 
 
(e) 
Prioritised Tranches 
The Supplemental Trust Deed will contain certain provisions relating to meetings, modification, waiver 
and substitution for Prioritised Tranches. 
(f) 
Benchmark Trigger Event 
Where a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark: (i) which is used 
in whole or in part to calculate interest under Condition 6(b) (Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes), or 
(ii) where the Applicable Transaction Terms specify that the Benchmark Provisions shall be applicable, 
the Calculation Agent shall elect to take one of the actions described in Condition 6(b) (Interest Rate 
on Floating Rate Notes) (regardless of whether the Applicable Transaction Terms specify the Notes as 
Floating Rate Notes). 
Any such action shall be binding on all Noteholders and shall be notified by the Issuer as soon as 
reasonably practicable thereafter to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
15. 
Notices 
Notices to holders of Registered Notes will be posted to them at their respective addresses in the 
Register and deemed to have been given on the date of posting.  Other notices to Noteholders will be 
deemed to be validly given if either published in a leading daily newspaper having general circulation 
in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times or, if in the opinion of the Trustee such 
publication shall not be practicable, in an English language newspaper of general circulation in Europe) 
or, if the Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin and the guidelines of that exchange so require, submitted 
to the Companies Announcements Office of Euronext Dublin or if the Notes are listed on the Vienna 
MTF and the guidelines of that exchange so require, submitted to the Wiener Börse AG.  The Issuer 
shall also ensure that all notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and 
regulations of any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system on which the Notes are for 
the time being listed.  Any such notice (other than to holders of Registered Notes as specified above) 
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or submission or, if published more 
than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication or submission is made.  
Couponholders and Receiptholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of 
any notice given to the holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
16. 
Trustee’s Indemnification, Retirement and Removal 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking any action including taking proceedings to 
enforce repayment unless indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction.  The Trustee 
or any of its affiliates is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer, any issuer or 
guarantor of (or other obligor in respect of) any of the securities or other assets, rights and/or benefits 
comprising the Charged Assets or the Secured Creditors or any of their respective subsidiaries or 
associated companies without accounting to the Secured Creditors for any profit resulting therefrom. 
The Trustee, in the absence of negligence, fraud or wilful default, is exempted from any liability in 
respect of any loss, diminution in value or theft of all or any part of the Charged Assets, from any 
obligation to insure all or any part of the Charged Assets (including, in either such case, any documents 
evidencing, constituting or representing the same or transferring any rights, benefits and/or obligations 
thereunder) or to procure the same to be insured or monitoring the adequacy of any insurance 
arrangements and from any claim arising if all or any part of the Underlying Assets (or any such 
document aforesaid) are held in an account with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any 
similar clearing system in accordance with that system’s rules or otherwise held in safe custody by the 
Custodian or a bank or other custodian selected by the Trustee. The Trustee will incur no liability, 
vicarious or otherwise, for any actions or inactions of the Custodian. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Principal Trust Deed, the Trustee may retire upon the giving of three 
months’ notice to the Issuer and each Secured Creditor or may be removed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution (or relevant Obligee, in the case of Obligations other than Notes, in accordance with the 
Obligation Documents) with the prior written consent of the Counterparty which will be at the cost of

--- Page 136 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
127 
 
 
the Holders of the Notes of the relevant Series.  In such circumstances, the Issuer shall procure the 
appointment of a new trustee as soon as reasonably practicable and such retirement or removal shall not 
become effective until a successor trustee has been appointed in accordance with the terms of the 
Principal Trust Deed. 
17. 
Governing Law 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Trust Deed, the Supplemental Trust Deed, the Notes, the Coupons, the Receipts and the Talons (if 
any) and the Agency Agreement, and any rights and obligations arising therefrom, and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Supplemental Trust 
Deed, the Notes, the Coupons, the Receipts and the Talons (if any) and the Agency Agreement and any 
dispute, controversy, proceedings or claims of whatever nature arising out of or in any way relating to 
the Trust Deed, the Supplemental Trust Deed, the Notes, the Coupons, the Receipts and the Talons (if 
any) and the Agency Agreement, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
Any Supplemental Security Document will be governed by and construed in accordance with the law 
specified therein. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or 
proceedings (including any non-contractual obligations that may arise out of or in connection with any 
Notes), and to settle any disputes, which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes (respectively, 
“Proceedings” and “Disputes”) and, for such purposes, the Issuer has in the Trust Deed irrevocably 
submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Waiver 
The Issuer has, in the Trust Deed, irrevocably waived any objection which it might now or hereafter 
have to the courts of England being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any Proceedings and 
to settle any Disputes and agrees not to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate 
forum. 
(d) 
Process agent 
Each Issuer has irrevocably appointed a process agent in England to receive, for it and on its behalf, 
service of process in any Proceedings in England. Each of Premium Green PLC and PREMIUM Plus 
p.l.c. has agreed that the process by which any Proceedings are begun may be served upon it by being 
delivered to Cheeswrights Notaries Public, 107 Leadenhall Street, London EC3A 4AF, United 
Kingdom or its other registered office for the time being. The relevant process agent for any other Issuer 
shall be set out in the relevant Deed of Accession and/or Supplemental Trust Deed. If any such person 
is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of process on the Issuer’s behalf, the Issuer 
shall, on the written demand of the Trustee, appoint a further person in England to accept service of 
process on its behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, the Trustee shall be entitled to 
appoint such a person by written notice to the Issuer. Nothing contained herein shall affect the right of 
any Secured Creditor to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
(e) 
Third Party Rights 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes or the Trust Deed under 
the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
18. 
Representations and Acknowledgements 
Each Noteholder (being in the case of Notes held by a nominee or held in a clearing system, the 
beneficial owner of the Notes), by subscribing for or purchasing the Notes or an interest in the Notes, 
confirms that all of the following statements with respect to that Noteholder are true and correct on the 
date of the subscription or purchase of the Notes:

--- Page 137 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
128 
 
 
(a) 
In the case of Notes generally: 
(i) 
The Noteholder is solely responsible for making its own independent appraisal of and 
investigation into the Issuer and any member of the Crédit Agricole group of companies (the 
“Group”). Except for the publication of the Base Prospectus and any supplements thereto, the 
Noteholder does not and will not rely on the Issuer or any member of the Group to provide it 
with any additional information relating to the Issuer or any member of the Group. 
(ii) 
The Noteholder’s purchase of the Notes (i) is fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives 
and condition, (ii) complies with all applicable investment policies, guidelines and restrictions, 
and (iii) is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and potentially 
substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes.  The Noteholder has taken 
sufficient independent professional advice, as appropriate, to make its own evaluation of the 
legality, merits and risks of investment in the Notes. 
(iii) 
The Noteholder is not relying on any communication (written or oral) from the Issuer or any 
member of the Group as investment advice or as a recommendation to purchase the Notes. 
(iv) 
The Noteholder acknowledges that neither the Issuer nor any member of the Group is acting as 
a fiduciary or adviser or as an agent of the Noteholder in respect of the Notes. 
(v) 
The Noteholder’s subscription or purchase of the Notes is lawful under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation and the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), and such 
subscription or purchase does not contravene any law or regulation applicable to it. 
(vi) 
The Noteholder acknowledges that no communication (written or oral) received from any 
member of the Group shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results 
or performance of the Notes. The Noteholder acknowledges that the amount of principal to be 
repaid on the Maturity Date may be less than the stated principal amount of the Notes or may 
even be zero. 
(vii) 
The Noteholder acknowledges and agrees that any term sheet with respect to the Notes that it 
received on or prior to the issue date is superseded in its entirety by the Base Prospectus together 
with the Drawdown Prospectus, the Base Listing Particulars together with the Supplemental 
Listing Particulars or the Applicable Transaction Terms, which solely constitute the legally 
binding terms and conditions of the Notes. 
(viii) 
The Noteholder (except where the Noteholder is acting as dealer appointed under the 
Programme) is purchasing the Notes as principal for its own account and/or for subsequent 
transfer to the account of third parties. 
(ix) 
Where a Noteholder is acting as a dealer appointed under the Programme or as a distributor of 
Notes and acquires Notes at a price that is lower than the issue price and/or receives a placement 
fee in relation to a transaction, the dealer or distributor is solely responsible for making adequate 
disclosure to investors as required by applicable law, regulation, rule or best market practice. 
(x) 
In connection with any subsequent transfer of the Notes by the Noteholder to any third party, 
the Noteholder agrees that it will: (i) be solely responsible for assessing the suitability and 
appropriateness of the Notes for that third party; (ii) comply with all relevant laws, regulations 
and rules affecting the transfer and have obtained any governmental or other consents or 
approvals required to sell to the third party (including, without limitation any laws, regulations 
and rules that pertain to “know your customer”, anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism and 
bribery); (iii) not represent itself to be in a partnership, association, joint venture or acting as 
agent with or for the Issuer or any member of the Group in connection with the transfer; 
(iv) ensure that any transferee receives or is given access to sufficient documentation with 
respect to the Notes prior to any transfer; and (v) conduct any transfer in accordance with any 
sales restrictions specified in the Base Prospectus and the Drawdown Prospectus or Base Listing 
Particulars and Supplemental Listing Particulars or Applicable Transaction Terms.

--- Page 138 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
129 
 
 
(b) 
In addition, in the case of Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
The Noteholder is, and will at all times continue to be, responsible for making its own: 
(A) independent appraisal of and investigation into the business, financial condition, prospects, 
creditworthiness, status and affairs of any Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entity, as 
applicable) or Underlying Obligor (collectively referred to as “Relevant Entities”); and (B) its 
own independent appraisal of any obligations of a Relevant Entity that come within the 
definition of “Obligation”, “Reference Obligation”, “Deliverable Obligation” and 
“Underlying Obligation” (collectively referred to as “Relevant Obligations”). 
(ii) 
The Noteholder has not relied, and will not at any time rely, on the Issuer or any member of the 
Group (A) to provide it with any information relating to, or to keep under review on its behalf, 
the business, financial condition, prospects, creditworthiness, status or affairs of any Relevant 
Entity or conduct any investigation or due diligence with respect to the Relevant Entity or any 
Relevant Obligation or (B) to determine whether or not a Credit Event or an event or 
circumstance which, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, could constitute a 
Credit Event. 
(iii) 
In issuing the Notes, the Issuer is not making, and has not made, any representation whatsoever 
as to any Relevant Entity, any Relevant Obligation on which it is relying or is entitled to rely. 
(iv) 
The Noteholder acknowledges that the Notes do not represent or convey any interest in the 
Reference Obligation or in any other Relevant Obligations or any direct or indirect obligation 
of any Relevant Entity to the Noteholder and that the Issuer is not an agent of the Noteholder 
for any purpose. 
(v) 
Each of the Issuer and any member of the Group may (A) deal in any Relevant Obligation; 
(B) accept deposits from, make loans or otherwise extend credit to, and generally engage in any 
kind of commercial or investment banking or other business with, any Relevant Entity, or its 
affiliates or any other person or entity having obligations relating to any Relevant Entity or any 
Relevant Obligation; and (C) act with respect to such business freely and without accountability 
to the Noteholder in the same manner as if the Notes did not exist, regardless of whether any 
such action might have an adverse effect on any Relevant Obligation, any Relevant Entity or 
the Notes or on such Noteholder or otherwise (including, without limitation, any action that 
might give rise to a Credit Event). 
(vi) 
Each of the Issuer and any member of the Group may be, whether by virtue of the types of 
relationships described above or otherwise, at any time, in possession of information in relation 
to any Relevant Obligation or any Relevant Entity which is or may be material in the context 
of the Notes and which is or may not be known to the general public or the Noteholder. The 
Notes do not create any obligation on the part of the Issuer or any member of the Group to 
disclose to the Noteholder any such relationship or information (whether or not confidential) 
and neither the Issuer or any member of the Group shall be liable to the Noteholder by reason 
of such non-disclosure. 
(vii) 
The Noteholder has decided to enter into an investment in the Notes notwithstanding that the 
Issuer or any member of the Group may hold and/or be contractually prohibited from disclosing 
to the Noteholder, by virtue of any agreement or otherwise, the information described in 
Condition 18(b)(vi) above. 
(viii) 
Neither the Issuer nor any member of the Group shall have any liability to the Noteholder and 
the Noteholder waives and releases any claims that it might have against the Issuer or any 
member of the Group, whether under applicable securities law or otherwise, with respect to the 
non-disclosure of any information described in Condition 18(b)(vi) above in connection with 
the Notes; provided however that such information does not and shall not affect the truth or 
accuracy of any representation made by the Issuer to the Noteholders in any agreement entered 
into between the Issuer and Noteholder(s).

--- Page 139 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
130 
 
 
(ix) 
The Noteholder acknowledges that the terms and conditions of the Notes are binding upon it, 
irrespective of the existence or amount of the Issuer’s, the Noteholder’s or any person’s credit 
exposure to any Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entity, as applicable), and the Issuer 
need not suffer any loss or provide evidence of any loss as a result of the occurrence of a Credit 
Event. 
(c) 
Acknowledgment of Bail-In: 
(i) 
Notwithstanding any other term of a given Series of Notes or any other agreement, arrangement 
or understanding between the Issuer and the Noteholders, by its acquisition of any of Notes, 
each Noteholder (which for the purposes of this Condition 18(c) includes each holder of a 
beneficial interest in any Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees: 
(x) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-In Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which may include and result in any of the following, or some 
combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on a permanent basis; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other 
securities or other obligations of Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank, including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the 
terms of any Related Agreements or any other Transaction Documents to 
which Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank is a party, in which case 
the Noteholder agrees that the Issuer may accept in lieu of its rights under any 
such Related Agreements or any other Transaction Documents such shares, 
other securities or other obligations of Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank; 
(C) 
the cancellation of any liability under any Related Agreements or any other 
Transaction Documents to which Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank is a party; 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of any Related Agreement or any other 
Transaction Documents to which Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank is a party, including the suspension of payment for a temporary period; 
and 
(y) 
that the terms of any Related Agreement or any other Transaction Documents to which 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank is subject, may be varied, if necessary, 
to give effect to, the exercise of the Bail-In Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority. 
(ii) 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after 
the exercise of the Bail-In Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank unless, at the time such repayment or payment, 
respectively, is scheduled to become due, such repayment or payment would be permitted to be 
made by Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank under the laws and regulations in 
effect in France and the European Union applicable to Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank. 
(iii) 
Neither a reduction, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the conversion thereof into another 
security or obligation of Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as a result of the 
exercise of the Bail-In Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, nor the exercise of the Bail-In Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Related Agreements or any other Transaction 
Documents to which Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank is a party, will be an event 
of default or otherwise constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the 
Issuer or the Noteholders to any remedies (including equitable remedies) which are hereby 
expressly waived.

--- Page 140 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
131 
 
 
(iv) 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-In Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to 
any Related Agreements or any other Transaction Documents to which Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank is a party, the Issuer will make available a written notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as practicable regarding such 
exercise of the Bail-In Powers. The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent for informational purposes, although the Principal Paying Agent shall not be 
required to send such notice to the Noteholders. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice 
shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-In Powers nor the effects on the Notes 
described in Condition 18(i) above. 
(d) 
In addition, in the case of Index/Formula-Linked Notes: 
The amounts payable in respect of principal and/or interest (as the case may be) are determined by a 
formula linked to the level of an index or formula. Movements in the level of the index may therefore 
adversely affect the amount of principal and/or interest to be repaid to the Noteholder and may also 
adversely affect the market value of the Notes prior to maturity. The amount of principal to be repaid 
on the Maturity Date may be less than the stated principal amount of the Notes or may even be zero. 
(e) 
In addition, in the case of Commodity Linked Notes: 
The amounts payable in respect of principal and/or interest (as the case may be) are determined by a 
formula linked to the value of a commodity.  Movements in the value of the commodity may therefore 
adversely affect the amount of principal and/or interest to be repaid to the Noteholder and may also 
adversely affect the market value of the Notes prior to maturity.  The amount of principal to be repaid 
on the Maturity Date may be less than the stated principal amount of the Notes or may even be zero. 
19. 
Definitions Conditions 
For the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, (unless otherwise specified), the following 
general definitions will apply: 
“a” means the number specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. If “a” is specified as “Not 
Applicable”, a shall be 1. 
“Accrual Factor IN” means, if “Accrual Factor IN” is specified as applicable in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, the Accrual Factor, otherwise 1. 
“Accrual Factor OUT” means, if “Accrual Factor OUT” is specified as applicable in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, the Accrual Factor, otherwise 1. 
“Accrual Factor” means: 
a × n - b × N
N
 
“Actuarial Formula” means: 
Min (Cap; Max {Floor; [1 + Min (X%; Underlying Valuex)]1/4-1} 
“Additional Disruption Event” means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and/or Increased 
Cost of Hedging, in each case unless disapplied in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
“Additional Disruption Event Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(b)(v) 
(Additional Disruption Events). 
“Adjustment Spread” means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the adjustment, if any, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is required in order to: 
(a) 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value from 
the Issuer to the Noteholders, or vice versa, as a result of the replacement made pursuant to 
Condition 6(b) (Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes);

--- Page 141 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
132 
 
 
(b) 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value from 
the Issuer to the Counterparty, or vice versa, in each case that would otherwise arise as a result 
of any changes made to the Related Agreement as a result of the replacement under the Notes 
of the Relevant Rate Benchmark with the Replacement Benchmark Rate; and 
(c) 
reflect any losses, expenses and costs that will be incurred by the Counterparty as a result of 
entering into and/or maintaining and/or unwinding any transactions to hedge the Counterparty’s 
obligations under the relevant Related Agreement, including as a result of any difference 
between the cash flows under the relevant Series of Notes and any transaction in place to hedge 
the Counterparty’s obligations under the relevant Related Agreement which have resulted 
following the occurrence of a Benchmark Trigger Event. 
Any such adjustment may take account of, without limitation, any transfer of economic value as a result 
of any difference in the term structure or tenor of the Alternative Pre-nominated Index, Alternative 
Post-nominated Index or Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index, as applicable, by 
comparison to the Relevant Rate Benchmark. The Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero 
or determined pursuant to a formula or methodology. 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” means (a) the determination by the Calculation Agent, acting in 
a commercially reasonable manner, and based on Benchmark Publicly Available Information that 
reasonably confirms that any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence 
decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Relevant Rate Benchmark or the 
administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Rate Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has 
been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other 
relevant official body, in each case with the effect that the relevant Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any 
other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the Relevant 
Rate Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under or in respect of a Series of Notes, 
and (b) the notification of such determination to the relevant Issuer. 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event Date” means, in respect of a Series of Notes and an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the date on which the authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register is: 
(a) 
required under any applicable law or regulation; or 
(b) 
rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn, if the applicable law or regulation provides that the 
Relevant Rate Benchmark is not permitted to be used for the Series of Notes following rejection, 
refusal, suspension or withdrawal, 
or, in each case, if such date occurs before the Trade Date (or if there is no Trade Date specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, the Issue Date), the Trade Date (or the Issue Date, as the case may be). 
“Affected Agreement” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(b)(iv) (Regulatory Change). 
“Agency Agreement” has the meaning given to it in the introductory section of the Terms and 
Conditions. 
“Agents” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(e) (Appointment of the Agents). 
“Alternative Post-nominated Index” means, in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark, any index, 
benchmark or other price source which is formally designated, nominated or recommended by: 
(a) 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Rate Benchmark, provided that the market or 
economic reality that such index, benchmark or other price source measures is the same as that 
measured by the Relevant Rate Benchmark, 
in each case, to replace the Relevant Rate Benchmark. If a replacement is designated or nominated 
under both sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) above, then the replacement under sub-paragraph (a) shall be the 
Alternative Post-nominated Index.

--- Page 142 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
133 
 
 
“Alternative Pre-nominated Index” means, in respect of an Impacted Index, the first of the indices, 
benchmarks or other price sources specified as an “Alternative Pre-nominated Index” in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms and not subject to a Benchmark Trigger Event. 
“Amounts Due” means any amount payable under any Related Agreement or any other Transaction 
Documents to which Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank is a party to, in accordance with 
the applicable terms thereof. 
“Applicable Formula(Underlyingx, Underlyingy)” in respect of Underlyingx and/or Underlyingy, 
means Formula 1(Underlyingx, Underlyingy), Formula 2(Underlyingx, Underlyingy), Formula 
3(Underlyingx, Underlyingy), or Formula 4(Underlyingx), as specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms, in each case where such formula is applied in respect of Underlyingx, and/or Underlyingy, as 
applicable, provided that for the purposes of Condition 6(c)(ii)(E) (Standard Floating Range Accrual 
Interest Payoff) and Condition 6(c)(ii)(F) (Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest Payoff), references 
in the Applicable Formula(Underlyingx, Underlyingy) to Underlyingx and Underlyingy shall be deemed 
to be references to “Underlyingix” and “Underlyingiy”. 
“Applicable Formula(Global Underlyingx, Global Underlyingy)” in respect of Global Underlyingx 
and/or Global Underlyingy, means Formula 1(Global Underlyingx, Global Underlyingy), Formula 
2(Global Underlyingx, Global Underlyingy), Formula 3(Global Underlyingx, Global Underlyingy), or 
Formula 4(Global Underlyingx), as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, in each case where 
such formula is applied in respect of Global Underlyingx, and/or Global Underlyingy, as applicable. 
“Applicable Transaction Terms” has the meaning given to it in the introductory section of the Terms 
and Conditions. 
“Asset Transfer Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(l)(i) (Procedure). 
“Authorised Denomination” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1(a) (Form and Denomination). 
“Available Proceeds” means: (i) (in the case of an enforcement of the Security constituted by the 
Security Documents or an Underlying Disposal Event) the net proceeds of the realisation of the Charged 
Assets or the Underlying Assets, as the case may be, received by the Trustee or the Issuer, as the case 
may be; (ii) (in the case of an Underlying Early Redemption) the redemption proceeds of the relevant 
Underlying Assets; (iii) (in the case of a Credit Event) the amount specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, (iv) (in the case of Physical Settlement) the Deliverable Property (as defined in 
Condition 7(l)(i)(a)) and/or the Non-Realised Assets (as applied in Condition 7(m) (Method of 
realisation of Underlying Assets or other Securities); (v) any amounts paid by a Counterparty to the 
Issuer pursuant to a Related Agreement; and/or (vi) all other cash sums available to the Issuer or the 
Trustee, as the case may be, derived from the Underlying Assets or the Charged Assets for such Series. 
“b” means the number specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. If b is specified as “Not 
Applicable”, b shall be 0. 
“Bail-In Powers” means any power existing from time to time under any laws, regulations, rules or 
requirements in effect in France, relating to the transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution 
of credit institutions and investment firms (as amended from time to time, the “BRRD”), including 
without limitation pursuant to French decree-law No. 2015-1024 dated 20 August 2015 (Ordonnance 
portant diverses dispositions d’adaptation de la législation au droit de l’Union européenne en matière 
financière) (as amended from time to time, the “20 August 2015 Decree Law”), Regulation 
806/2014/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules 
and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the 
framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation 
1093/2010/EU (as amended from time to time, the “Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation”), or 
otherwise arising under French law, and in each case the instructions, rules and standards created 
thereunder, pursuant to which the obligations of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated 
Entity) can be reduced (in part or in whole), cancelled, suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise 
modified in any way, or securities of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can

--- Page 143 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
134 
 
 
be converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such Regulated Entity or any other 
person, whether in connection with the implementation of the bail-in tool following placement in 
resolution or of write-down or conversion powers before a resolution proceeding is initiated or without 
a resolution proceeding, or otherwise. 
“Barrier1” or “Barrier2” and “Barrier3” shall each mean the number, the percentage or a percentage 
of the Initial Underlying Valuez, as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, and “Barrier” means 
any one of them. 
“Benchmark Administrator” means the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an 
agent) the level or rate of the relevant Underlying Benchmark, as specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms.  
“Benchmark Publicly Available Information” means, in respect of an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event, one or both of the following: 
(a) 
information received from or published by (x) the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark or (y) any national, regional or other supervisory or regulatory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Rate Benchmark or 
regulating the Relevant Rate Benchmark, provided that where any information of the type 
described in sub-paragraphs (x) or (y) above is not publicly available, it can only constitute 
Benchmark Publicly Available Information if it can be made public without violating any law, 
regulation, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such 
information; or 
(b) 
information published in a Specified Public Source (regardless of whether the reader or user 
thereof pays a fee to obtain such information). 
In relation to any information of the type described in sub-paragraph (a) above, the Calculation Agent 
may assume that such information has been disclosed to it or its affiliates without violating any law, 
regulation, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such 
information and that the party delivering such information has not taken any action or entered into any 
agreement or understanding with the administrator or sponsor or any relevant national, regional or other 
supervisory or regulatory authority that would be breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such 
information to the Calculation Agent or its Affiliates. 
“Benchmark Trigger Event” means that one or more of the following has occurred (including where 
any such event or circumstance has occurred prior to the Issue Date): 
(a) 
an Index Cessation Event; 
(b) 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event; 
(c) 
a Relevant Rate Benchmark is, with respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions which 
reference such Relevant Rate Benchmark, the subject of any market-wide development (which 
may be in the form of a protocol by ISDA) pursuant to which such Relevant Rate Benchmark 
is, on a specified date (the “Risk-Free Rate Event Date”), replaced with a risk-free rate (or 
near risk-free rate) established in order to comply with the recommendations in the Financial 
Stability Board’s paper titled “Reforming Major Interest Rate Benchmarks” dated 22 July 2014 
(a “Risk-Free Rate Event”); 
(d) 
in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark, a public statement or publication of information by 
the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Relevant Rate Benchmark announcing 
that (a) the regulatory supervisor has determined that such Relevant Rate Benchmark is no 
longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative of the underlying market 
and economic reality that such Relevant Rate Benchmark is intended to measure and that 
representativeness will not be restored and (b) it is being made in the awareness that the 
statement or publication will engage certain contractual triggers for fallbacks activated by 
pre-cessation announcements by such supervisor (howsoever described) in contracts (a

--- Page 144 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
135 
 
 
“Representative Statement Event” and the date on which the Relevant Rate Benchmark is 
non-representative being the “Representative Statement Event Date”). 
(e) 
If “Material Change Event” is specified to be applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
the definition, methodology or formula for a Relevant Rate Benchmark, or other means of 
calculating the Relevant Rate Benchmark, has materially changed or as of a specified future 
date will materially change (a “Material Change Event” and the date on which the material 
change is effective being the “Material Change Event Date”). 
“Business Day” means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in U.S. dollars, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments generally in New York City; 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day; 
(c) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro or U.S. dollars, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in the principal 
financial centre of the Relevant Currency; and 
(d) 
in any case, in any additional city or cities specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms (an 
“Additional Relevant Business Day”). 
“Calculation Agent” has the meaning given to it in the introductory section of the Terms and 
Conditions. 
“Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index” means, in respect of a Relevant Rate 
Benchmark, the index, benchmark or other price source that the Calculation Agent determines to be a 
commercially reasonable alternative for the Relevant Rate Benchmark. 
“Cap” means the percentage or number specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. If Cap 
is specified as “not applicable”, the Cap shall be infinity. 
“CDS Termination Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(p) (Credit Linked Notes). 
“CEA” means the Commodity Exchange Act. 
“Certificate” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2(b) (Transfer of Registered Notes). 
“Change in Law” means, unless Change in Law is specified as not applicable in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, that, on or after the Trade Date, (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
relevant Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it has become illegal to hold, acquire 
or dispose of relevant hedge positions relating to its obligations under the Notes. 
“Charged Assets” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b) (Security). 
“Clearing System” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(o)(i) (Switch Option). 
“Clearing System Business Day” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(b) (Registered Notes). 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme. 
“Close of Business” means the time specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms, or if no 
such time is specified, 5 p.m. (local time) in the time zone applicable to the relevant Issuer on a Business 
Day. 
“CMS10y10y Formula” means:

--- Page 145 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
136 
 
 
Levelx×Underlying Value 𝑥𝑥-Levely×Underlying Value𝑦𝑦
Levelx-Levely
 
where: 
“Levelx” means: 
If, on the Interest Observation Date: (i) Underlying Value𝑖𝑖 is equal to zero, x, and (ii) if 
Underlying Value𝑖𝑖 is not equal to zero, the result of the following formula: 
Max ቈ൫1.25 × Levely൯, ቆ1-(1+ Underlying Valuex)-x
Underlying Valuex
ቇ቉ 
“Levely” means: 
If, on the Interest Observation Date: (i) Underlying Valuey is equal to zero, y, and (ii) if the 
Underlying Valuey is not equal to zero, the result of the following formula: 
1-(1+ Underlying Valuey)-y
Underlying Valuey
 
“x” means the number of years of the Designated Maturity specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms for with respect to Underlyingx. 
“y” means the number of years of the Designated Maturity specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms with respect to Underlyingx. 
“Common Depository” means a depository common to the ICSDs. 
“Common Safekeeper” means a common safekeeper for the ICSDs. 
“Counterparty” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a)(i) (Related Agreements). 
“Counterparty Priority” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(d)(i) (Application of Proceeds). 
“Couponholders” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1(b) (Title). 
“Coupons” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1(b) (Title). 
“Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee” means each committee established pursuant to the 
DC Rules for purposes of reaching certain resolutions in connection with Credit Derivative 
Transactions. 
“Credit Derivative Transaction” means any transaction that is identified in the related confirmation 
as a Credit Derivative Transaction or any transaction that incorporates the 2003 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions or the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
“Credit Event” shall have the meaning given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms and/or Swap 
Agreement. 
“Credit Event Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(b)(iii) (Credit Event). 
“Credit Support Annex” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a)(ii) (Related Agreements). 
“Credit Support Document” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a)(i) (Related Agreements). 
“CSB Return Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(d)(i)(A)(1) (Application of 
Proceeds). 
“Custodian” has the meaning given to it in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 146 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
137 
 
 
“Custody Agreement” has the meaning given to it in the introductory section of the Terms and 
Conditions. 
“Cut-off Date” has for each Series of Notes the meaning set out in Conditions 6(p)(ii) to (vi). 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(a) 
if “1/1” is specified, 1; 
(b) 
if “Actual/365”, “Act/365”, “Actual/Actual ISDA” “Actual/Actual” or “Act/Act” is 
specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is 
being made divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of: 
(x) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366; and 
(y) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non leap 
year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if “Actual/365(Fixed)”, “Act/365 (Fixed)”, “A/365/(Fixed)” or “A/365F” is specified, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made 
divided by 365; 
(d) 
if “Actual/360”, “Act/360” or “A/360” is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(e) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30 day months (unless: 
(x) 
the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st of a month, in which case the 
month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30 day 
month; or 
(y) 
the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, in which 
case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30 day 
month)); 
(f) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30 day months, without regard to the date of the first 
day or last day of the Calculation Period) unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, the 
last day of such period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30 day month; and 
(g) 
if “Actual/Actual ICMA” is specified hereon, 
(x) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of 
(A) the number of days in such Determination Period and (B) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and

--- Page 147 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
138 
 
 
(B) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date 
in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
“DC Credit Event Announcement” means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
resolved (in accordance with the DC Rules) that an event that constitutes a Credit Event for purposes 
of the Credit Derivative Transaction has occurred in accordance with and subject to the terms of the 
relevant Swap Agreement. 
“DC Credit Event Question” means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee be convened to resolve (in accordance with the DC Rules) whether an event 
that constitutes a Credit Event for purposes of the Credit Derivative Transaction has occurred. 
“DC Credit Event Question Dismissal” means with respect to the Reference Entity (as specified in 
the relevant Swap Agreement), a public announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has resolved (in accordance with the DC Rules) not to determine 
the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
“DC No Credit Event Announcement” means with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
resolved (in accordance with the DC Rules) that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event 
Question does not constitute a Credit Event for purposes of the Credit Derivative Transaction. 
“DC Rules” means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published by ISDA on 
its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended from 
time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 
“DC Secretary” means ISDA or such other party appointed by ISDA (including in order to replace a 
prior DC Secretary) to serve as secretary of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
“deliver” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(l)(vii) (Definitions). 
“Deliverable Property” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(l)(i)(a) (Procedure). 
“Delivery Expenses” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(l)(iv) (Costs and Expenses). 
“Dematerialised Notes” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1(a) (Form and Denomination). 
“Determination Agent” has the meaning given to it in the introductory section of the Terms and 
Conditions. 
“DFA” or “Dodd-Frank” mean the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
“Disposal Agent” has the meaning given to it in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
“Disputes” has the meaning given to it in Condition 17(b) (Submission to Jurisdiction). 
“Drawdown Prospectus” has the meaning given to it in the introductory section of the Terms and 
Conditions. 
“DTC” means the Depository Trust Company.

--- Page 148 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
139 
 
 
“Early Redemption Amount” means, unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
the Liquidation Amount and/or, in the case of Physical Settlement, the Deliverable Property (as defined 
in Condition 7(l)(i)(a)) and/or the Non-Realised Assets (as applied in Condition 7(m) (Method of 
realisation of Underlying Assets or other Securities)). 
“Early Redemption Date” means the date specified as such in an Early Redemption Notice or as 
otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms and in the case of Partly Paid Notes has 
meaning given to it in Condition 7(o) (Partly Paid Notes). 
“Early Redemption Event” means each of an Underlying Disposal Event, an Underlying Early 
Redemption, a Credit Event, a Regulatory Event and an Additional Disruption Event Redemption 
Event. 
“Early Redemption Event Trigger Date” means the date on which an Early Redemption Notice is 
deemed to have been delivered. 
“Early Redemption Notice” means any notice relating to an Early Redemption Event. 
“EC Treaty” means the Treaty establishing the European Community (signed in Rome on 25 March 
1957), as amended by the Treaty on European Union (signed in Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the 
Treaty of Amsterdam (signed in Amsterdam on 2 October 1997) and the Treaty of Nice (signed in Nice 
on 26 February 2001), as further amended from time to time. 
“Enforcement Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
“euro” means the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the EC Treaty. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
“Eurosystem” means the European System of Central Banks as the term is used by the Governing 
Council of the European Central Bank. 
 “Eurosystem eligible NGN” means an NGN which is intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility, as indicated in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
“Eurosystem eligible NSSGN” means an NSSGN which is intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility, as indicated in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
 “Event of Default” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
“Exercise Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(g) (Redemption at the Option of 
Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options). 
“Existing Series” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(k) (Exchange of Series). 
“Extension Notice” means a notice delivered by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer of the Swap 
Counterparty’s determination (which shall be exercisable in its sole and absolute discretion) that: 
(a) 
a Credit Event has occurred, may occur or may have occurred under the Swap Agreement 
(including, without limitation, in the event of (i) a Potential Failure to Pay, where “Failure to 
Pay” and “Grace Period Extension” are specified as applicable for the purposes of that Swap 
Agreement, or (ii) a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, where “Repudiation/Moratorium” is 
specified as applicable under the Swap Agreement and the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Condition is satisfied); or 
(b) 
a DC Credit Event Question has been delivered with respect to the Swap Agreement in 
circumstances in which no related DC Credit Event Question Dismissal has yet occurred, 
provided that in each case that, at the date of such notice, no Credit Event Trigger Date has yet occurred.

--- Page 149 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
140 
 
 
“FATCA” means the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code), any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof, intergovernmental agreements 
between the United States and other jurisdictions facilitating the implementation thereof and any law 
implementing any such intergovernmental agreement. 
“First Trigger” shall have the meaning given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
“Fixed Rate1”, “Fixed Rate2” and “Fixed Rate3” shall each mean the relevant rate specified as such in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms, and “Fixed Rate” shall mean any of them. 
“Floating Rate Convention” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(n)(i) (Business Day 
Convention). 
“Floor” means the percentage or number specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. If 
Floor is specified as “not applicable”, the Floor shall be minus infinity. 
“Following Business Day Convention” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(n) (Business Day 
Convention). 
“Formula 1(Global Underlyingx, Global Underlyingy)” means, on any day (the “Relevant Day”), the 
result of the following formula applied in respect of Global Underlyingx and Global Underlyingy as 
calculated in respect of such day: 
Levelx×Global Underlying Valuex -Levely×Global Underlying Valuey
Levelx-Levely
 
where:  
“Levelx” means (i) if Global Underlying Valuex is equal to zero, x, and (ii) if the Global 
Underlying Valuex is not equal to zero, the result of the following formula: 
Max ൥൫1.25 × Levely൯, ൭
1-൫1+ Global Underlying Valuex ൯
-x
Global Underlying Valuex
൱൩ 
“Levely” means (i) if Global Underlying Valuey is equal to zero, y, and (ii) if the Global 
Underlying Valuey is not equal to zero, the result of the following formula: 
1-൫1+ Global Underlying Valuey ൯
-y
Global Underlying Valuey
 
“Global Underlying Valuex” means the Underlying Value of Global Underlyingx; 
“Global Underlying Valuey” means the Underlying Value of Global Underlyingy; 
“x” means the Designated Maturity specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms for the 
Underlying Benchmark represented by Global Underlyingx in relation to the Interest Period 
during which the Relevant Day falls; and 
“y” means the Designated Maturity specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms for the 
Underlying Benchmark represented by Global Underlyingy in relation to the Interest Period 
during which the Relevant Day falls. 
“Formula 2(Global Underlyingx, Global Underlyingy)” means, on any day, the result of the following 
formula applied in respect of Global Underlyingx and Global Underlyingy as calculated in respect of 
such day: 
൫1+൫1+Global Underlying Valueα൯
a൯×Global Underlying Valueix- ቀ1+Global 
Underlying Valueβቁ
b
×Global Underlying Valueiy

--- Page 150 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
141 
 
 
where: 
“a” means the number as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
“b” means the number as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
“Global Underlying Valuex” means the Underlying Value of Global Underlyingx; 
“Global Underlying Valuey” means the Underlying Value of Global Underlyingy; 
“Global Underlying Valueα” means the Underlying Value of Global Underlyingα; 
“Global Underlying Valueβ” means the Underlying Value of Global Underlyingβ; 
“Global Underlyingα” means the Underlying Benchmark specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms; and 
“Global Underlyingβ” means the Underlying Benchmark specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
“Formula 3(Global Underlyingix, Global Underlyingiy)” means, on any day, the result of the 
following formula applied in respect of Global Underlyingix and Global Underlyingiy as calculated in 
respect of such day: 
൫1+Global Underlying Valueα൯
a×Global Underlying Valueix- ቀ1+Global Underlying Valueβቁ
b
 
×Global Underlying Valueiy 
where: 
“a” means the number as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
“b” means the number as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
“Global Underlying Valuex” means the Underlying Value of Global Underlyingx; 
“Global Underlying Valuey” means the Underlying Value of Global Underlyingy; 
“Global Underlying Valueα” means the Underlying Value of Global Underlyingα; 
“Global Underlying Valueβ” means the Underlying Value of Global Underlyingβ; 
“Global Underlyingα” means the Underlying specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms; and 
“Global Underlyingβ” means the Underlying specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms. 
“Formula 4(Global Underlyingx)” means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the result of the 
following formula applied in respect of the Underlying Benchmark: 
Delta Level x Delta Underlying Value 
where: 
“Capx” means the level specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
“Delta Level” means Level i – Level i-1 
“Delta Underlying Value” means Global Underlying Valuei-1 – Global Underlying Valuei 
“Floorx” means the level specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms.

--- Page 151 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
142 
 
 
“Level I” means (i) if Global Underlying Valuei is equal to zero, x, and (ii) if the Global 
Underlying Valuei is not equal to zero, the result of the following formula: 
1 − (1 + 𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺 𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈 𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑖𝑖)−𝑥𝑥
𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺 𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈 𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑖𝑖
 
“Level i-1” means (i) if Global Underlying Valuei-1 is equal to zero, x, and (ii) if the Global 
Underlying Valuei-1 is not equal to zero, the result of the following formula: 
1 − (1 + 𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺 𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈 𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑖𝑖−1)−𝑥𝑥
𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺 𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈 𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑖𝑖−1
  
“Observation Datei” means a date specified in respect of the relevant Interest Period or the 
number of Business Days before the Interest Payment Date for the relevant Interest Period, as 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
“Observation Datei-1” means a date specified in respect of the relevant Interest Period or the 
number of Business Days before the first day of the relevant Interest Period, as specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms 
“Global Underlying Valuei” means Global Underlying Valuex observed on Observation 
Datei  subject to a minimum equal to Floorx and a maximum equal to Capx. 
“Global Underlying Valuei-1” means Global Underlying Valuex observed on Observation 
Datei-1 subject to a minimum equal to Floorx and a maximum equal to Capx. 
“Underlying Valueix” means the Underlying Value of Global Underlyingx. 
“x” means the Designated Maturity specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms for the 
Underlying Benchmark represented by Global Underlyingx. 
“Formula 1(Underlyingx, Underlyingy)” means, on any day (the “Relevant Day”), the result of the 
following formula applied in respect of Underlyingx and Underlyingy as calculated in respect of such 
day: 
Levelx×Underlying Valuex-Levely×Underlying Valuey
Levelx-Levely
 
where: 
“Levelx” means (i) if Underlying Valuex is equal to zero, x, and (ii) if the Underlying Valuex is 
not equal to zero, the result of the following formula: 
Max ൥൫1.25 × Levely൯, ൭
1-൫1+ Underlying Valuex൯
-x
Underlying Valuex
൱൩ 
“Levely” means (i) if Underlying Valuey is equal to zero, y, and (ii) if the Underlying Valuey is 
not equal to zero, the result of the following formula: 
1- ቀ1+ Underlying Valueyቁ
-y
Underlying Valuey
 
“Underlying Valuex” means the Underlying Value of Underlyingx; 
“Underlying Valuey” means the Underlying Value of Underlyingy; 
“x” means the Designated Maturity specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms for the 
Underlying Benchmark represented by Underlyingx in relation to the Interest Period during 
which the Relevant Day falls; and

--- Page 152 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
143 
 
 
“y” means the Designated Maturity specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms for the 
Underlying Benchmark represented by Underlyingy in relation to the Interest Period during 
which the Relevant Day falls. 
“Formula 2(Underlyingx, Underlyingy)” means, on any day, the result of the following formula 
applied in respect of Underlyingx and Underlyingy as calculated in respect of such day: 
൫1+൫1+Underlying Valueα൯
a൯×Underlying Valuex- ቀ1+Underlying Valueβቁ
b
×Underlying Valuey 
where: 
“a” means the number as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
“b” means the number as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
“Underlying Valuex” means the Underlying Value of Underlyingx; 
“Underlying Valuey” means the Underlying Value of Underlyingy; 
“Underlying Valueα” means the Underlying Value of Underlyingα; 
“Underlying Valueβ” means the Underlying Value of Underlyingβ; 
“Underlyingα” means the Underlying Benchmark specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms; and 
“Underlyingβ” means the Underlying Benchmark specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
“Formula 3(Underlyingx, Underlyingy)” means, on any day, the result of the following formula 
applied in respect of Underlyingx and Underlyingy as calculated in respect of such day: 
൫1+Underlying Valueα൯
a×Underlying Valuex- ቀ1+Underlying Valueβቁ
b
×Underlying Valuey 
where: 
“a” means the number as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
“b” means the number as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
“Underlying Valuex” means the Underlying Value of Underlyingx; 
“Underlying Valuey” means the Underlying Value of Underlyingy; 
“Underlying Valueα” means the Underlying Value of Underlyingα; 
“Underlying Valueβ” means the Underlying Value of Underlyingβ; 
“Underlyingα” means the Underlying Benchmark specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms; and 
“Underlyingβ” means the Underlying Benchmark specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
“Formula 4(Underlyingx)” means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the result of the following 
formula applied in respect of the Underlying Benchmark: 
Delta Level x Delta Underlying Value 
where: 
“Capx” means the level specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms.

--- Page 153 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
144 
 
 
“Delta Level” means Leveli – Leveli-1 
“Delta Underlying Value” means Underlying Valuei-1 – Underlying Valuei 
“Floorx” means the level specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
“Leveli” means (i) if Underlying Valuei is equal to zero, x, and (ii) if the Underlying Valuei is 
not equal to zero, the result of the following formula: 
1 − (1 + 𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈 𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑖𝑖)−𝑥𝑥
𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈 𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑖𝑖
 
“Leveli-1” means (i) if Underlying Valuei-1 is equal to zero, x, and (ii) if the Underlying Valuei-1 
is not equal to zero, the result of the following formula: 
1 − (1 + 𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈 𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑖𝑖−1)−𝑥𝑥
𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑔𝑔 𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑉𝑖𝑖−1
  
“Observation Datei” means a date specified in respect of the relevant Interest Period or the 
number of Business Days before the Interest Payment Date for the relevant Interest Period, as 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
“Observation Datei-1” means a date specified in respect of the relevant Interest Period or the 
number of Business Days before the first day of the relevant Interest Period, as specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
“Underlying Valuei” means Underlying Valuex observed on Observation Datei subject to a 
minimum equal to Floorx and a maximum equal to Capx. 
“Underlying Valuei-1” means Underlying Valuex observed on Observation Datei-1 subject to a 
minimum equal to Floorx and a maximum equal to Capx. 
“Underlying Valuex” means the Underlying Value of Underlyingx. 
“x” means the Designated Maturity specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms for the 
Underlying Benchmark represented by Underlyingx. 
“Formula Result” means the result of the relevant Underlying Formula specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
“Fractional Entitlement” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(l)(iii) (Fractional Entitlement). 
“Further Tranche” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1(c) (Fungible Tranches of Notes 
comprising a Series). 
“Further Underlying Assets” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1(c) (Fungible Tranches of 
Notes comprising a Series). 
“Global Underlying” means any Underlying Benchmark specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms, if applicable. 
“Global Underlyingx” or “Global Underlyingy” means any Underlying Benchmark specified as such 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms, if applicable. 
“Global Underlying Value” means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of the Global Underlying Benchmark on an Interest Observation Date; 
or 
(b) 
if a combination of a Global Underlyingx and a Global Underlyingy is specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms:

--- Page 154 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
145 
 
 
 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Global Underlyingx and the Underlying Value 
of such Global Underlyingy, if “Addition” is specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Global Underlyingx and Global 
Underlyingy; or 
 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Global Underlyingx 
and the Underlying Value of such Global Underlyingy, if “Subtraction” is specified in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of 
Global Underlyingx and Global Underlyingy; or 
 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Global Underlyingx by the Underlying 
Value of such Global Underlyingy, if “Multiplication” is specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Global Underlyingx 
and Global Underlyingy; or 
 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Global Underlyingx by the Underlying 
Value of such Global Underlyingy, if “Division” is specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Global Underlyingx 
and Global Underlyingy; or 
 
the result of Applicable Formula(Global Underlyingx, Global Underlyingy), if 
“Applicable Formula” is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Global Underlyingx and Global Underlyingy. 
“Group” has the meaning given to it in Condition 18(a)(i) (Representations and Acknowledgements). 
“Hedging Disruption” means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, that the relevant Issuer, is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (I) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk including but not limited 
to the currency risk of the relevant Issuer, (if applicable), in issuing and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Notes, or (II) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
“holder” and “Holder” have the meanings given to it in Condition 1(b) (Title). 
“i” means a number, which corresponds to an item specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms. 
“ICSD” means any or each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
“ICSD Agreement” has the meaning given to it in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
 “Impacted Index” means in respect of the Notes, the index, benchmark or other price source 
(howsoever described) specified as an “Impacted Index” in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means, unless Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as not applicable 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms, that the relevant Issuer would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other 
than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without 
limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the relevant Issuer in issuing 
and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred 
solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer shall not be deemed an 
Increased Cost of Hedging. 
“Index Cessation Event” means, in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark, the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events:

--- Page 155 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
146 
 
 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Relevant Rate Benchmark announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Relevant 
Rate Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark; 
(b) 
a public statement by or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Relevant Rate Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Relevant 
Rate Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Relevant 
Rate Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Relevant 
Rate Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Relevant Rate Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the 
Relevant Rate Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the Relevant Rate Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Relevant Rate Benchmark; or 
(c) 
where the Calculation Agent has determined that the Relevant Rate Benchmark is a Priority 
Fallback Benchmark, any event which otherwise constitutes an “index cessation event” 
(regardless of how it is actually defined or described in the definition of the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark) for which the Calculation Agent has determined a Priority Fallback will apply. 
“Information Reporting Regime” means (i) the common standard on reporting and due diligence for 
financial account information developed by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development, bilateral and multilateral competent authority and intergovernmental agreements, and 
treaties facilitating the implementation thereof, and any law implementing any such common standard, 
competent authority agreement, intergovernmental agreement, or treaty (including, to the extent it 
implements or is aligned with such common standard, Council Directive 2011/16/EU on administrative 
cooperation in the field of taxation and any law implementing those aspects of such Council Directive) 
and (ii) FATCA. 
“Initial Observation Date” means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
“Initial Underlying Valuez” means the Underlying Valuez on the Initial Observation Date. 
“Interest Amounts” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(k) (Determination and Publication of 
Interest Rates, Interest Amounts, Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Instalment 
Amounts). 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to an Interest Rate and an Interest Period, the date 
specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if none is so specified, for U.S. dollars, the 
day falling two Business Days in London prior to the first day of such Interest Period, for euro, the day 
falling two Target Settlement Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, for British pound 
sterling, the first day of such Interest Period, or otherwise in accordance with customary market practice 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent. 
“Interest Observation Date” means, with respect to an Interest Observation Period, each date specified 
as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, alternatively, each date falling such number of Business 
Days immediately preceding the first or last day of such Interest Observation Period as specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
“Interest Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from and including 
the date falling such number of Business Days specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
immediately preceding the first day of the relevant Interest Period to and excluding the date falling such 
number of Business Days specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms immediately preceding the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or the period specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms.

--- Page 156 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
147 
 
 
“Interest Observation Period Cut-Off Date” means the date specified as such in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period the period from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date 
to, but excluding, the first or next (as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) Interest Payment 
Date. Thereafter, each Interest Period shall be the period from, and including, each Interest Payment 
Date to, but excluding, the immediately succeeding Interest Payment Date. The final Interest Period 
will end on, and exclude, the date specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or the Scheduled 
Maturity Date (if specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms). 
“Interest Rate” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Note and which 
is either specified in, or calculated in accordance with the provisions of, these Conditions and/or the 
Applicable Transaction Terms (subject to exercise of the switch option pursuant to Condition 6(o) 
(Switch Option), if specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction Terms). 
“Interim Measures” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(p)(vi) (Benchmark Provisions). 
“Inverse Floater Interest” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(c)(ii)(B) (Inverse Floater Interest 
Payoff). 
“Inverse Floater Interest Payoff Conditions” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(c)(ii)(B) 
(Inverse Floater Interest Payoff). 
“Investment Company Act” means the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
“ISDA Definitions” means in respect of a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as may be 
amended or supplemented from time to time) as published by ISDA in effect as at the date on which 
the relevant Notes are issued, unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
“ISDA Rate” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(b)(ii) (Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes). 
“Issue Date” means the date of issue of the Notes. 
“Leverage” means the percentage or number specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this may have a positive or a negative value or, in the case of a number, 
may be one (1). 
“Liquidation Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(d)(iv) (Application of Proceeds). 
“Local Clearing System Rules” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1(a) (Form and 
Denomination). 
“Longstop Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(l)(ii) (Illegality or Impossibility). 
“Lower Limiti” means in respect of a Range Accrual Day in an Interest Observation Period, the 
percentage, number or a percentage of a previous Underlying Value as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms and corresponding to an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, to Underlyingix and 
Underlyingiy), which specification may be of the following type: 
Range Accrual Day 
Lower Limiti 
First Range Accrual Day 
[Fixed percentage or number] 
Subsequent Range Accrual Days 
[percentage] of Underlying Valuei on 
the 
immediately 
preceding 
Range 
Accrual Day

--- Page 157 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
148 
 
 
“Margin”, “Margin1” or “Margin2” means the percentage or number specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, this may have a positive or negative value or, in the 
case of a number, be zero (0). 
“Mark-to- Market Trigger Condition” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(b)(i)(D) 
(Underlying Disposal Event). 
“Mark-to Market Trigger Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(b)(i)(D) (Underlying 
Disposal Event). 
“Mark-to-Market Trigger Percentage” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(b)(i)(D) 
(Underlying Disposal Event). 
“Master Schedule” has the meaning given to it in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
“Maturity Date Extension Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(p) (Credit Linked Notes). 
“Maturity Date” means the final date (falling after the Scheduled Maturity Date) on which the principal 
amount of the Note is due and payable. 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(n) 
(Business Day Convention). 
“n” means the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Observation Period in respect of 
which each Underlying Valuei is within the Underlying Valuei Range, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. For the purposes hereof, (and where Range Accrual Days are expressed in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms as falling on calendar days which may not be Business Days) the Underlying Value 
in respect of any Range Accrual Day which is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be the Underlying 
Value in respect of either the immediately preceding or the immediately following Business Day, as 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
“N” means the total number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Observation Period, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Negative Interest” means any amount of negative interest payable by the Issuer or the Counterparty 
(as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) pursuant to Clause 5.5 (CSA Cash Account), 5.6 
(Repo Cash Account) or 5.7 (Securities Lending Cash Account) of the Custody Agreement. 
“Net Margin Return Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(d)(i)(A)(2) (Application of 
Proceeds). 
“New Global Note” or “NGN” means a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note in either 
case where the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms indicates that such Note is intended to be issued 
in new global note form. 
“New Series” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(k) (Exchange of Series). 
“Non-Realised Assets” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(n) (Inability to realise Underlying 
Assets). 
“Norwegian CSD” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1(a) (Form and Denomination). 
“Norwegian CSD Rules” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1(a) (Form and Denomination). 
“Norwegian Notes” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1(a) (Form and Denomination). 
“Noteholder” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1(b) (Title). 
“Notes” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1(a) (Form and Denomination). 
“NSS Global Note” or “NSSGN” means a Registered Global Note where the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Terms indicates that such Note is intended to be issued under the new safekeeping structure 
implemented on 30 June 2010 by the ICSDs.

--- Page 158 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
149 
 
 
“Obligation Documents” means, in relation to a Series of Obligations, the Applicable Transaction 
Terms (if any), the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed, the relevant Related Agreement, any Sub 
Custodian Agreement or custody agreement entered into in respect of such Series, the Obligations of 
such Series, any Supplemental Security Documents, if any, entered into in respect of such Series and 
the final form of any other documents entered into by a party or produced in connection with such 
Series. 
“Option Agreement Deadline” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(o)(iii) (Switch Option). 
“Option Exercise Deadline” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(o)(i) (Switch Option). 
“Optional Issuer Call Condition” means, in accordance with the terms of the Related Agreement for 
a Series of Notes where “Optional Issuer Call” is specified as applicable in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms: (i) the Counterparty has elected an optional termination under the Related Agreement (a 
“Counterparty Election Optional Issuer Call”); (ii) the Calculation Agent determines that any other 
event specified as an Optional Issuer Call Condition in the Applicable Transaction Terms in respect of 
the Notes has occurred (a “Calculation Agent Determination Optional Issuer Call”); or (iii) any 
other event specified as an Optional Issuer Call Condition in the Applicable Transaction Terms has 
occurred. 
“Optional Issuer Call Redemption Amount” means, for a Series of Notes, the amount per Note 
specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
“Optional Issuer Call Redemption Date” means, for a Series of Notes, the date specified as such in 
the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
“Optional Issuer Call Settlement” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(f) (Redemption following 
Optional Issuer Call). 
“Optional Issuer Call Settlement Date” means, for a Series of Notes, the date or the dates specified 
as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
“Optional Issuer Call Termination Exercise Cut-off Date” means the date falling 10 Business Days 
prior to the relevant Issuer Call Redemption Date; or any other date specified in the Applicable 
Transactions Terms. 
“Original Tranche” and “Original Tranches” have the meanings given to them in Condition 1(c) 
(Fungible Tranches of Notes comprising a Series). 
“P” means the number or percentage specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
“Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service as 
may be specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, or such other page, section, caption, column or 
other part as may replace the same on that information service or on such other information service, in 
each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the information 
appearing there for the purpose of displaying comparable rates or prices. 
“Paid-up Nominal Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(o) (Partly Paid Notes). 
“Part Payment Amount(s)” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(o) (Partly Paid Notes). 
“Part Payment Date(s)” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(o) (Partly Paid Notes). 
“Part Payment Default Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(o) (Partly Paid Notes). 
“Partial Cash Settlement” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(l)(ii) (Illegality or Impossibility). 
“Participation Interest” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(c)(ii)(H) (Participation Interest 
Payoff). 
 “Participation Interest Payoff Conditions” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(c)(ii)(H) 
(Participation Interest Payoff).

--- Page 159 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
150 
 
 
 “Paying Agents” has the meaning given to it in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
“Physical Delivery Agent” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(l)(i) (Procedure). 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(n) (Business Day 
Convention). 
“Pre-enforcement Waterfall” has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(c) (Prioritised Tranches). 
“Pricing Supplement” has the meaning given to it in the introductory section of the Terms and 
Conditions. 
“Principal Amount” means, in relation to a Note or Series, the original face value thereof less any 
repayment of principal made to the holder(s) thereof in respect of such Note or Series. 
“Principal Paying Agent” has the meaning given to it in the introductory section of the Terms and 
Conditions. 
“Principal Trust Deed” has the meaning given to it in the introductory section of the Terms and 
Conditions. 
“Priority Fallback Benchmark” means, in respect of the Notes, any Relevant Rate Benchmark to 
which the Calculation Agent determines a “Priority Fallback” would apply under the terms of any Rate 
Hedge Transaction. 
“Priority Fallback” means, in respect of a Priority Fallback Benchmark, any fallback which the 
Calculation Agent determines would be a “Priority Fallback” under the terms of a Rate Hedge 
Transaction. 
“Proceedings” has the meaning given to it in Condition 17(b) (Submission to Jurisdiction). 
“Qualified Institutional Buyer” or “QIB” means a “qualified institutional buyer” within the meaning 
of Rule 144A. 
“Qualified Purchaser” or “QP” means a purchaser as defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment 
Company Act. 
“Rating Agency Confirmation” means with respect to any specified action or determination, receipt 
of written confirmation by a Rating Agency, for so long as any Series of Notes are outstanding and 
rated by the Rating Agency, that such specified action or determination will not result in the reduction 
or withdrawal of the Rating Agency’s then-current ratings on such Series of Notes. 
“Range1”, Range2”, “Range3” means one of the following (as specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms): 
 
a range being (A) (i) greater than or equal to, or (ii) greater than, or (iii) lower than or equal to, 
or (iv) lower than, the Lower Limit and/or (B) (i) greater than or equal to, or (ii) greater than, 
or (iii) lower than or equal to, or (iv) lower than, the Upper Limit; or 
 
any other range specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms, 
and “Range” means any one of them. 
“Range Accrual Day” means, with respect to an Interest Observation Period and an Underlyingi (or, 
as applicable, an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy), each date specified as a Range Accrual Day in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms, which may be each Business Day, each calendar day, each calendar day 
or Business Day within a week, each calendar day or Business Day within a month, or any other day, 
falling within such Interest Observation Period. 
“Rate Hedge Transaction” means a transaction entered, or which would be entered, into on market 
standard terms and at arm’s length with a leading dealer in the relevant market and pursuant to which 
the Issuer’s risk in respect of its payment obligations linked to any Relevant Rate Benchmark referenced

--- Page 160 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
151 
 
 
in the Notes is, or would be, hedged and which will, or would, incorporate the ISDA Benchmarks 
Supplement, as published by ISDA (or terms substantially equivalent to the terms thereof). 
“Receiptholders” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1(b) (Title). 
“Receipts” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1(b) (Title). 
“Record Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(b) (Registered Notes). 
“Redemption Amount” means, unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, in 
relation to a Note or Series, the amount of the original face value thereof less any repayment of principal 
made to the Holder(s) thereof in respect of such Note or Series. 
“Reference Banks” means the institutions specified as such or, if none, four (or, if the Relevant 
Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank 
market (or, if appropriate, money market) which is most closely connected with the Relevant Rate as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
“Reference Entity” means the entity or entities specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
and/or Swap Agreement. 
“Register” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1(b) (Title). 
“Registered Note Certificate” means a certificate representing a Noteholder’s entire initial holding of 
Registered Notes in definitive form in substantially the form set out in the Schedule 7 (Form of 
Registered Note Certificate) to the Principal Trust Deed or in such other form as may be set out in the 
relevant Supplemental Trust Deed. 
“Registered Notes” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1(a) (Form and Denomination). 
“Registrar” has the meaning given to it in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
“Regulated Entity” means any entity referred to in Section I of Article L.613-34 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier as modified by the 20 August 2015 Decree Law, which includes certain credit 
institutions, investment firms, and certain of their parent or holding companies established in France. 
“Regulation S” means Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
“Regulation S Global Note” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1(d) (Regulation S and Rule 
144A Global Notes). 
“Regulation S Investor Letter” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2(f)(ii) (Rule 144A Global 
Note to Regulation S Global Note). 
“Regulation S Note” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1(d) (Regulation S and Rule 144A Global 
Notes). 
“Regulatory Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(b)(iv) (Regulatory Event). 
“Related Agreement” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a)(i) (Related Agreements). 
“Relevant Clearing System” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1(a) (Form and Denomination). 
“Relevant Currency” means the currency specified as such or, if none is specified, the currency in 
which the Notes are denominated. 
“Relevant Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(d)(iii) (Early Redemption of Zero Coupon 
Notes). 
“Relevant Entities” has the meaning given to it in Condition 18(b) (Representations and 
Acknowledgements).

--- Page 161 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
152 
 
 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to any Note, to be the financial centre as may be 
specified as such or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which the Relevant Rate is most 
closely connected as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Relevant Market Data” means, in relation to any determination, any relevant information including, 
without limitation, one or more of the following types of information: 
(a) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant market supplied by one or more 
third parties including, without limitation, alternative benchmarks, relevant rates, prices, yields, 
yield curves, volatilities, spreads, correlations or other relevant market data in the relevant 
market; or 
(b) 
information of the type described in sub-paragraph (a) above from internal sources (including 
any of the Calculation Agent’s affiliates) if that information is of the same type used by the 
Calculation Agent for adjustments to, or valuations of, similar transactions. 
Relevant Market Data will include information pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) above unless that 
information is not readily available or, if used to make a determination, would produce a result that is 
not commercially reasonable. Third parties supplying market data pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) above 
may include, without limitation, central counterparties, exchanges, dealers in the relevant markets, 
end-users of the relevant product, information vendors, brokers and other recognised sources of market 
information. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Relevant Rate Benchmark is denominated or any 
central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark or the administrator of the Relevant Rate Benchmark; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (w) the central bank for 
the currency in which the Relevant Rate Benchmark is denominated, (x) any central bank or 
other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Relevant Rate Benchmark or 
the administrator of the Relevant Rate Benchmark, (y) a group of those central banks or other 
supervisors or (z) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Relevant Obligations” has the meaning given to it in Condition 18(b) (Representations and 
Acknowledgements). 
“Relevant Rate” means the offered rate for a Representative Amount of the Relevant Currency for a 
period (if applicable) equal to the Specified Duration (or such other rate as shall be specified in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms); 
“Relevant Rate Benchmark” means, in respect of the Notes: 
(a) 
the Relevant Screen Page (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is 
referred to in the Relevant Screen Page) as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
(b) 
the Floating Rate Option (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is 
referred to in the Floating Rate Option) as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms; 
(c) 
the Impacted Index (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is referred 
to in the Impacted Index) as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms; or 
(d) 
any other index, benchmark or price source specified as a “Relevant Rate Benchmark” in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms. 
To the extent that (i) any index, benchmark or price source comprising the Priority Fallback, (ii) the 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index, (iii) the Alternative Post-nominated Index or (iv) the Calculation 
Agent Nominated Replacement Index, applies pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Interest Rate on Floating 
Rate Notes) above, as applicable, it shall be a Relevant Rate Benchmark from the day on which it first 
applies.

--- Page 162 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
153 
 
 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de resolution (the 
“ACPR”), the Single Resolution Board established pursuant to the Single Resolution Mechanism 
Regulation, and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Bail-In 
Powers from time to time (including the Council of the European Union and the European Commission 
when acting pursuant to Article 18 of the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation). 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the screen page specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
“Relevant Time” means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if none is specified, the local time 
in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect 
of deposits in the relevant currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre. 
“Remaining Repurchase Counterparty Claim Amount” has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 4(d)(i)(A)(2) (Application of Proceeds).  
“Remaining Securities Lending Counterparty Claim Amount” has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 4(d)(i)(A)(3) (Application of Proceeds).  
“Remaining Swap Counterparty Claim Amount” has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 4(d)(i)(A)(1) (Application of Proceeds).  
“Replacement Benchmark Rate” means, in respect of a Benchmark Rate, an index, benchmark or 
other price source that the Calculation Agent determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative 
for such Relevant Rate Benchmark, provided that the Replacement Benchmark Rate must be (i) a 
Priority Fallback Benchmark; (ii) an Alternative Pre-nominated Index; (iii) an Alternative 
Post-nominated Index; or (iv) a Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index. 
“Repo Purchased Securities” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a)(iii) (Related Agreements). 
“Representative Amount” means, with respect to any rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the amount specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as such or, if none is 
specified, an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the time. 
“Repurchase Agreement” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a)(i) (Related Agreements). 
“Required Custodian Rating” means in respect of the Custodian and a Series of Notes having a then 
current rating above that of the Custodian (i) a short term senior unsecured debt rating of at least “Prime-
1” from Moody’s; and (ii) a long term senior unsecured debt rating of at least “A” from Standard & 
Poor’s, provided that if the Custodian only has a long term senior unsecured debt rating of “A” from 
Standard & Poor’s, a short term senior unsecured debt rating of at least “A-1” from Standard & Poor’s 
is also required; or (iii) such other lower rating required by any of the Rating Agencies in relation to a 
Series of Notes or Obligations; 
“Required Principal Paying Agent Rating” means in respect of the Principal Paying Agent and a 
Series of Notes having a then current rating above that of the Principal Paying Agent (i) a short term 
senior unsecured debt rating of at least “Prime-1” from Moody’s; and (ii) “A-1” from 
Standard & Poor’s; (iii) or such other lower rating required by any of the Rating Agencies in relation to 
a Series of Notes. 
“Reversal Date” the date of the reversal of the relevant Event Determination Date or from which the 
relevant Event Determination Date is otherwise deemed not to have occurred. 
“Rule 144A” means Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 
“Rule 144A Global Note” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1(d) (Regulation S and Rule 144A 
Global Notes). 
“Rule 144A Investor Letter” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2(f)(i) (Regulation S Global 
Note to Rule 144A Global Note).

--- Page 163 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
154 
 
 
“Rule 144A Note” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1(d) (Regulation S and Rule 144A Global 
Notes). 
“Scheduled Maturity Date” means the date specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as the 
scheduled final date on which the principal amount of the Note is due and payable. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means any day on, or, as the case may be, in respect of, which the 
Benchmark Administrator is scheduled to publish the level or rate of such Underlying Benchmark or 
such other day as may be specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
“Second Trigger” shall have the meaning given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
“Secured Creditors” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b) (Security). 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
“Securities Lending Agreement” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a)(i) (Related 
Agreements). 
“Securities Lending Net Margin” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(d)(i)(A)(3) (Application 
of Proceeds).  
 “Securities Lending Net Margin Return Amount” has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 4(d)(i)(A)(3) (Application of Proceeds).  
“Security” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b) (Security). 
 “Security Documents” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b) (Security). 
 “Settlement Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(o) (Partly Paid Notes). 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if 
none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“Specified Duration” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the period or duration specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or, if none is 
specified, a period of time equal to the relative Interest Period. 
“Specified Public Source” means each source specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
(or, if no such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones Newswires, The Wall Street 
Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial 
Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and successor publications, the main 
source(s) of business news in the country in which the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark is incorporated or organised and any other internationally recognised published or 
electronically displayed news sources). 
“Spread” means the percentage or number specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. For 
the avoidance of doubt, this may have a positive or negative value or, in the case of a number, be zero 
(0). 
 “Spread Formula” means: 
Min (Cap; Max {Floor, Leverage x (Underlying Valuex – Underlying Valuey)} plus Margin) 
“Standard Digital Interest” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(c)(ii)(D) (Standard Digital 
Payoff). 
 “Standard Digital Interest Payoff Conditions” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(c)(ii)(D) 
(Standard Digital Payoff). 
“Standard Digital to Participation Interest” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(c)(ii)(C) 
(Standard Digital to Participation Payoff).

--- Page 164 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
155 
 
 
 “Standard Digital to Participation Interest Payoff Conditions” has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 6(c)(ii)(C) (Standard Digital to Participation Payoff). 
“Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(c)(ii)(F) 
(Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest Payoff). 
 “Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest Payoff Conditions” has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 6(c)(ii)(F) (Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest Payoff). 
“Standard Floating Interest” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(c)(ii)(A) (Standard Floating 
Interest Payoff). 
 “Standard Floating Interest Payoff Conditions” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(c)(ii)(A) 
(Application of Proceeds). 
“Standard Floating Range Accrual Interest” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(c)(ii)(E) 
(Standard Floating Range Accrual Interest Payoff). 
 “Standard Floating Range Accrual Interest Payoff Conditions” has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 6(c)(ii)(E) (Standard Floating Range Accrual Interest Payoff). 
“Standard Formula Linked Interest” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(c)(ii)(G) (Standard 
Formula Linked Interest Payoff). 
 “Standard Formula Linked Interest Payoff Conditions” has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 6(c)(ii)(G) (Standard Formula Linked Interest Payoff). 
“Substitution Rate” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(o) (Switch Option). 
 “Substitution Rate Applicable Transaction Terms” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(o)(ii) 
(Switch Option). 
 “Supplemental Security Document” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b) (Security). 
“Supplemental Trust Deed” has the meaning given to it in the introductory section of the Terms and 
Conditions. 
“Suspended Payment Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(b)(vii) (Suspension of 
Payments and Calculations). 
“Swap Agreement” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a)(i) (Related Agreements). 
“Swedish CSD” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1(a) (Form and Denomination). 
 “Swedish CSD Rules” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1(a) (Form and Denomination). 
 “Swedish Notes” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1(a) (Form and Denomination). 
“Switch Option” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(o) (Switch Option). 
 “Switch Option Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(o)(i) (Switch Option). 
“Switch Option Reply” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(o)(ii) (Switch Option). 
 “t” means an integer number corresponding to the relevant Interest Observation Date or Interest 
Observation Period specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
“Talonholders” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1(b) (Title). 
“Talons” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1(b) (Title). 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which the TARGET System is open.

--- Page 165 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
156 
 
 
“TARGET System” means the Trans European Automated Real time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) system or any successor thereto. 
“Third Trigger” shall have the meaning given to it in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
“Trade Date” means the date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
“Tranche” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1(c) (Fungible Tranches of Notes comprising a 
Series). 
“Transfer Agent” has the meaning given to it in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
“Trust Deed” has the meaning given to it in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
“Trustee” has the meaning given to it in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
“U.S. person” has the meaning given to it in Regulation S. 
“Undeliverable Portion” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(l)(ii) (Illegality or Impossibility). 
“Underlying” means an Underlying Benchmark or Underlying Formula, as applicable. 
“Underlyingi” means, an Underlying Benchmark corresponding to an i, as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
“Underlyingix” or “Underlyingiy” means, an Underlying Benchmark bearing the subscript “x” or an 
Underlying Benchmark bearing the subscript “y” respectively, each corresponding to an i, specified as 
such in the Applicable Transaction Terms, if applicable. 
“UnderlyingObservation1” means, with respect to an Interest Period, (a) the level, percentage, number, 
price or amount specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or (b) the Underlying Valuexy on the 
Underlying Observation Date1. 
“UnderlyingObservation2” means, with respect to an Interest Period, (a) the level, percentage, number, 
price or amount specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms or (b) the Underlying Valuexy on the 
Underlying Observation Date2. 
 “Underlyingx” means any Underlying Benchmark specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms. 
“Underlyingy” means any Underlying Benchmark specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms. 
“Underlyingz” means each Underlying Benchmark corresponding to an i, as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms. 
“Underlying Assets” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b) (Security). 
“Underlying Assets Obligor Reference Date” means, for a Series, the date specified as such in the 
Applicable Transaction Terms and/or the Supplemental Trust Deed. 
 “Underlying Assets Reference Rate” means, for a Series, any interest rate, index, benchmark or price 
source by reference to which any amount payable under the Underlying Assets is determined. 
“Underlying Benchmark” means the Underlying Benchmark specified in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms. 
“Underlying Disposal Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(b)(i) (Underlying Disposal 
Event). 
 “Underlying Disposal Event Suspension Period” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(b)(vii) 
(Suspension of Payments and Calculations).

--- Page 166 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
157 
 
 
 “Underlying Early Redemption” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(b)(ii) (Early Redemption 
of Underlying Assets). 
“Underlying Formula” means the Actuarial Formula, the CMS10y10y Formula or the Spread Formula 
(as applicable) as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms. 
“Underlying Observation Date” means Underlying Observation Date1 or Underlying Observation 
Date2. 
“Underlying Observation Date1” or “Underlying Observation Date2” means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, each date specified as such in the Applicable Transaction Terms, which may be, without 
limitation, a date falling such number of Business Days immediately preceding the first or last day of 
such Interest Period as specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, and each such date shall be 
deemed to be an “Observation Date”. 
“Underlying Value” means in respect of any Interest Observation Date or other date of determination 
as specified in these Conditions and/or the Applicable Transaction Terms, the level or rate determined 
in accordance with these Conditions and/or the Applicable Transaction Terms, provided that in respect 
of Condition 6(c)(ii)(E) and Condition 6(c)(ii)(F) if an Interest Observation Period Cut-Off Date is 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms, the Underlying Value in respect of any Range Accrual 
Day falling on or after the Interest Observation Period Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the 
Underlying Value in respect of the Range Accrual Day falling on such Interest Observation Period 
Cut-Off Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be 
equal to zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying 
Value (if any). 
“Underlying Valuei” means, 
 
the Underlying Value of an Underlyingi; or  
 
if a combination of an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy is specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms for the same i: 
 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingiy, if “Addition” is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as 
the relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the 
Underlying Value of such Underlyingiy, if “Subtraction” is specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingix and 
Underlyingiy; or 
 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingiy, if “Multiplication” is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
as the relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingiy, if “Division” is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as 
the relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy. 
“Underlying Valuei Range” means, means the Range specified as such in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms and corresponding to an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, the relevant Underlyingix and 
Underlyingiy). 
“Underlying Valuex” means the Underlying Value of Underlyingx 
“Underlying Valuexy” means: 
 
the Underlying Value of the Underlying Benchmark; or

--- Page 167 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
158 
 
 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlyingx and an Underlyingy is specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms: 
 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingy, if “Addition” is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the 
Underlying Value of such Underlyingy, if “Subtraction” is specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and 
Underlyingy; or 
 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingy, if “Multiplication” is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms 
as the relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingy, if “Division” is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlyingx, Underlyingy), if “Applicable Formula” 
is specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms as the relevant formula for the 
combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy. 
“Underlying Valuey” means the Underlying Value of Underlyingy. 
“Underlying Valuez” means the Underlying Value of the Underlyingz. 
“Unwinding Costs” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(o) (Partly Paid Notes). 
“Upper Limiti” means, in respect of any Range Accrual Day in an Interest Observation Period, the 
percentage, number or a percentage of a previous Underlying Value as specified in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms and corresponding to an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, to Underlyingix and 
Underlyingiy), which may be of the following type: 
Range Accrual Day 
Upper Limiti 
First Range Accrual Day 
[Fixed percentage or number] 
Subsequent Range Accrual Days 
[percentage] of Underlying Valuei 
on the immediately preceding Range 
Accrual Day 
 
“VPS” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1(a) (Form and Denomination). 
“Zero Coupon Yield” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(e) (Interest Rate on Zero Coupon 
Notes).

--- Page 168 ---
Summary of Conditions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
 
 
159 
 
 
SUMMARY OF CONDITIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form will initially be represented by a Temporary Global Note, without 
Coupons, Talons or Receipts, which will be deposited on or about the issue date of the relevant Notes on behalf 
of the subscribers of the relevant Notes (a) if the Applicable Transaction Terms specify that such Temporary 
Global Note issued by Premium Green PLC or PREMIUM Plus p.l.c. is intended to be in NGN form, with a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Safekeeper”), or (b) if the 
Applicable Transaction Terms do not specify that such Temporary Global Note is intended to be in NGN form 
(i) with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”) or 
(ii) in the case of a Series intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as agreed between the Issuer, the Issue Agent, the Trustee and the relevant Dealer.  Interests in a 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, in accordance with its terms, for interests in a permanent global 
note (each a “Permanent Global Note”).  Whilst a Note is in global form, the Noteholder in relation thereto 
shall be the Common Depository or other holder agreed upon as aforementioned.  No interest will be payable 
in respect of a Temporary Global Note, except as provided below. 
The relevant Applicable Transaction Terms will also specify whether the TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D 
Rules are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that 
neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable.  To the extent applicable, the Issuer intends 
to comply with either the TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules. 
Each Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: “Any United States person who 
holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the 
limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.” 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold in 
offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a global note 
in registered form, without Receipts or Coupons (a “Regulation S Global Note”) which will be deposited on or 
about the issue date of the relevant Notes on behalf of the subscribers of the relevant Notes (a) if the Applicable 
Transaction Terms specify that such Regulation S Global Note issued by Premium Green PLC or PREMIUM 
Plus p.l.c. is intended to be in NSSGN form, with a Common Safekeeper or (b) if the Applicable Transaction 
Terms do not specify that such Regulation S Global Note is intended to be in NSSGN form (i) with a Common 
Depositary or (ii) in the case of a Series intended to be cleared through DTC with a custodian for, and registered 
in the name of a nominee of, DTC, or (iii) in the case of a Series intended to be cleared through a clearing system 
other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as agreed between the Issuer, the Issue Agent, the 
Trustee and the relevant Dealer. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche may only be offered and sold in the United States or to U.S. persons in 
private transactions to QIBs who are also Qualified Purchasers.  See “Transfer Restrictions”.  The Registered 
Notes of each Tranche sold to QIBs will be represented by a global note in registered form, without Receipts or 
Coupons (a “Rule 144A Global Note” and, together with a Regulation S Global Note, the “Registered Global 
Notes”), which will be deposited on or about the issue date of the relevant Notes on behalf of the subscribers of 
the relevant Notes (a) if the Applicable Transaction Terms specify that such Rule 144A Global Note issued by 
Premium Green PLC or PREMIUM Plus p.l.c. is intended to be in NSSGN form, with a Common Safekeeper 
or (b) if the Applicable Transaction Terms do not specify that such Rule 144A Global Note is intended to be in 
NSSGN form (i) with a Common Depositary or (ii) in the case of a Series intended to be cleared through DTC 
with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC or (iii) in the case of a Series intended to 
be cleared through a clearing system other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as agreed 
between the Issuer, the Issue Agent, the Trustee and the relevant Dealer. 
General 
The Global Notes contain provisions which apply to the Notes while they are in global form, some of which 
modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus.  A summary of those 
provisions is set out below:

--- Page 169 ---
Summary of Conditions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
 
 
160 
 
 
(a) 
Exchange of Temporary Global Note 
Each Temporary Global Note is exchangeable in whole or in part for interests in a Permanent Global 
Note on or after the date which is 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all of the Notes of 
the relevant Tranche (as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer) (the “Distribution 
Compliance Period”) upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the 
Temporary Global Note. 
Each Permanent Global Note is exchangeable in whole but not in part for the corresponding Definitive 
Notes described below (or as otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Terms) or, if so 
specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms, for Registered Notes in definitive form or for a 
combination of Definitive Notes and Registered Notes in definitive form if: 
(i) 
any Note of the relevant Series becomes immediately redeemable following the occurrence of 
an Event of Default or Early Redemption Event and enforcement of the Charged Assets of such 
Series in relation thereto; or 
(ii) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (or any other relevant clearing system) (as 
applicable) is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
legal holidays) or announces an intention to cease business permanently or in fact does so, 
and each Issuer shall bear the cost and expense of the exchange. 
On or after any Exchange Date (as defined below), the bearer of a Permanent Global Note may surrender 
it to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent. 
In exchange for a Permanent Global Note, each Issuer will deliver or procure the delivery of, an equal 
aggregate principal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes (and/or, where 
applicable, Registered Note Certificates) corresponding thereto (having attached to them all Coupons 
and, where applicable, Receipts, in respect of principal and interest which has not already been paid on 
such Permanent Global Note and, where required, a Talon), security printed in accordance with any 
applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Principal 
Trust Deed.  On exchange in full of the Permanent Global Note, such Permanent Global Note will be 
cancelled. 
“Exchange Date” means a day falling not less than 60 days after that on which the notice requiring 
exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office of 
the Principal Paying Agent is located and in the cities in which the relevant clearing system is located. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be issued 
in Authorised Denomination(s) only.  A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the 
minimum Authorised Denomination will not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding and 
would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more 
Authorised Denominations. 
(b) 
Exchange of Registered Global Note 
Each Registered Global Note is exchangeable in whole but not in part for registered note certificates in 
definitive form (the “Registered Note Certificates”) at the cost and expense of each Issuer if (a) any 
Note becomes immediately redeemable following the occurrence of an Event of Default or Early 
Redemption Event and enforcement of the Charged Assets of such Series in relation thereto or 
(b) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC or any other relevant clearing system, as applicable, 
is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or have 
announced an intention to cease business permanently or in fact have done so or (c) if the Registered 
Global Note is held on behalf of DTC and DTC notifies the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to 
continue as depositary with respect to the Registered Global Note or DTC ceases to be a “clearing 
agency” registered under the Exchange Act or is at any time no longer eligible, or is unwilling or unable 
to continue, to act as such, and the Issuer is unable to locate a qualified successor within 90 days of 
receiving notice of such ineligibility on the part of DTC.

--- Page 170 ---
Summary of Conditions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
 
 
161 
 
 
Whenever a Registered Global Note is to be exchanged for Registered Note Certificates, each Issuer 
will deliver or procure the prompt delivery of an equal aggregate principal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Registered Note Certificates, registered in such names as the Paying Agent shall specify, 
to the Registrar (and in any event within five business days (as defined below) of receipt by the Paying 
Agent of the Registered Global Note and any further information required to complete, authenticate and 
deliver such Registered Note Certificates) against the surrender by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC (or any other relevant clearing system), as applicable, of the Registered Global 
Note at the specified office of the Paying Agent, all in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement, the Principal Trust Deed and the Terms and Conditions.  In this paragraph, “business day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign currencies) in the cities in which the Paying Agents and the Registrar has 
its specified office. 
The Registered Note Certificates shall be in substantially the same form provided in the Principal Trust 
Deed save that the legend thereon shall read as provided in the Registered Global Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of a Temporary Global Note 
No payment falling during the Distribution Compliance Period of the relevant Tranche (as determined 
and certified by the relevant Dealer) will be made on a Temporary Global Note unless exchange for an 
interest in a Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused.  Payments on any Temporary 
Global Note during the Distribution Compliance Period of the relevant Tranche will only be made 
against presentation of certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the relevant 
Temporary Global Note.  Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes represented by a 
Permanent Global Note will be made against presentation for endorsement (unless in the case of a 
Permanent Global Note issued by Premium Green PLC or PREMIUM Plus p.l.c., whereby the 
Applicable Transaction Terms specify that such Note is intended to be in NGN form) and, if no further 
payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes represented thereby, surrender of such Permanent 
Global Note to, or to the order of, the Principal Paying Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall have 
been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose.  On any payment so made in respect of any Notes 
represented by Global Notes: 
(i) 
if the Applicable Transaction Terms specify that such Global Note issued by Premium Green 
PLC or PREMIUM Plus p.l.c. is intended to be a New Global Note, details of such payment 
shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant Clearing Systems, whereupon the 
nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant Clearing Systems and 
represented by this Global Note shall be reduced by the amount of such payment (in the case 
of principal only); or 
(ii) 
if the Applicable Transaction Terms specify that such Global Note issued by an Issuer is not 
intended to be a New Global Note, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each 
Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made 
in respect of the Notes. 
Payments due in respect of Notes for the time being represented by a Global Note shall be made to the 
bearer of the Global Note and each payment so made will discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect 
thereof.  Any failure to make the entries referred to above shall not affect such discharge. 
(d) 
Payments in respect of a Registered Global Note 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in 
the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the nominee of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC (or any other relevant clearing system), as applicable, as the registered holder of 
the Registered Global Notes.  None of the Issuers, any Paying Agent and the Registrar will have any 
responsibility of liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on 
account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising 
or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.

--- Page 171 ---
Summary of Conditions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
 
 
162 
 
 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Note Certificates will, 
in the absence of provisions to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the 
relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 8(b) (Registered Notes)) immediately preceding the due 
date for payment in the manner provided herein. 
(e) 
Notices 
Until such time as any Definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as Global Notes representing the 
Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the 
Depository Trust Company and/or any other relevant clearing system, be substituted for such 
publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or the Depository Trust Company and/or any other relevant clearing system for 
communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed 
on a stock exchange and the guidelines of that stock exchange or other relevant authority so require, 
such notice will be published either in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places 
required by that stock exchange or other relevant authority, or submitted to the Companies 
Announcements Office of Euronext Dublin (for example, in the case of Notes listed on Euronext 
Dublin) or Wiener Börse AG (for example, in the case of Notes listed on the Vienna MTF).  Any such 
notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or the Depository Trust Company and/or any other relevant clearing system or, if such 
publication is required on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
(f) 
Prescription 
Claims against any Issuer in respect of principal and interest on the Notes of any Series while such 
Notes are represented by a Global Note will become void unless presented for payment within a period 
of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate due 
date. 
(g) 
Meetings 
The holder of a Global Note will be treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum 
requirements of a meeting of Noteholders whose Notes are represented thereby and, at any such 
meeting, as having one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the 
Notes. 
(h) 
Purchase and Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note required by the Conditions to be cancelled following its purchase will be 
effected by reduction in the principal amount of the relevant Temporary or Permanent Global Note or 
Registered Global Note. 
(i) 
Recognition of Interests 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note 
held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC or any other relevant clearing 
system, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC) who is for the time 
being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as the holder of a 
particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the 
account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) 
shall be treated by each of the Issuers, the Agents and the Trustee as the holder of such nominal amount 
of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such 
nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated 
by each of the Issuers, the Agents and the Trustee as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes 
in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions 
“Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.  In 
determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of Notes as aforesaid, 
the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall, in its absolute

--- Page 172 ---
Summary of Conditions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
 
 
163 
 
 
discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or certification shall, 
in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Registered Global Note registered in the name of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (or any other relevant clearing system) or its 
nominee, each person who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC (or any other relevant clearing system) or its nominees as the holder of a 
particular nominal amount of such Notes shall be treated by each of the Issuers, the Agents and the 
Trustee as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to 
the payment of principal or interest on, or voting, giving consents or making requests in respect of, such 
nominal amount of such Notes for which purpose Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
DTC (or any other relevant clearing system) or its nominees or, in the case of payments only, its 
nominee shall be treated by each of the Issuers, the Agents and the Trustee as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of such Registered Global Note, and 
the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly.  In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of 
Notes as aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it 
shall, in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or 
certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned.

--- Page 173 ---
Book-Entry Clearance Procedures 
 
 
164 
 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE PROCEDURES 
The information set out below has been obtained from the entities listed below and each of the Issuers believes 
to be reliable, but prospective investors are advised to make their own enquiries as to such procedures.  In 
particular, such information is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (together, the “Clearing Systems”) currently in 
effect and investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are therefore advised to confirm 
the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System.  Each of 
the Issuers accepts responsibility for the correct reproduction of the information contained in this Section and 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as they are aware and are able to 
ascertain from publicly available sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. None of the Issuers, the Trustee, the Arranger, the Dealers or any Agent 
party to the Agency Agreement (or any Affiliate of any of the above, or any person by whom any of the above is 
controlled for the purposes of the Securities Act), will have any responsibility for the performance by the 
Clearing Systems or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective 
obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations or for the sufficiency for any purpose of 
the arrangements described below. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC 
Custodial and depositary links have been established with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC to 
facilitate the initial issue of the Notes and transfers of the Notes associated with secondary market trading. (See 
“Settlement and Transfer of Interests in Global Notes” below). 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC each hold securities for their customers and facilitate the 
clearance and settlement of securities transactions through electronic book-entry transfer between their 
respective accountholders.  Indirect access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC is available to 
other institutions which clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with an accountholder of either 
system.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC provide various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally-traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC also deal with domestic securities markets in 
several countries through established depositary and custodial relationships.  Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and DTC have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their 
respective customers may settle trades with each other.  Their customers are world-wide financial institutions 
including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations.  
Investors may hold their interests in the Global Notes directly through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and DTC if they are accountholders (“Direct Participants”) or indirectly (“Indirect Participants” and together 
with Direct Participants, “Participants”) through organisations which are accountholders therein. 
Distributions of payments with respect to interests in the Global Notes, held through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC, as applicable, will be credited to the extent received, to the cash accounts of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC participants in accordance with the relevant system’s rules and 
procedures. 
As Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC act on behalf of their respective accountholders only, 
who in turn may act on behalf of their respective clients, the ability of beneficial owners who are not 
accountholders with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC to pledge interests in the Global Notes to 
persons or entities that are not accountholders with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, or otherwise 
take action in respect of interests in the Global Notes, may be limited. 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuers as follows: “DTC is a limited purpose trust company organised under the laws of 
the State of New York, a “banking organisation” under the laws of the State of New York, a member of the U.S. 
Federal Reserve System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial 
Code and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the Exchange Act.  DTC 
was created to hold securities for its participants and facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities 
transactions between Participants through electronic computerised book entry changes in accounts of its 
participants, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates.  Direct Participants include

--- Page 174 ---
Book-Entry Clearance Procedures 
 
 
165 
 
 
securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations.  
Indirect access to DTC is available to others, such as banks, securities brokers, dealers and trust companies, that 
clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a DTC direct participant, either directly or indirectly.” 
Investors may hold their interests in a Registered Global Note directly through DTC if they are participants 
(“Direct Participants”) in the DTC system, or indirectly through organisations which are participants in such 
system (“Indirect Participants” and together with the Direct Participants, “Participants”). 
DTC has advised the Issuers that it will take any action permitted to be taken by a holder of Notes only at the 
direction of one or more Participants in whose accounts with DTC interests in the Registered Global Note are 
credited and only in respect of such portion of the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Registered Global 
Note as to which such Participant or Participants has or have given such direction. 
Book-Entry Ownership 
Each Global Note intended to be cleared through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will have an ISIN 
and a Common Code and will be registered in the name of HSBC Bank plc as nominee for, and deposited with 
HSBC Bank plc as common depositary on behalf of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common 
Depositary”), unless the Applicable Transaction Terms specify that any such Global Note issued by Premium 
Green PLC or PREMIUM Plus p.l.c. is intended to be a New Global Note or a NSS Global Note, in which case 
it will be deposited with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common 
Safekeeper”). 
Each Registered Global Note intended to be cleared through DTC will have an ISIN and a CUSIP and will be 
deposited with HSBC Bank plc as custodian for, and registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee for, 
DTC. 
Payments on Global Notes 
Under the terms of the Trust Deed, the Issuers and the Trustee will treat the registered holder of the Global 
Notes (being the Common Depositary or Common Safekeeper, as the case may be, or DTC (or its nominee)) as 
the owner thereof for the purposes of receiving payments and for all other purposes.  Consequently, none of the 
Issuers, the Trustee or any agent of the Issuers or the Trustee has or will have any responsibility or liability for: 
(a) 
any aspect of the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC or any Participant or 
Indirect Participant relating to or payments made on account of an ownership interest in a Global Note 
(a “Book-Entry Interest”) or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any of the records of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC or any Participant or Indirect Participant relating to or payments 
made on account of a Book-Entry Interest; or 
(b) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC or any Participant or Indirect Participant. 
Payments by Participants to owners of Book-Entry interests in the Global Notes held through these Participants 
are the responsibility of such Participants, as is now the case with securities held for the accounts of customers 
registered in “street name”. 
Settlement and Transfer of Interests in Global Notes 
Subject to the rules and procedures of each applicable Clearing System, purchases of interests in the Global 
Notes held within a Clearing System must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will receive a credit 
for such interests in the Global Notes on the Clearing System’s records.  The ownership interest of each actual 
purchaser of each such interest in a Global Notes (the “Beneficial Owner”) will in turn to be recorded on the 
Direct and Indirect Participant’s records.  Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from any 
clearing system of their purchase, but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing 
details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant 
through which such Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction.  Transfers of ownership interests in Global 
Notes held within the clearing system will be effected by entries made on the books of Participants acting on 
behalf of Beneficial Owners. 
No Clearing System has knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the Global Notes held within such 
Clearing Systems and their records will reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts

--- Page 175 ---
Book-Entry Clearance Procedures 
 
 
166 
 
 
such Global Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners.  The Participants will remain 
responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers.  Conveyance of notices and other 
communications by the Clearing Systems to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect Participants, 
and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by arrangements 
among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. 
Book-Entry Interests owned through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC accounts will follow 
the settlement procedures applicable to conventional eurobonds in registered form.  Book-Entry Interests will 
be credited to the securities custody accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC holders on 
the business day following the settlement date against payment for value on the settlement date. 
Initial settlement 
Upon the issuance of the Global Notes by any of the Issuers, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC, 
as applicable, will credit the respective principal amounts of the individual beneficial interests in the Global 
Notes to the relevant accountholder(s), as notified by or on behalf of a Dealer.  Ownership of beneficial interests 
in the Global Notes will be limited to persons who maintain accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and DTC, as applicable, or persons who hold interests through such persons.  Ownership of 
beneficial interests in the Global Notes will be shown on, and the transfer of such interests will be effected only 
through, records maintained by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC and in accordance with the 
applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC. 
Unless Registered Note Certificates or Definitive Notes, as applicable, are issued, owners of beneficial interests 
in Global Notes will not be entitled to have any portions of such Global Notes registered in their names, will 
not receive or be entitled to receive physical delivery of Notes in certificated form and will not be considered 
the owners or holders of such Global Note (or any Notes represented thereby) under the Trust Deed or the Notes. 
In the event of an increase or decrease in the aggregate nominal amount of Notes represented by any Global 
Note, whether pursuant to the issue of additional Notes to be represented by such Global Note, the issue of 
Registered Note Certificates or Definitive Notes, as applicable, or the repurchase and cancellation of Notes 
represented by such Global Note or otherwise, the holder will present such Global Note to the Issuer or its agent 
for increase or decrease, as the case may be, of the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by such 
Global Note by annotation thereon, unless the Applicable Transaction Terms specify that any such Global Note 
issued by Premium Green PLC or PREMIUM Plus p.l.c. is intended to be a New Global Note or a NSS Global 
Note, in which case details of such increase or decrease in the aggregate nominal amount or repurchase or 
cancellation or otherwise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant Clearing Systems, whereupon 
the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant Clearing Systems and represented by 
such Global Note shall be adjusted by the amount thereof. 
Neither the Issuers, the Trustee nor any of their respective agents will have any responsibility or liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to beneficial ownership interests in the Global Notes or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Initial settlement for the Notes will be made in the currency of denomination of the Notes. 
Secondary Market Trading 
The Book-Entry Interests will trade through Participants of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC 
and will settle in same-day funds. 
Since the purchase determines the place of delivery, it is important to establish at the time of trading of any 
Book-Entry Interests where both the purchaser’s and seller’s accounts are located to ensure that settlement can 
be made on the desired value date. 
Transfers between accountholders in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC will be effected in the 
ordinary way in accordance with their respective rules and operating procedures.  Such transfers may be subject 
to certain restrictions.  See “Transfer Restrictions”.

--- Page 176 ---
Book-Entry Clearance Procedures 
 
 
167 
 
 
Registered Global Notes 
The Registered Global Notes are exchangeable in whole but not in part for Registered Note Certificates if and 
only if (i) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (or any alternative clearing system on behalf of which 
the Registered Global Notes may be held) is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days or more 
(other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact 
do so or (ii) any Note of the relevant Series becomes immediately redeemable following the occurrence of an 
Event of Default in relation thereto; or (iii) if the Registered Global Note is held on behalf of DTC and DTC 
notifies the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary with respect to the Registered Global 
Note or DTC ceases to be a “clearing agency” registered under the Exchange Act or is at any time no longer 
eligible, or is unwilling or unable to continue, to act as such, and the Issuer is unable to locate a qualified 
successor within 90 days of receiving notice of such ineligibility on the part of DTC.  Registered Note 
Certificates will be issued in registered form only, without coupons, and will be registered in the name or names 
of such person or persons as the holder of the Global Notes shall notify the Registrar.  It is expected that such 
notification will be based upon directions received by the Registrar from Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC as applicable as to ownership of beneficial interests in the Registered Global Notes. 
Registered Note Certificates issued in exchange for interests in a Registered Global Note will bear the legends 
as set out in “Transfer Restrictions”. 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date 
in whole but not in part for Definitive Notes (or, if so specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed, for Registered 
Note Certificates or for a combination of Definitive Notes and Registered Note Certificates), if (i) any Note of 
the relevant Series becomes immediately redeemable following the occurrence of an Event of Default in relation 
thereto; or (ii) the Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
other clearing system (an “Alternative Clearing System”) and any such clearing system is closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or (iii) if so specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed, 
at the option of the bearer thereof. 
General 
None of the Issuers will impose any fees in respect of the Notes; however, holders of book-entry interests in the 
Global Notes may incur fees normally payable in respect of the maintenance and operation of accounts in 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC. 
Although the foregoing sets out a general summary of the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and DTC in order to facilitate the transfers of interests in the Global Notes among participants of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC none of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg nor DTC are 
under any obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be 
discontinued at any time. 
None of the Issuers nor the Trustee nor any of their agents will have any responsibility or liability for the 
performance by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC or their respective accountholders of their 
respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations.

--- Page 177 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
 
168 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Series of Notes will be used by the Issuer in the purchase of the Underlying 
Assets and/or to make payments in respect of any Related Agreement, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Terms.

--- Page 178 ---
Transaction Overview Diagram 
 
 
169 
 
 
TRANSACTION OVERVIEW DIAGRAM 
The diagram below is intended to provide an overview of the structure of a standard repackaging transaction. 
Prospective investors should also review the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
the Applicable Transaction Terms for a description of the transaction structure relating to a specific issue under 
the Programme and relevant cash flows prior to making any investment decision. In the diagram below dotted 
lines represent contractual relationships and solid lines represent cash flows. 
 
 
 
Note Coupon / 
Principal Payments 
 
Note Coupon / 
Upfront Amount 
/ Final 
Exchange 
Amount 
Swap 
Counterparty / 
Repurchase 
Counterparty / 
Securities Lending 
Counterparty 
Collateral Coupon/ 
Principal Payments 
Noteholder 
Issue Proceeds 
 
Underlying Asset 
Collateral 
Coupon  
Trustee 
Trust Deed  
Benefit of Security 
Issue Agent and Principal 
Paying Agent 
Registrar and Transfer 
Agent 
Calculation Agent, 
Determination Agent and 
Disposal Agent 
Corporate 
Administrator  
Custody Agreement  
Custodian 
Corporate Services 
Agreement 
Agency Agreement  
 
Issuer

--- Page 179 ---
Description of Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
 
 
170 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK 
The information relating to Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank contained in this section headed 
“Description of Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank” has been provided by Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank. Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank accepts responsibility for this 
information and to the best of the knowledge and belief of Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, this 
information is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. Each of the Issuers accepts responsibility for the correct reproduction of the information contained 
in this section and that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as they are aware and 
are able to ascertain from publicly available sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank is a limited liability company incorporated in France as a société 
anonyme incorporated under, and governed by, the laws of France, whose registered office is at 12, place des 
Etats-Unis, CS 70052, 92547 Montrouge Cedex, France. Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank is 
registered at the Trade and Commercial Register of Nanterre (France) under the number 304 187 701. 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank is subject to Articles L. 225-1 et seq. of Book 2 of the 
Commercial Code. As a credit institution, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank is subject to Articles 
L. 511-1 et seq. and L. 531-1 et seq. of the Monetary and Financial Code. 
As of 30 June 2021, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank’s shareholders’ capital amounted to 
€7,851,636,342. As of 30 June 2021, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank’s share capital was 
directly owned by 97.77 per cent. by Crédit Agricole S.A. Group and 100 per cent. by entities of the Crédit 
Agricole Group. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus there are no conflicts of interest between any duties to Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank of the members of the Board of Directors and their private interests and/or other 
duties. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank has debt securities issued 
on the regulated markets of Euronext Paris and the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin. Crédit 
Agricole S.A has equity securities traded in Euronext Paris. 
The objects of Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank as set out in Article 3 of its Articles of 
Association include the power, in France and abroad: 
• 
to enter into any banking transactions and any finance transactions, and more particularly: 
(i) 
to receive funds, grant loans, advances, credit, financing, guarantees, to undertake collection, 
payment, recoveries, 
(ii) 
to provide advisory services in financial matters, and especially in matters of financing, 
indebtedness, subscription, issues, investment, acquisitions, transfers, mergers and 
restructurings, and 
(iii) 
to provide management, purchasing, sale and exchange services with respect to all and any 
stocks, equity rights, financial products, derivatives, currencies and in general all and any other 
securities of all kinds; 
• 
to provide all and any investment services and related services as defined by the French Monetary and 
Financial Code and any subsequent legislation or regulation deriving therefrom; 
• 
to establish and to participate in any ventures, associations, corporations, by way of subscription, 
purchase of shares or equity rights, merger or in any other way; 
• 
to enter into transactions, either commercial or industrial, relating to securities or real estate, directly or 
indirectly related to any or all of the above purposes or to any similar or connected purposes; and 
• 
to enter into the foregoing, both on its own behalf and on behalf of third parties or as a partner and in 
any form whatsoever.

--- Page 180 ---
Description of Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
 
 
171 
 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank is the corporate and investment banking arm of the Crédit 
Agricole Group. With operations in around 30 countries, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank offers 
its customers a full range of products and services in capital markets, investment banking, structured finance, 
commercial banking and wealth management. Its activities are organised across three main business lines: 
Financing activities: includes the commercial banking business lines in France and abroad as well as the 
structured finance activities: project finance, aeronautics financing, shipping financing, acquisitions finance, 
real estate finance. 
Capital markets and investment banking: covers capital markets activities (treasury, foreign exchange, 
interest-rate derivatives and debt capital) and investment banking activities (mergers and acquisitions and 
primary equity advisory). 
Wealth management: Crédit Agricole CIB is also active in Wealth Management through its location in France, 
Belgium, Switzerland, Luxembourg, Monaco, Spain, Brazil and in Asia. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the long term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed obligations and 
the short term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed obligations of Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank are rated as follows: 
 
SHORT 
TERM 
SENIOR 
PREFERRED DEBT 
LONG 
TERM 
SENIOR 
PREFERRED DEBT 
Moody’s France S.A.S. 
Prime -1 
Aa3 
Fitch France S.A.S. 
F1+ 
A+/AA- 
Standard & Poor’s Credit Market 
Services France S.A.S. 
A-1 
A+ 
Any further information on Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank can be obtained on Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank’s website at www.ca-cib.com.

--- Page 181 ---
Description of Premium Green PLC 
 
 
172 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF PREMIUM GREEN PLC 
1. 
General 
Premium Green is a special purpose vehicle established for the purpose of issuing asset backed 
securities and was incorporated in Ireland as a public limited company on 24 March 2006, registered 
number 417608 under name Premium Green PLC, under the Companies Acts 1963-2005 which was 
replaced by the Companies Act 2014. The Legal Entity Identifier of Premium Green is: 
5493000S7VTDPDFJCP28. 
The authorised share capital of Premium Green is EUR40,000 divided into 40,000 ordinary shares of 
par value EUR1 each (the “Shares”).  Premium Green has issued 40,000 Shares, all of which are fully 
paid and are held on trust by or on behalf of Sanne Trustee Services Limited (the “Share Trustee”) 
under the terms of a declaration of trust (as amended, the “Declaration of Trust”) originally dated 
6 April 2006, under which the Share Trustee holds the Shares on trust for charity.  The Share Trustee 
has no beneficial interest in and derives no benefit (other than any fees for acting as Share Trustee) from 
its holding of the Shares.  The Share Trustee will apply any income derived from Premium Green solely 
for the purposes set out below. 
2. 
Corporate Administration 
Sanne Capital Markets Ireland Limited (formerly Sanne Corporate Services (Ireland) Limited) (the 
“Corporate Services Provider”), an Irish company, acts as the corporate services provider for 
Premium Green.  Pursuant to the terms of an amended and restated corporate services agreement entered 
into on 25 July 2014 between Premium Green, the Corporate Services Provider and Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank, (the “Corporate Services Agreement”), the Corporate Services 
Provider performs various management functions on behalf of Premium Green, including the provision 
of certain clerical, reporting, accounting, administrative and other services until termination of the 
Corporate Services Agreement.  In consideration of the foregoing, the Corporate Services Provider 
receives various fees and other charges payable by Premium Green at rates agreed upon from time to 
time plus expenses.  The terms of the Corporate Services Agreement provide that any party may 
terminate the Corporate Services Agreement upon the occurrence of certain stated events, including any 
material breach by either the Company or the Corporate Services Provider of its obligations under the 
Corporate Services Agreement which is either incapable of remedy or which is not cured within 30 days 
from the date on which it was notified of such breach.  In addition, any party may terminate the 
Corporate Services Agreement at any time by giving at least 30 days written notice to the other parties.  
The Corporate Services Agreement contains provisions for the appointment of a successor corporate 
services provider. 
The secretary, the Corporate Services Provider and the Share Trustee are wholly-owned within the 
Sanne Group. 
The Corporate Services Provider’s registered office is Fourth Floor, 76 Lower Baggot Street, Dublin 2, 
Ireland. 
3. 
Registered Office 
The registered office of Premium Green is Fourth Floor, 76 Lower Baggot Street, Dublin 2, Ireland and 
the phone number is +353 1 906 2200. 
4. 
Management 
Premium Green’s Articles of Association provide that the Board of Directors of Premium Green will 
consist of at least two directors: 
Name 
Business Address 
Emma Keane 
Fourth Floor, 76 Lower Baggot Street, Dublin 2, 
Ireland 
Mark Kinsella 
Fourth Floor, 76 Lower Baggot Street, Dublin 2, 
Ireland

--- Page 182 ---
Description of Premium Green PLC 
 
 
173 
 
 
The Company Secretary is Sanne Capital Markets Ireland Limited and its registered address is Fourth 
Floor, 76 Lower Baggot Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. 
5. 
Directors Interests 
No director has any interest in the promotion of, or any property acquired or proposed to be acquired 
by, Premium Green. 
6. 
Business of the Issuer 
The principal objects of Premium Green are set forth in clause 3 of its Memorandum of Association and 
include, inter alia, the power to issue securities and to raise or borrow money, to grant security over its 
assets for such purposes, to lend with or without security and to enter into derivative transactions.  Cash 
flow derived from the Charged Assets securing the Notes or other Obligations will be Premium Green’s 
only source of funds to fund payments in respect of such Notes or other Obligations. 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, Premium Green will be subject to the restrictions set 
out in Condition 5 (Restrictions) and in the Principal Trust Deed.  In particular, Premium Green has 
undertaken not to carry out any business other than the establishment of the Programme and the issue 
of Notes or the entry into other Obligations and/other secured obligations including, without limitation, 
loans, options, warrants, certificates, murabaha transactions, deposits, mudaraba transactions, letters of 
credit, derivative transactions, contracts for the sale and/or purchase of assets, repurchase transactions, 
securities lending transactions or a combination of the foregoing and the entry into of agreements related 
thereto and does not and will not have any substantial assets other than the Charged Assets for the Notes 
or other Obligations and does not and will not have any substantial liabilities other than in connection 
with the Notes or other Obligations and any Charged Assets. 
Premium Green has, and will have, no material assets other than the sum of EUR40,000 representing 
the proceeds of its issued share capital, such fees (as agreed) per Series payable to it in connection with 
the issue of Notes or the creating or incurring of other Obligations and any Charged Assets and any 
other assets on which the Notes or other Obligations are secured.  Save in respect of the fees generated 
in connection with each issue of Notes or the creation or incurrence of other Obligations, any related 
profits and the proceeds of any deposits and investments made from such fees or from amounts 
representing the proceeds of Premium Green’s issued share capital, Premium Green will not accumulate 
any surpluses. 
The Notes and any other Obligations are obligations of Premium Green and not of the shareholder(s) of 
Premium Green, the Share Trustee, the Trustee, the Arranger, the Corporate Services Provider, any 
Swap Counterparty, any Repurchase Counterparty, any Securities Lending Counterparty or any obligor 
in respect of any Charged Assets.  Furthermore, they are not obligations of, or guaranteed in any way 
by, any of the Dealers. 
7. 
No Material or Adverse Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of Premium Green 
since 31 March 2020.  Other than Notes issued under the Programme and related obligations or other 
Obligations created or incurred, Premium Green has no borrowings or indebtedness in the nature of 
borrowings (including loan capital issued or created but unissued), term loans, liabilities under 
acceptances or acceptance credits, mortgages, charges or guarantees or other contingent liabilities. 
8. 
Financial Statements and Auditors’ Report 
Premium Green’s audited financial statements in respect of the periods ending on 31 March 2019 and 
31 March 2020, which have been filed with Euronext Dublin.  The financial year of Premium Green 
ends on 31 March in each year. 
The auditors of Premium Green are Grant Thornton Ireland of 13-18 City Quay, Dublin, D02 ED70, 
Ireland who are chartered accountants and are members of the Institute of Chartered Accountants and 
registered auditors qualified to practise in Ireland.

--- Page 183 ---
Description of Premium Green PLC 
 
 
174 
 
 
9. 
Process Agent 
Premium Green has appointed Cheeswrights Notaries Public, 107 Leadenhall Street, London EC3A 
4AF, United Kingdom.

--- Page 184 ---
Description of Premium Plus P.L.C. 
 
 
175 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF PREMIUM PLUS P.L.C. 
1. 
General 
PREMIUM Plus is a special purpose vehicle established for the purpose of issuing asset backed 
securities and was incorporated in Ireland as a public limited company on 21 May 2009, registered 
number 471118 under name PREMIUM Plus p.l.c., under the Companies Acts 1963-2005 which was 
replaced by the Companies Act 2014. The Legal Entity Identifier of PREMIUM Plus is: 
549300LQCCIRUN5YOU52. 
The authorised share capital of PREMIUM Plus is EUR40,000 divided into 40,000 ordinary shares of 
par value EUR1 each (the “Shares”). PREMIUM Plus has issued 40,000 Shares, all of which are fully 
paid and are held on trust by or on behalf of Sanne Trustee Services Limited (the “Share Trustee”) 
under the terms of a declaration of trust (as amended, the “Declaration of Trust”) originally dated 
26 May 2009, under which the Share Trustee holds the Shares on trust for charity.  The Share Trustee 
has no beneficial interest in and derives no benefit (other than any fees for acting as Share Trustee) from 
its holding of the Shares.  The Share Trustee will apply any income derived from PREMIUM Plus solely 
for the purposes set out below. 
2. 
Corporate Administration 
Sanne Capital Markets Ireland Limited (formerly Sanne Corporate Services (Ireland) Limited) (the 
“Corporate Services Provider”), an Irish company, acts as the corporate services provider for 
PREMIUM Plus.  Pursuant to the terms of an amended and restated corporate services agreement 
entered into on or about 25 July 2014 between PREMIUM Plus, the Corporate Services Provider and 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (the “Corporate Services Agreement”), the Corporate 
Services Provider performs various management functions on behalf of PREMIUM Plus, including the 
provision of certain clerical, reporting, accounting, administrative and other services until termination 
of the Corporate Services Agreement.  In consideration of the foregoing, the Corporate Services 
Provider receives various fees and other charges payable by PREMIUM Plus at rates agreed upon from 
time to time plus expenses.  The terms of the Corporate Services Agreement provide that any party may 
terminate the Corporate Services Agreement upon the occurrence of certain stated events, including any 
material breach by either the Company or the Corporate Services Provider of its obligations under the 
Corporate Services Agreement which is either incapable of remedy or which is not cured within 30 days 
from the date on which it was notified of such breach.  In addition, any party may terminate the 
Corporate Services Agreement at any time by giving at least 30 days written notice to the other parties.  
The Corporate Services Agreement contains provisions for the appointment of a successor corporate 
services provider. 
The secretary, the Corporate Services Provider and the Share Trustee are wholly-owned within the 
Sanne Group. 
The Corporate Services Provider’s registered office is Fourth Floor, 76 Lower Baggot Street, Dublin 2, 
Ireland 
3. 
Registered Office 
The registered office of PREMIUM Plus is Fourth Floor, 76 Lower Baggot Street, Dublin 2,  Ireland 
and the phone number is +353 1 906 2200. 
4. 
Management 
PREMIUM Plus’ Articles of Association provide that the Board of Directors of PREMIUM Plus will 
consist of at least two directors: 
Name 
Business Address 
Emma Keane 
Fourth Floor, 76 Lower Baggot Street, Dublin 
2, Ireland 
Mark Kinsella 
Fourth Floor, 76 Lower Baggot Street, Dublin 
2, Ireland

--- Page 185 ---
Description of Premium Plus P.L.C. 
 
 
176 
 
 
The Company Secretary is Sanne Capital Markets Ireland Limited and its registered address is Fourth 
Floor, 76 Lower Baggot Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. 
5. 
Directors Interests 
No director has any interest in the promotion of, or any property acquired or proposed to be acquired 
by, PREMIUM Plus. 
6. 
Business of the Issuer 
The principal objects of PREMIUM Plus are set forth in clause 3 of its Memorandum of Association 
and include, inter alia, the power to issue securities and to raise or borrow money, to grant security over 
its assets for such purposes, to lend with or without security and to enter into derivative transactions.  
Cash flow derived from the Charged Assets securing the Notes or other Obligations will be PREMIUM 
Plus’ only source of funds to fund payments in respect of such Notes or other Obligations. 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, PREMIUM Plus will be subject to the restrictions set 
out in Condition 5 (Restrictions) and in the Principal Trust Deed.  In particular, PREMIUM Plus has 
undertaken not to carry out any business other than the establishment of the Programme and the issue 
of Notes or the entry into other Obligations including, without limitation, loans, options, warrants, 
certificates, murabaha transactions, deposits, mudaraba transactions, letters of credit, derivative 
transactions, contracts for the sale and/or purchase of assets, repurchase transactions, securities lending 
transactions or a combination of the foregoing and the entry into of agreements related thereto and does 
not and will not have any substantial assets other than the Charged Assets for the Notes or other 
Obligations and does not and will not have any substantial liabilities other than in connection with the 
Notes or other Obligations and any Charged Assets. 
PREMIUM Plus has, and will have, no material assets other than the sum of EUR40,000 representing 
the proceeds of its issued share capital, such fees (as agreed) per Series payable to it in connection with 
the issue of Notes or the creating or incurring of other Obligations and any Charged Assets and any 
other assets on which the Notes or other Obligations are secured.  Save in respect of the fees generated 
in connection with each issue of Notes or the creation or incurrence of or other Obligations, any related 
profits and the proceeds of any deposits and investments made from such fees or from amounts 
representing the proceeds of PREMIUM Plus’ issued share capital, PREMIUM Plus will not accumulate 
any surpluses. 
The Notes are obligations of PREMIUM Plus and not of the shareholder(s) of PREMIUM Plus, the 
Share Trustee, the Trustee, the Arranger, the Corporate Services Provider, any Swap Counterparty, any 
Repurchase Counterparty, any Securities Lending Counterparty or any obligor in respect of any 
Charged Assets.  Furthermore, they are not obligations of, or guaranteed in any way by, any of the 
Dealers. 
7. 
No Material or Adverse Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of PREMIUM Plus 
since 31 March 2020.  Other than Notes issued under the Programme and related obligations or other 
Obligations created or incurred, PREMIUM Plus has no borrowings or indebtedness in the nature of 
borrowings (including loan capital issued or created but unissued), term loans, liabilities under 
acceptances or acceptance credits, mortgages, charges or guarantees or other contingent liabilities 
8. 
Financial Statements and Auditors’ Report 
The financial year of PREMIUM Plus ends on 31 March in each year. PREMIUM Plus’s audited 
financial statements in respect of the periods ending on 31 March 2019 and 31 March 2020 have been 
filed with Euronext Dublin and the Central Bank. 
The auditors of PREMIUM Plus are Deloitte Ireland LLP of Deloitte & Touche House, Earlsfort 
Terrace, Dublin 2, Ireland who are chartered accountants and are members of the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants and registered auditors qualified to practise in Ireland.

--- Page 186 ---
Description of Premium Plus P.L.C. 
 
 
177 
 
 
9. 
Process Agent 
PREMIUM Plus has appointed Cheeswrights Notaries Public, 107 Leadenhall Street, London EC3A 
4AF, United Kingdom.

--- Page 187 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
178 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme dealer agreement dated on or about 12 October 2021, 
as amended and restated from time to time, (the “Programme Dealer Agreement”), agreed with each Existing 
Issuer and any other relevant Specified Company pursuant to a Deed of Accession a basis upon which they or 
any other dealer appointed pursuant to the Programme Dealer Agreement may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes issued by the Issuer.  Any such agreement for any particular purchase will extend to those 
matters stated under “Description of the Programme” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” above. 
In the Programme Dealer Agreement, each of the Issuers has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain 
liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes issued by each of the Issuers and has agreed to 
reimburse Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank as arranger for certain of its expenses in connection 
with the establishment, and amendments to, this Programme.  The Programme Dealer Agreement in respect of 
each of the Issuers may be terminated in relation to all the Dealers or any of them by each of the Issuers or, in 
relation to itself, by any Dealer, at any time on giving not less than 15 days’ written notice.

--- Page 188 ---
Transfer Restrictions 
 
 
179 
 
 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
Because of the following restrictions, purchasers are advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any offer, 
resale, pledge or transfer of the Notes. 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus or Supplemental Listing Particulars, the 
following selling restrictions shall apply: 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States.  In addition, none of the Issuers have been and 
will be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.  The Notes may not be offered, 
sold or delivered directly or indirectly within the United States or to, or for the account of, U.S. persons, except 
pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act and applicable state securities laws.  Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered, sold or otherwise 
transferred except (1) in a transaction outside the United States to persons that are not U.S. persons in accordance 
with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S or (2) within the United States or to U.S. persons who are both QIBs 
and Qualified Purchasers.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S or 
Rule 144A under the Securities Act or the Investment Company Act. 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (i) as part of their distribution at any time; or 
(ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the Issue Date and that it 
will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration to 
which it sells Notes during the period of 40 consecutive days after the later of the commencement of the offering 
of the Notes and the Issue Date a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales 
of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person.  Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Each of the Issuers and each Dealer reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase, in whole or in part, for any 
reason, or to sell less than the principal amount of Notes which may be offered.  Distribution of this Base 
Prospectus to any U.S. person or to any person within the United States is unauthorised and any disclosure of 
any of its contents, without the prior written consent of each of the Issuers, is prohibited. 
The Notes may include Notes that are in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not 
be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the 
Treasury regulations issued thereunder and Regulation S. 
With respect to Bearer Notes issued in compliance with the TEFRA D Rules, each dealer has acknowledged 
and agreed that it has and throughout the restricted period (as defined under the TEFRA D Rules) will have in 
effect, procedures reasonably designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling 
the Bearer Notes are aware that such Bearer Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a 
person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except as permitted by the TEFRA 
D Rules. 
Non-U.S. purchasers of the Notes will be subject to the following selling restrictions unless otherwise provided 
in the Applicable Transaction Terms.  As a condition to the purchase of the Notes offered hereby, each purchaser 
located outside the United States that is not a U.S. person and is not purchasing for the account or benefit of a 
U.S. person will be deemed to have acknowledged, represented and agreed as follows (terms used in this 
paragraph have the meaning given to them by Regulation S): 
(i) 
The purchaser has received a copy of this Base Prospectus and the Applicable Transaction Terms (if 
any) relating to the Notes, has carefully read this Base Prospectus and the Applicable Transaction Terms 
(if any) and understands the risks relating to its purchase of the Notes.  The purchaser has such 
knowledge and experience in business and financial matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits 
and risks of an investment in the Notes.  The purchaser understands that its investment in the Notes is 
speculative and involves a high degree of risk, including the possible loss of the purchaser’s entire 
investment, and the purchaser is financially able to bear such loss.

--- Page 189 ---
Transfer Restrictions 
 
 
180 
 
 
(ii) 
The purchaser was, and the person, if any, for whose account or benefit the purchaser is acquiring the 
Notes was, located outside the United States at the time the buy order for the Notes was originated and 
continues to be located outside the United States and has not purchased the Notes for the benefit of any 
U.S. person or entered into any arrangement for the transfer of the Notes to any U.S. person. Terms 
used in the previous sentence have the meaning given them in Regulation S. 
(iii) 
The purchaser understands that each of the Issuers has not been and will not be registered under the 
Investment Company Act, that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction in the United States, and 
that the sale of Notes to such purchaser is being made in reliance on Regulation S. 
(iv) 
The purchaser is aware of the restrictions on the offer and sale of the Notes pursuant to Regulation S 
described in this Base Prospectus and the Applicable Transaction Terms (if any) and will be deemed to 
have agreed to give any subsequent purchaser of such Notes notice of any restrictions on the transfer 
thereof. 
(v) 
The purchaser understands that unless each of the Issuers determines otherwise in compliance with 
applicable law, the Notes will bear a legend to the effect set forth below and that Notes issued under 
Regulation S may not, at any time, be held by, or on behalf of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the previous 
sentence have the meaning given to them under Regulation S. 
(vi) 
Each prospective purchaser of Notes that is a U.S. person or is not purchasing the Notes in an offshore 
transaction meeting the requirements of Regulation S, by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus, 
will be deemed to have represented and agreed as follows (terms used in this paragraph have the 
meaning given to them by Regulation S): 
“The offeree acknowledges that this Base Prospectus is personal to the offeree and does not constitute 
an offer to any other person or to the public generally to subscribe for or otherwise acquire the Notes 
other than pursuant to transactions exempt from the registration requirements under the Securities Act 
or Rule 144A or in offshore transactions in accordance with Regulation S.  Distribution of this Base 
Prospectus to any person other than the offeree and those persons, if any, retained to advise the offeree 
with respect thereto and other persons that are QIBs or non-U.S. persons is unauthorized and any 
disclosure of any of its contents, without the prior written consent of the Issuer, is prohibited except as 
otherwise specifically authorized herein (terms used in this paragraph have the meaning given to them 
by Regulation S).” 
Purchasers pursuant to Rule 144A 
Subject to any additional requirements or exceptions set forth in the Applicable Transaction Terms, each 
purchaser of Rule 144A Global Notes will be deemed to acknowledge, represent and agree as follows: 
(a) 
The purchaser has received a copy of the Base Prospectus and the Applicable Transaction Terms (if 
any) relating to the Notes, has carefully read the Base Prospectus and the Applicable Transaction Terms 
(if any) and understands the risks relating to its purchase of the Notes.  The purchaser has such 
knowledge and experience in business and financial matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits 
and risks of an investment in the Notes.  The purchaser understands that its investment in the Notes is 
speculative and involves a high degree of risk, including the possible loss of its entire investment, and 
it is financially able to bear such loss. 
(b) 
The purchaser is purchasing the Notes for its own account or an account with respect to which it 
exercises sole investment discretion and it and any such account is QIB and is aware that the sale to it 
is being made in reliance on Rule 144A. 
(c) 
The purchaser acknowledges (i) that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act, (ii) that the Issuer has not and will not register under the Investment Company Act and 
(iii) that none of the Notes may be offered or sold to any person except as set forth herein. 
(d) 
The purchaser and each account with respect to which it is purchasing the Notes (i) is a Qualified 
Purchaser, (ii) is not formed for the purpose of investment in the Notes, unless all of its beneficial 
owners are Qualified Purchasers and it has received the necessary consent from its beneficial owners if

--- Page 190 ---
Transfer Restrictions 
 
 
181 
 
 
it is a private investment company formed before 30 April 1996, (iii) is not a dealer described in 
paragraph (a)(1)(ii) of Rule 144A that owns and invests on a discretionary basis less than 
U.S.$25,000,000 in securities of unaffiliated issuers, (iv) is not a plan referred to in 
paragraph (a)(1)(i)(D) or (a)(1)(i)(E) of Rule 144A or a trust fund referred to in paragraph (A)(1)(i)(F) 
of Rule 144A that holds the assets of such plan, unless investment decisions are made solely by the 
fiduciary, trustee or sponsor of such plan, (v) is purchasing the Notes in at least a minimum 
denomination of U.S.$200,000 and (vi) will provide written notice of the foregoing and any other 
applicable transfer restrictions to any transferee. 
(e) 
The purchaser understands that transfers in violation of the transfer restrictions herein will be of no 
force and effect, will be void ab initio, and will not operate to transfer any rights to the transferee, 
notwithstanding any instructions to the contrary to the Issuer, the Trustee or any intermediary.  If the 
Issuer determines that any beneficial owner or holder of Notes that is a U.S. person is not a QIB and a 
Qualified Purchaser, the Issuer will require that such beneficial owner or holder sell all of its right, title 
and interest in such Notes to a person who is a QIB and a Qualified Purchaser in a transaction meeting 
the requirements of Rule 144A or to a person that is not a U.S. person in an offshore transaction meeting 
the requirements of Regulation S, with such sale to be effected within 30 days after notice of such sale 
requirement is given.  If such sale is not effected within such 30 days, upon written direction from the 
Issuer, the Disposal Agent will be authorised to conduct a commercially reasonable sale of such Notes 
to a person who is a QIB and a Qualified Purchaser in a transaction meeting the requirements of 
Rule 144A or to a person that is not a U.S. person in an offshore transaction meeting the requirements 
of Regulation S and, pending transfer, no further payments will be made in respect of such Notes or any 
beneficial interest therein. 
(f) 
The purchaser shall not resell or otherwise transfer any of the Notes except (a) to the Issuer; (b) (1) to 
a person whom the purchaser reasonably believes is a QIB and a Qualified Purchaser purchasing for its 
own account or for the account of a QIB and a Qualified Purchaser to which it exercises sole investment 
discretion in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A under the Securities Act or (2) in an 
offshore transaction and not to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person in accordance with 
Regulation S under the Securities Act; and (c) in accordance with all applicable securities laws of the 
States of the United States. 
(g) 
The purchaser understands that the Issuer may receive a list of participant holding positions in its Notes 
from one or more book-entry depositories. 
(h) 
The purchaser understands that the Notes will bear a legend substantially to the following effect: 
“THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR WITH 
ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION, 
AND THE ISSUER OF THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED (THE “INVESTMENT 
COMPANY ACT”). 
EACH PERSON WHO PURCHASES OR OTHERWISE ACQUIRES AN INTEREST IN THIS 
NOTE IS DEEMED TO (1) REPRESENT THAT (A) IT IS ACQUIRING SUCH INTEREST FOR ITS 
OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR AN ACCOUNT WITH RESPECT TO WHICH IT EXERCISES SOLE 
INVESTMENT DISCRETION AND IT AND ANY SUCH ACCOUNT IS A “QUALIFIED 
PURCHASER” (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 2(A)(51) OF THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT 
AND THE RULES AND REGULATION THEREUNDER) (A “QUALIFIED PURCHASER”) 
THAT IS ALSO A “QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) (A “QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER”) OR (B) IT IS 
NOT A “U.S. PERSON” AND IS ACQUIRING SUCH INTEREST IN AN “OFFSHORE 
TRANSACTION” PURSUANT TO RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND (2) AGREE THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFER SUCH INTEREST EXCEPT (A) TO THE ISSUER, (B)(1) IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A TO A PERSON THAT IT REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AND A QUALIFIED PURCHASER THAT IS 
PURCHASING THIS NOTE FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A

--- Page 191 ---
Transfer Restrictions 
 
 
182 
 
 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER THAT IS ALSO A QUALIFIED PURCHASER AND IT 
AND ANY SUCH ACCOUNT (I) IS NOT FORMED FOR THE PURPOSE OF INVESTMENT IN 
THIS NOTE, UNLESS ALL OF ITS BENEFICIAL OWNERS ARE QUALIFIED PURCHASERS 
AND IT HAS RECEIVED THE NECESSARY CONSENT FROM ITS BENEFICIAL OWNERS 
WHEN IT IS A PRIVATE INVESTMENT COMPANY FORMED BEFORE 30 APRIL 1996, (II) IS 
NOT A DEALER DESCRIBED IN PARAGRAPH (a)(1)(ii) OF RULE 144A THAT OWNS AND 
INVESTS ON A DISCRETIONARY BASIS LESS THAN U.S.$25,000,000 IN SECURITIES OF 
UNAFFILIATED ISSUERS, (III) IS NOT A PLAN REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (a)(1)(i)(D) 
OR (a)(1)(i)(E) OF RULE 144A OR A TRUST FUND REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (a)(1)(i)(F) 
OF RULE 144A THAT HOLDS THE ASSETS OF SUCH PLAN, UNLESS INVESTMENT 
DECISIONS ARE MADE SOLELY BY THE FIDUCIARY, TRUSTEE OR SPONSOR OF SUCH 
PLAN, (IV) IS PURCHASING THIS NOTE IN AT LEAST A MINIMUM DENOMINATION OF 
U.S.$200,000 AND (V) WILL PROVIDE WRITTEN CERTIFICATION OF THE FOREGOING 
AND ANY OTHER APPLICABLE TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS TO ANY TRANSFEREE, OR 
(2) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION AND NOT TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT 
OF, A U.S. PERSON IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, 
AND (C) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES 
OF THE UNITED STATES.  AS USED HEREIN, THE TERMS “OFFSHORE TRANSACTION” 
AND “U.S. PERSON” HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM BY REGULATION S UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT. 
TRANSFER IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING WILL BE OF NO FORCE AND EFFECT, 
WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, AND WILL NOT OPERATE TO TRANSFER ANY RIGHTS TO THE 
TRANSFEREE, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY INSTRUCTIONS TO THE CONTRARY TO THE 
ISSUER OF THIS NOTE, THE TRUSTEE OR ANY INTERMEDIARY.  IF THE ISSUER 
DETERMINES THAT ANY BENEFICIAL OWNER OR HOLDER OF NOTES REPRESENTED BY 
THIS NOTE THAT IS A U.S. PERSON IS NOT A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER THAT 
IS ALSO A QUALIFIED PURCHASER, THE ISSUER WILL REQUIRE THAT SUCH 
BENEFICIAL OWNER OR HOLDER SELL ALL OF ITS RIGHT, TITLE AND INTEREST IN THIS 
NOTE TO A PERSON WHO IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER THAT IS ALSO A 
QUALIFIED PURCHASER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 
144A OR TO A PERSON THAT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON IN AN “OFFSHORE TRANSACTION” 
MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF REGULATION S, WITH SUCH SALE TO BE EFFECTED 
WITHIN 30 DAYS AFTER NOTICE OF SUCH SALE REQUIREMENT IS GIVEN.  IF SUCH SALE 
IS NOT EFFECTED WITHIN SUCH 30 DAYS, UPON WRITTEN DIRECTION FROM THE 
ISSUER, THE DISPOSAL AGENT WILL BE AUTHORISED TO CONDUCT A COMMERCIALLY 
REASONABLE SALE OF SUCH NOTES TO A PERSON WHO IS A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AND A QUALIFIED PURCHASER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING 
THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A OR TO A PERSON THAT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON IN AN 
“OFFSHORE TRANSACTION” MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF REGULATION S, AND, 
PENDING TRANSFER, NO FURTHER PAYMENTS WILL BE MADE IN RESPECT OF SUCH 
NOTES OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN. 
EACH PERSON WHO PURCHASES OR OTHERWISE ACQUIRES THIS NOTE (OR A 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN) IN AN “OFFSHORE TRANSACTION” IN RELIANCE ON 
REGULATION S, BY PURCHASING SUCH INTEREST IS ALSO DEEMED TO REPRESENT, 
WARRANT, ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER AND THE 
TRUSTEE THAT IT, AND EACH PERSON FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING, (I) IS NOT A U.S. 
PERSON (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S) AND (II) IS LOCATED OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED 
STATES. 
[EACH PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE WILL BE REQUIRED OR DEEMED TO 
REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT (A) IT IS NOT (I) AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN 
WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(3) OF THE UNITED STATES EMPLOYEE 
RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”), SUBJECT TO 
THE PROVISIONS OF PART 4 OF SUBTITLE B OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (II) A PLAN TO WHICH 
SECTION 4975 OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS 
AMENDED (THE “CODE”), APPLIES, OR (III) AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS

--- Page 192 ---
Transfer Restrictions 
 
 
183 
 
 
INCLUDE “PLAN ASSETS” BY REASON OF SUCH AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN’S OR 
PLAN’S INVESTMENT IN SUCH ENTITY (EACH OF (I), (III) AND (III), A “PLAN”) OR (IV) A 
GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN (A “SIMILAR LAW PLAN”) WHICH IS 
SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER LAWS OR 
REGULATIONS 
THAT 
ARE 
SUBSTANTIALLY 
SIMILAR 
TO 
THE 
PROHIBITED 
TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA AND/OR SECTION 4975 OF THE 
CODE (“SIMILAR LAWS”), AND NO PART OF THE ASSETS TO BE USED BY IT TO 
PURCHASE OR HOLD SUCH NOTES OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN CONSTITUTES THE 
ASSETS OF A PLAN OR SIMILAR LAW PLAN, OR (II) IT IS A SIMILAR LAW PLAN, BUT ITS 
PURCHASE, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF SUCH NOTE OR INTEREST THEREIN DOES 
NOT AND WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR OTHERWISE RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF ANY 
SIMILAR LAWS.]1 
EACH HOLDER AND BENEFICIAL OWNER OF A NOTE THAT IS NOT A “UNITED STATES 
PERSON” (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 7701(a)(30) OF THE CODE) WILL MAKE, OR BY 
ACQUIRING SUCH NOTE OR AN INTEREST THEREIN WILL BE DEEMED TO MAKE, A 
REPRESENTATION TO THE EFFECT THAT (A) EITHER (I) IT IS NOT A BANK EXTENDING 
CREDIT PURSUANT TO A LOAN AGREEMENT ENTERED INTO IN THE ORDINARY 
COURSE OF ITS TRADE OR BUSINESS (WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 881(c)(3)(A) 
OF THE CODE), OR (II) IT IS A PERSON THAT IS ELIGIBLE FOR BENEFITS UNDER AN 
INCOME TAX TREATY WITH THE UNITED STATES THAT ELIMINATES U.S. FEDERAL 
INCOME TAXATION OF U.S. SOURCE INTEREST NOT ATTRIBUTABLE TO A PERMANENT 
ESTABLISHMENT IN THE UNITED STATES, AND (B) IT IS NOT PURCHASING THE NOTE 
IN ORDER TO REDUCE ITS U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX LIABILITY OR PURSUANT TO A 
TAX AVOIDANCE PLAN WITH RESPECT TO U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAXES. 
THE FAILURE TO PROVIDE THE ISSUER, THE TRUSTEE AND ANY PAYING AGENT WITH 
THE APPLICABLE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CERTIFICATIONS (GENERALLY, A U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE FORM W-9 (OR SUCCESSOR APPLICABLE FORM) IN THE 
CASE OF A PERSON THAT IS A “UNITED STATES PERSON” WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
SECTION 7701(a)(30) OF THE CODE OR AN APPLICABLE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE 
SERVICE FORM W-8 (OR SUCCESSOR APPLICABLE FORM) IN THE CASE OF A PERSON 
THAT IS NOT A “UNITED STATES PERSON” WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 
7701(a)(30) OF THE CODE) MAY RESULT IN U.S. FEDERAL BACK-UP WITHHOLDING FROM 
PAYMENTS TO THE HOLDER IN RESPECT OF THIS NOTE. 
[THIS NOTE IS ISSUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AN EXEMPTION GRANTED BY THE 
CENTRAL BANK OF IRELAND UNDER SECTION 8(2) OF THE CENTRAL BANK ACT, 1971 
OF IRELAND, INSERTED BY SECTION 31 OF THE CENTRAL BANK ACT, 1989, AS 
AMENDED BY SECTION 70(d) OF THE CENTRAL BANK ACT, 1997, EACH AMENDED BY 
THE CENTRAL BANK AND FINANCIAL SERVICES AUTHORITY OF IRELAND ACT, 2004.  
THIS NOTE DOES NOT HAVE THE STATUS OF A BANK DEPOSIT, IS NOT WITHIN THE 
SCOPE OF THE DEPOSIT PROTECTION SCHEME OPERATED BY THE CENTRAL BANK OF 
IRELAND AND THE ISSUER IS NOT REGULATED BY THE CENTRAL BANK OF IRELAND.]2 
                                                     
1 
Remove if Notes are eligible to be purchased by ERISA Plans. Please consult with ERISA counsel if permitting ERISA Investors 
to purchase the Notes. 
2 
To be included for Notes with a maturity of less than 365 days issued by Premium Green, PREMIUM Plus and any other Issuer 
incorporated in Ireland.

--- Page 193 ---
Transfer Restrictions 
 
 
184 
 
 
(i) 
The purchaser acknowledges that the Issuer, the Arranger, the Trustee, the Registrar, the Paying Agents, 
the Dealers and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgments, 
representations and agreements, and agrees that if any of the acknowledgments, representations or 
agreements deemed to have been made by it by its purchase of Notes are no longer accurate, it shall 
promptly notify the Issuer and the initial purchaser.  If it is acquiring the Notes as a fiduciary or agent 
for one or more investor accounts, it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to 
each such account and it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgments, representations and 
agreements on behalf of each account. 
(j) 
The purchaser acknowledges that (a) it is not entitled to rely on the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their 
affiliates or any person acting on their behalf for any purpose, including without limitation the provision 
of legal, financial, economic or investment advice, or the performance of any verification or due 
diligence investigation, with respect to the its purchase of the Notes, and none of such persons has made 
any representation to the purchaser, express or implied, with respect thereto; (b) except for the Base 
Prospectus and Applicable Transaction Terms (if any), the purchaser has not been furnished with any 
information concerning the Notes or the Issuer by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any person 
acting on their behalf in connection with its decision to purchase the Notes; (c) the purchaser has 
conducted its own investigation with respect to the Notes and the Issuer and has relied on that 
investigation in making its decision to purchase the Notes; and (d) the purchaser has received all 
information that it believes is necessary or appropriate in connection with its decision to purchase the 
Notes. 
(k) 
The purchaser’s purchase of the Notes will not violate Section 12(d), Section 17 or any other provision 
of the Investment Company Act, and, in purchasing the Notes, the purchaser is not intending to evade, 
either alone or in conjunction with any other person, the requirements of the Investment Company Act. 
(l) 
(A) either (i) it is not, and it is not acting on behalf of (and for so long as it holds any such Note or any 
interest therein will not be, and will not be acting on behalf of), (I) an employee benefit plan within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended (“ERISA”), subject to the provisions of part 4 of subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, (II) a plan to 
which Section 4975 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), 
applies, or (III) an entity whose underlying assets include “plan assets” by reason of such an employee 
benefit plan’s or plan’s investment in such entity (each, a “Plan”), or a (IV) governmental, church or 
non-U.S. plan (a “Similar Law Plan”) which is subject to any federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other 
laws or regulations that are substantially similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 
of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code (“Similar Laws”), and no part of the assets to be used by it 
to purchase or hold such Notes or any interest therein constitutes the assets of a Plan or Similar Law 
Plan, or (ii) it is a Similar Law Plan, but its purchase, holding and disposition of such Note or interest 
therein does not and will not constitute or otherwise result in a violation of any Similar Laws; and (B) it 
will not sell or otherwise transfer any Note or any interest therein otherwise than to a purchaser or 
transferee that makes, or is deemed to make, these same representations, warranties and agreements 
with respect to its purchase, holding and disposition of such Notes. 
(m) 
The purchaser is not purchasing the notes in order to reduce its U.S. federal income tax liability pursuant 
to a tax avoidance plan. 
(n) 
If the purchaser is not a United States person (as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code), such 
purchaser either (x) is not a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the 
ordinary course of its trade or business (within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code) or 
(y) is a person that is eligible for benefits under an income tax treaty with the United States that 
eliminates U.S. federal income taxation of U.S. source interest not attributable to a permanent 
establishment in the United States. 
(o) 
The purchaser agrees that these deemed acknowledgements, representations and agreements shall be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law, and disputes arising out of these deemed 
representations shall be resolved exclusively in the courts of England.

--- Page 194 ---
Transfer Restrictions 
 
 
185 
 
 
Non-U.S. Purchasers pursuant to Regulation S 
Subject to any additional requirements or exceptions set forth in the Applicable Transaction Terms, each 
purchaser of Regulation S Global Notes will be deemed to have made the representations set forth in clauses (g) 
through (o) above and to have further represented and agreed as follows: 
(a) 
The purchaser is located outside the United States and is not a U.S. person. 
(b) 
The purchaser understands that the Regulation S Global Notes may not, at any time, be held by, or on 
behalf of, U.S. persons. 
(c) 
The purchaser of any Regulation S Global Notes which are Registered Notes will bear legend 
substantially to the effect set forth in clause (h) above. 
(d) 
The purchaser of any Regulation S Global Notes which are Bearer Notes understands that the Notes 
will bear legend substantially to the following effect: 
“[THIS NOTE IS ISSUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AN EXEMPTION GRANTED BY THE 
CENTRAL BANK OF IRELAND UNDER SECTION 8(2) OF THE CENTRAL BANK ACT, 1971 
OF IRELAND, INSERTED BY SECTION 31 OF THE CENTRAL BANK ACT, 1989, AS 
AMENDED BY SECTION 70(d) OF THE CENTRAL BANK ACT, 1997, EACH AMENDED BY 
THE CENTRAL BANK AND FINANCIAL SERIVCES AUTHORITY OF IRELAND ACT, 2004.  
THIS NOTE DOES NOT HAVE THE STATUS OF A BANK DEPOSIT, IS NOT WITHIN THE 
SCOPE OF THE DEPOSIT PROTECTION SCHEME OPERATED BY THE CENTRAL BANK OF 
IRELAND AND THE ISSUER IS NOT REGULATED BY THE CENTRAL BANK OF IRELAND.]3 
THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR WITH ANY 
SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION, AND 
THE ISSUER OF THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES 
INVESTMENT 
COMPANY 
ACT 
OF 
1940, 
AS 
AMENDED 
(THE 
“INVESTMENT 
COMPANY ACT”). 
EACH PERSON WHO PURCHASES OR OTHERWISE ACQUIRES AN INTEREST IN THIS 
NOTE IS DEEMED TO (1) REPRESENT THAT IT IS NOT A “U.S. PERSON” AND IS 
ACQUIRING SUCH INTEREST IN AN “OFFSHORE TRANSACTION” PURSUANT TO RULE 
903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND (2) AGREE THAT 
IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER SUCH INTEREST EXCEPT 
(A) TO THE ISSUER, OR (B) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION AND NOT TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, A U.S. PERSON IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, AND (C) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES.  AS USED HEREIN, THE 
TERMS “OFFSHORE TRANSACTION” AND “U.S. PERSON” HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN 
TO THEM BY REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
TRANSFER IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING WILL BE OF NO FORCE AND EFFECT, 
WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, AND WILL NOT OPERATE TO TRANSFER ANY RIGHTS TO THE 
TRANSFEREE, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY INSTRUCTIONS TO THE CONTRARY TO THE 
ISSUER OF THIS NOTE, THE TRUSTEE OR ANY INTERMEDIARY.  IF THE ISSUER 
DETERMINES THAT ANY BENEFICIAL OWNER OR HOLDER OF NOTES REPRESENTED BY 
THIS NOTE IS A U.S. PERSON, THE ISSUER WILL REQUIRE THAT SUCH BENEFICIAL 
OWNER OR HOLDER SELL ALL OF ITS RIGHT, TITLE AND INTEREST IN THIS NOTE TO A 
PERSON THAT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON IN AN “OFFSHORE TRANSACTION” MEETING THE 
REQUIREMENTS OF REGULATION S, WITH SUCH SALE TO BE EFFECTED WITHIN 30 
DAYS AFTER NOTICE OF SUCH SALE REQUIREMENT IS GIVEN.  IF SUCH SALE IS NOT 
EFFECTED WITHIN SUCH 30 DAYS, UPON WRITTEN DIRECTION FROM THE ISSUER, THE 
DISPOSAL AGENT WILL BE AUTHORISED TO CONDUCT A COMMERCIALLY 
                                                     
3 
To be included for Notes with a maturity of less than 365 days issued by Premium Green, PREMIUM Plus and any other Issuer 
incorporated in Ireland.

--- Page 195 ---
Transfer Restrictions 
 
 
186 
 
 
REASONABLE SALE OF SUCH NOTES TO A PERSON THAT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON IN AN 
“OFFSHORE TRANSACTION” MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF REGULATION S, AND, 
PENDING TRANSFER, NO FURTHER PAYMENTS WILL BE MADE IN RESPECT OF SUCH 
NOTES OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN. 
EACH PERSON WHO PURCHASES OR OTHERWISE ACQUIRES THIS NOTE (OR A 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN), BY PURCHASING SUCH INTEREST IS ALSO DEEMED 
TO REPRESENT, WARRANT, ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE 
ISSUER AND THE TRUSTEE THAT IT, AND EACH PERSON FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING, (I) IS 
NOT A U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S) AND (II) IS LOCATED OUTSIDE OF 
THE UNITED STATES. 
[EACH PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE WILL BE REQUIRED OR DEEMED TO 
REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT (A) IT IS NOT (I) AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN 
WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(3) OF THE UNITED STATES EMPLOYEE 
RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”), SUBJECT TO 
THE PROVISIONS OF PART 4 OF SUBTITLE B OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (II) A PLAN TO WHICH 
SECTION 4975 OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS 
AMENDED (THE “CODE”), APPLIES, OR (III) AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
INCLUDE “PLAN ASSETS” BY REASON OF SUCH AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN’S OR 
PLAN’S INVESTMENT IN SUCH ENTITY (EACH OF (I), (III) AND (III), A “PLAN”) OR (IV) A 
GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN (A “SIMILAR LAW PLAN”) WHICH IS 
SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER LAWS OR 
REGULATIONS 
THAT 
ARE 
SUBSTANTIALLY 
SIMILAR 
TO 
THE 
PROHIBITED 
TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA AND/OR SECTION 4975 OF THE 
CODE (“SIMILAR LAWS”), AND NO PART OF THE ASSETS TO BE USED BY IT TO 
PURCHASE OR HOLD SUCH NOTES OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN CONSTITUTES THE 
ASSETS OF A PLAN OR SIMILAR LAW PLAN, OR (II) IT IS A SIMILAR LAW PLAN, BUT ITS 
PURCHASE, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF SUCH NOTE OR INTEREST THEREIN DOES 
NOT AND WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR OTHERWISE RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF ANY 
SIMILAR LAWS.]4 
EACH HOLDER AND BENEFICIAL OWNER OF A NOTE THAT IS NOT A “UNITED STATES 
PERSON” (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 7701(a)(30) OF THE CODE) WILL MAKE, OR BY 
ACQUIRING SUCH NOTE OR AN INTEREST THEREIN WILL BE DEEMED TO MAKE, A 
REPRESENTATION TO THE EFFECT THAT (A) EITHER (I) IT IS NOT A BANK EXTENDING 
CREDIT PURSUANT TO A LOAN AGREEMENT ENTERED INTO IN THE ORDINARY 
COURSE OF ITS TRADE OR BUSINESS (WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 881(c)(3)(A) 
OF THE CODE), OR (II) IT IS A PERSON THAT IS ELIGIBLE FOR BENEFITS UNDER AN 
INCOME TAX TREATY WITH THE UNITED STATES THAT ELIMINATES U.S. FEDERAL 
INCOME TAXATION OF U.S. SOURCE INTEREST NOT ATTRIBUTABLE TO A PERMANENT 
ESTABLISHMENT IN THE UNITED STATES, AND (B) IT IS NOT PURCHASING THE NOTE 
IN ORDER TO REDUCE ITS U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX LIABILITY OR PURSUANT TO A 
TAX AVOIDANCE PLAN WITH RESPECT TO U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAXES. 
THE FAILURE TO PROVIDE THE ISSUER, THE TRUSTEE AND ANY PAYING AGENT WITH 
THE APPLICABLE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CERTIFICATIONS (GENERALLY, A U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE FORM W-9 (OR SUCCESSOR APPLICABLE FORM) IN THE 
CASE OF A PERSON THAT IS A “UNITED STATES PERSON” WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
SECTION 7701(a)(30) OF THE CODE OR AN APPLICABLE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE 
SERVICE FORM W-8 (OR SUCCESSOR APPLICABLE FORM) IN THE CASE OF A PERSON 
THAT IS NOT A “UNITED STATES PERSON” WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 
7701(a)(30) OF THE CODE) MAY RESULT IN U.S. FEDERAL BACK-UP WITHHOLDING FROM 
PAYMENTS TO THE HOLDER IN RESPECT OF THIS NOTE. 
                                                     
4 
Remove if Notes are eligible to be purchased by ERISA Plans. Please consult with ERISA counsel if permitting ERISA Investors 
to purchase the Notes.

--- Page 196 ---
Transfer Restrictions 
 
 
187 
 
 
ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTION 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.” 
Purchasers of Bearer Notes and Definitive Notes 
No initial or subsequent sale or other transfer of Global Bearer Notes and Definitive Notes (including, without 
limitation, by pledge or hypothecation) or any interest therein may be made unless such sale or transfer is made 
(A) to a non-U.S. person in an offshore transaction in accordance with the requirements of Regulation S and 
(B) in accordance with applicable law.  In addition, each sale or other transfer of the Bearer Notes and the 
Definitive Notes must comply with the Trust Deed and the Programme Dealer Agreement. 
The legends of the Bearer Notes and the Definitive Notes, as well as representations of purchasers of the Bearer 
Notes and the Definitive Notes, are set out in the Trust Deed. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes otherwise than in conformity with the provisions 
of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended, the “MiFID 
II Regulations”), including, without limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation (and certain 
provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof, or any rules or codes of conduct made under the 
MiFID II Regulations, and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(b) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes otherwise than in conformity with the provisions 
of the Companies Act 2014, the Central Bank Acts 1942-2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice 
made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended); 
(c) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in Ireland in respect of, the Notes otherwise 
than in conformity with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, the European Union (Prospectus) 
Regulations 2019 and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under Section 1363 of the 
Companies Act 2014; and 
(d) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of, the Notes otherwise 
than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) (as amended), 
the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) and any rules and guidance issued 
by the Central Bank under Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the relevant Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law or regulation.  Any such modification will be set out in the Applicable Transaction 
Terms issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates. 
Other than in Ireland (where this Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank), no action has been 
or will be taken in any jurisdiction that would, or is intended to permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Applicable Transaction 
Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will comply with all relevant laws or regulations in each jurisdiction in which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any other 
offering material or any Applicable Transaction Terms. 
European Economic Area 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell

--- Page 197 ---
Transfer Restrictions 
 
 
188 
 
 
or otherwise make available any Notes to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
In relation to the United Kingdom only, each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
General compliance 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom; 
(b) 
Investment advertisements 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
Redemption before the first anniversary of the date of issue 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes

--- Page 198 ---
Transfer Restrictions 
 
 
189 
 
 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA by any Issuer. 
The Republic of France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to the 
public in France, and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be 
distributed to the public in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms or any other 
offering material relating to the Notes, and that such offers, sales and distributions have been and shall only be 
made in France only to (a) providers of investment services relating to portfolio management for the account of 
third parties (personnes fournissant le service d’investissement de gestion de portefeuille pour compte de tiers); 
and/or (b) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) acting for their own account, all as defined in, and in 
accordance with, Articles L.411-1, L.411-2 and D.411-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Hong Kong 
This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be approved by or registered with the Securities and Futures 
Commission of Hong Kong or the Registrar of Companies of Hong Kong. No person may offer or sell in Hong 
Kong, by means of any document, any Notes other than (i) to “professional investors” as defined in the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder, or (ii) in 
other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies 
(Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32, Laws of Hong Kong) (the “C(WUMP)O”) 
or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O.  No person may issue 
or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes which is directed at, or the contents of which are 
likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong 
Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of 
Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to agree that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in 
Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for reoffering 
or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each future Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused any Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause 
any Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant 
to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with

--- Page 199 ---
Transfer Restrictions 
 
 
190 
 
 
the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
the “securities” or “securities-based derivatives contracts” (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six (6) months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offer of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Taiwan 
The Notes, if listed on the Taipei Exchange for sale to professional or general investors in Taiwan and to the 
extent permitted by the relevant Taiwan laws and regulations, may be sold in Taiwan to all professional or 
general investors, as applicable, or, if not listed in Taiwan, may be made available (i) to investors in Taiwan 
through licensed Taiwan financial institutions to the extent permitted under relevant Taiwan laws and 
regulations; (ii) to the Offshore Banking Units of Taiwan Banks (including Taiwan branches of foreign banks) 
purchasing the Notes either for their proprietary account, in trust for their non-Taiwan trust clients or for 
purposes of on-sale to qualified Taiwan investors; (iii) to the Offshore Securities Units of Taiwan securities 
firms (including Taiwan branches of foreign securities firms) purchasing the Notes for their proprietary account, 
in trust for their trust clients, as agent for their brokerage clients or for purposes of on-sale to qualified Taiwan 
investors; (iv) the Offshore Insurance Units of Taiwan Insurance companies (including Taiwan branches of 
foreign insurance companies) purchasing the Notes for their proprietary account or in connection with the 
issuance of investment linked insurance policies to non-Taiwan policy holders; or (v) outside of Taiwan to 
Taiwan resident investors for purchase by such investors outside Taiwan, but may not otherwise be offered, sold 
or resold in Taiwan.

--- Page 200 ---
Conflicts of Interest 
 
 
191 
 
 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
Prospective investors/counterparties should carefully consider the following conflicts of interest prior to 
investing in any Notes. No investment should be made in the Notes of any Series until after careful consideration 
of all of these conflicts of interest.  Prospective investors should reach an investment decision with respect to 
the suitability of the Notes of such Series for them only after careful consideration and consultation with their 
financial and legal advisers. 
1. 
Conflicts of Interest involving Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and its respective 
Affiliates 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and its respective affiliates are acting in a number of capacities 
in connection with the transaction described herein.  Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and any 
of its respective affiliates acting in such capacities will have only the duties and responsibilities expressly agreed 
to by such entity in the relevant capacity and will not, by reason of it or any of its affiliates acting in any other 
capacity, be deemed to have other duties or responsibilities or be deemed to be held to a standard of care other 
than as expressly provided with respect to each such capacity.  In no event shall Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank or any of its respective affiliates be deemed to have any fiduciary obligations to any person by 
reason of it or any of its affiliates acting in any capacity. 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and its respective affiliates may purchase, hold and sell the 
Notes from time to time. 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and its respective affiliates currently act as arranger, dealer 
and/or investment adviser for entities having investment objectives similar to those of each of the Issuers, the 
obligors of the Charged Assets or the Reference Entities (or Notional Reference Entities, as applicable) and in 
respect of notes or other instruments similar to the Notes, the Charged Assets or any Reference Obligations (and 
may act as such in the future).  Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and its respective affiliates may: 
(a) 
deal in any Charged Assets, other obligations of any obligor of Charged Assets, Reference Obligation 
or other securities of any Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entity, as applicable); 
(b) 
advise or distribute obligations on behalf of an obligor of any Charged Assets or a Reference Entity (or 
Notional Reference Entity, as applicable), arrange or manage transactions on behalf of an obligor of 
any Charged Assets or a Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entity, as applicable) or provide 
banking services to an obligor of any Charged Assets or a Reference Entity (or Notional Reference 
Entity, as applicable); 
(c) 
enter into other credit derivatives involving reference entities that may include an obligor of any 
Charged Assets or the Reference Entities (or Notional Reference Entities, as applicable) (including 
credit derivatives to hedge their obligations under any Related Agreement); 
(d) 
accept deposits from, make loans or otherwise extend credit to, and generally engage in any kind of 
commercial or investment banking or other business with, any obligor of any Charged Assets or 
Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entity, as applicable) or any other person or other entity having 
obligations relating to any obligor of any Charged Assets or Reference Entity (or Notional Reference 
Entity, as applicable); and 
(e) 
act with respect to such business in the same manner as if the Related Agreement did not exist, 
regardless of whether any such relationship or action might have an adverse effect on any on obligor of 
any Charged Assets or Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entity, as applicable) (including, 
without limitation, any action which might constitute or give rise to a Credit Event) or on the position 
of any other party to the transaction described herein or otherwise (including any obligor in respect of 
the assets or obligations underlying the Charged Assets or Reference Obligations). 
Employees of Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and its respective affiliates may also serve as 
directors of other entities having investment objectives similar to those of each of the Issuers. 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and its respective affiliates may take actions under the Swap 
Agreement, the Repurchase Agreement, the Securities Lending Agreement or otherwise that may be inconsistent

--- Page 201 ---
Conflicts of Interest 
 
 
192 
 
 
with or adverse to the interests of each of the Issuers or the Noteholders.  The interests and incentives of Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank in connection with the Swap Agreement, the Repurchase Agreement, 
the Securities Lending Agreement or otherwise may differ from those of each of the Issuers and the Noteholders.  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank will not be obliged to take any action to minimise losses or 
maximise recoveries in respect of Reference Obligations. 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and its respective affiliates may, whether as a result of 
relationships described above or otherwise, at the trade date of any Related Agreement or at any later time, be 
in possession of information in relation to any obligor of any Charged Assets or Reference Entity (or Notional 
Reference Entity, as applicable) or Reference Obligation or otherwise that is or may be material in the context 
of the Related Agreement and the Notes and that may or may not be publicly available and which information 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank or such affiliates may be prohibited from disclosing or using 
for the benefit of each of the Issuers. 
2. 
Conflicts of Interest – General 
Each of the Issuers, the Dealers, the Trustee, the Issue Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Disposal Agent, the other Agents or any of their affiliates may have existing or future business relationships 
with the Swap Counterparty (if any), the Repurchase Counterparty (if any), the Securities Lending Counterparty 
(if any) or any Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entity, as applicable) or any obligor in relation to any 
Underlying Assets (including, but not limited to, lending, depository, risk management, advisory and banking 
relationships), and will pursue actions and take steps that they deem or it deems necessary or appropriate to 
protect their or its interests arising therefrom without regard to the consequences for a holder of Notes. 
Furthermore, the Dealers, the Trustee, the Issue Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Disposal Agent, the other Agents or any of their respective affiliates may buy, sell or hold positions in 
obligations of, or act as investment or commercial bankers, advisers or fiduciaries to, or hold directorship and 
officer positions in, any Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entity, as applicable) or any obligor in relation 
to any Charged Assets. 
Various potential and actual conflicts of interest may arise between the interests of the Noteholders, on one 
hand, and the Swap Counterparty, the Repurchase Counterparty, the Securities Lending Counterparty, the 
Calculation Agent, the Disposal Agent and their respective affiliates, on the other hand, as a result of the various 
businesses and activities of the Swap Counterparty, the Repurchase Counterparty, the Securities Lending 
Counterparty, the Calculation Agent, the Disposal Agent and their respective affiliates, and none of such persons 
is required to resolve such conflicts of interest in favour of the Noteholders. 
The Swap Counterparty, the Repurchase Counterparty, the Securities Lending Counterparty, the Calculation 
Agent, the Disposal Agent and their respective affiliates may deal in Reference Obligations or in other 
obligations of any obligor of Charged Assets or Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entity, as applicable) 
and/or guarantor of Charged Assets or a Reference Obligation, may acquire or accept information from, make 
loans or otherwise extend credit to, and generally engage in any kind of commercial or investment banking or 
other business transactions with, any obligor of Charged Assets or Reference Entity (or Notional Reference 
Entity, as applicable) and/or guarantor of any Charged Assets or Reference Obligation or otherwise.  In this 
respect, the Swap Counterparty, the Repurchase Counterparty, the Securities Lending Counterparty, the 
Calculation Agent and the Disposal Agent may pursue such actions and take such steps as they each deem 
necessary or appropriate in their sole and absolute discretion to protect their respective interests, and in the same 
manner as if the Swap Agreement, the Repurchase Agreement or the Securities Lending Agreement (as 
applicable) and the Notes did not exist and, without regard as to whether such action or steps might give rise to 
a Credit Event or have an adverse effect on the Notes, the Noteholders, the Charged Assets, the Reference 
Obligations, other obligations of the obligors of the Charged Assets or the Reference Entities (or Notional 
Reference Entities, as applicable) and/or guarantors of the Underlying Assets or the Reference Obligations. 
3. 
Conflicts of Interest – Credit Linked Notes 
The Arranger, any Dealer, the Swap Counterparty, the Trustee, the Custodian, any Agent and any of their 
affiliates may act as a member of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee.  In such case, the interests of 
the Arranger, any Dealer, the Swap Counterparty, the Trustee, the Custodian, any Agent and any of their 
affiliates may be opposed to the interests of the holders of Credit Linked Notes and they will be entitled to and 
will act without regard to the interests of holders of Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 202 ---
Conflicts of Interest 
 
 
193 
 
 
If an auction is held in respect of a Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entity, as applicable) for which a 
Credit Event has occurred, there is a possibility that the Arranger, any Dealer, the Swap Counterparty, the 
Trustee, the Custodian, one the Agents or one of their affiliates would act as a participating bidder in any such 
auction.  In such capacity, it may take certain actions which may influence the final price determined pursuant 
to the auction, including, without limitation, (i) providing rates of conversion to determine the applicable 
currency conversion rates to be used to convert any obligations that are not denominated in the auction currency 
into such currency for the purposes of the auction and (ii) submitting bids, offers and physical settlement 
requests with respect to the relevant deliverable obligations.  In deciding whether to take any such action, or 
whether to act as a participating bidder in any auction, the Arranger, any Dealer, the Swap Counterparty, the 
Trustee, the Custodian, any Agent and any of their affiliates shall be under no obligation to consider the interests 
of any holder of the Notes.

--- Page 203 ---
General Disclaimers 
 
 
194 
 
 
GENERAL DISCLAIMERS 
Prospective investors/counterparties should carefully consider the following disclaimers prior to investing in 
any Notes.  These disclaimers set out the limitations of the liabilities of the Issuers and the transaction parties 
with respect to certain risks involved with investing in the Notes. No investment should be made in the Notes of 
any Series until after careful consideration of all of these disclaimers in relation to the Notes of such Series.  
Prospective investors should reach an investment decision with respect to the suitability of the Notes of such 
Series for them only after careful consideration and consultation with their financial and legal advisers. 
1. 
Change of Law 
The conditions of the Notes (including any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom or connected 
therewith) are based on relevant laws in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  No assurance can be given 
as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to such laws or the official application or 
interpretation of such laws or administrative practices after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
2. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Prospective investors should determine whether an investment in the Notes is appropriate in their particular 
circumstances and should consult with their legal, business and tax advisers and such other advisers as they 
deem necessary to determine the appropriateness, effect, risks and consequences of an investment in the Notes.  
Any decision by prospective investors to make an investment in the Notes should be based upon their own 
judgement and upon any advice from such advisers, and not upon any view expressed by any Issuer, the 
Arranger and Dealers. 
Given the highly specialised nature of these Notes, each of the Issuers, the Arranger and Dealers consider that 
they are only suitable for investors who: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices, 
asset prices, rates, credit risk and financial markets; 
(e) 
for an indefinite period of time, which may involve a partial or complete loss of principal and interest; 
(f) 
are acquiring the Notes for their own account for investment, not with a view to resale, distribution or 
other disposition of the Notes (subject to any applicable law requiring that the disposition of the 
investor’s property be within its control); and 
(g) 
recognise that it may not be possible to make any transfer of the Notes for a substantial period of time, 
if at all. 
Consequently, a prospective investor who does not fall within the description above should not consider 
purchasing these Notes without taking detailed advice from a specialised professional adviser.

--- Page 204 ---
General Disclaimers 
 
 
195 
 
 
Prospective investors should also appreciate that: 
(a) 
they cannot rely, and will not at any time in the future be able to rely, on any Issuer, the Swap 
Counterparty (if any), the Repurchase Counterparty (if any), the Securities Lending Counterparty (if 
any), the Arranger and Dealers or any other member of the group of companies of which the Arranger 
and Dealers form a part (each, a “Group”) to provide them with any information relating to, or to keep 
under review on their behalf, the business, financial condition, prospects, worthiness, status or affairs 
of the obligor of the Charged Assets or any Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entity, as 
applicable) or any Reference Obligation or to conduct any investigation or due diligence with respect 
to any such person; 
(b) 
in connection with the issue of the Notes, none of the Issuers, the Swap Counterparty (if any), the 
Repurchase Counterparty (if any), the Securities Lending Counterparty (if any), the Arranger and the 
Dealers nor any Group company has made or is making any representations whatsoever as to the obligor 
of the Charged Assets or any Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entity, as applicable) or any 
Reference Obligation or any information contained in any document filed by any such person with any 
exchange or with any regulatory authority or governmental entity; 
(c) 
each of the Issuers, the Swap Counterparty (if any), the Repurchase Counterparty (if any), the Securities 
Lending Counterparty (if any), the Arranger and Dealers and each Group company, as the case may be, 
may deal in and accept deposits from, make loans or otherwise extend credit to, and generally engage 
in any kind of commercial or investment banking activities or other business including any derivatives 
business (howsoever defined) with the obligor of the Charged Assets or any Reference Entity (or 
Notional Reference Entity, as applicable) or any Reference Obligation or any of their subsidiaries or 
affiliates or any other person or entity having obligations relating to the obligor of the Charged Assets 
or any Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entity, as applicable) or any Reference Obligation and 
may act with respect to such activities or business without accountability to any investor in the Notes 
in the same manner as if the Notes did not exist, regardless of whether any such action might have an 
adverse effect (including, without limitation, by constituting or giving rise to any breach, event of 
default, credit event or termination event) on the obligor of the Charged Assets or any Reference Entity 
(or Notional Reference Entity, as applicable) or any Reference Obligation or any investor in the Notes; 
and 
(d) 
each of the Issuers, the Swap Counterparty (if any), the Repurchase Counterparty (if any), the Securities 
Lending Counterparty (if any), the Arranger and Dealers and each Group company may, whether by 
virtue of the types of relationships described above or otherwise, at this date or at any time be in 
possession of information in relation to the obligor of the Charged Assets or any Reference Entity (or 
Notional Reference Entity, as applicable) or any Reference Obligation which is or may be material in 
the context of the Notes and which is or may not be known to the general public or to investors in the 
Notes.  Purchase of the Notes by any investor does not create any obligation on the part of the Swap 
Counterparty (if any), the Repurchase Counterparty (if any), the Securities Lending Counterparty (if 
any), the Arranger and Dealers, any Issuer or any Group company to disclose to such investor any such 
relationship or information (whether or not confidential) and none of the Swap Counterparty (if any), 
the Repurchase Counterparty (if any), the Securities Lending Counterparty (if any), the Arranger, the 
Dealers, the Issuers nor any other Group company shall be liable to such investor by reason of such 
non-disclosure. 
Before making an investment decision, prospective investors should inform themselves about, and make a 
detailed evaluation of, the nature and financial position of any obligor of the Charged Assets and any Reference 
Entity (or Notional Reference Entity, as applicable) or any Reference Obligation, the economic, social and 
political condition of the jurisdiction in which any such obligor is located and of the terms and conditions of the 
Charged Assets and the Reference Obligations, and should acquire for themselves such further information as 
they deem necessary in respect of the Reference Entities (or Notional Reference Entities, as applicable) and the 
Reference Obligations.  Neither the Issuers nor any party referred to herein has had any access to any such 
obligor or the Reference Entities (or Notional Reference Entities, as applicable) for the purposes of conducting 
any such investigation and no such person makes any representations as to the financial condition or 
creditworthiness of any such obligor or the Reference Entities (or Notional Reference Entities, as applicable).  
In addition, prospective investors should consider the nature and financial position of each of the Issuers as well

--- Page 205 ---
General Disclaimers 
 
 
196 
 
 
as the terms and conditions of the Notes and the other related transaction documents described below.  The 
value of any Charged Assets will have a direct impact on the amounts payable to Noteholders in respect of the 
Notes.  Prospective purchasers are advised to review carefully the offering documents for the Charged Assets 
before deciding whether an investment in the Notes is suitable for them. 
The Charged Assets may comprise assets which are not admitted to any public trading market and may therefore 
be illiquid and not readily realisable. 
Before making an investment decision, and without restricting the generality of the preceding paragraph, such 
prospective purchaser must determine that its acquisition and holding of the Notes (i) is fully consistent with its 
(or if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, the beneficiary’s) financial needs, objectives and condition, 
(ii) complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it 
(whether acquiring the Notes as principal or in a fiduciary capacity) and (iii) is a fit, proper and suitable 
investment for it (or if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, for the beneficiary), notwithstanding the 
clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes.  None of the Issuers, the Trustee, the 
Agents, the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates is acting as an investment adviser and none 
of the Issuers, the Agents, the Arranger, the Dealers or any of the respective affiliates (other than the Trustee) 
assumes any fiduciary obligation, to any purchaser of Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation nor should it be 
considered as a recommendation or constituting an invitation or offer that any recipient of the Base Prospectus 
should purchase any Notes.  The Trustee, the Arranger and the Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the 
financial condition or affairs of any Issuer, the Swap Counterparty (if any), the Repurchase Counterparty (if 
any), the Securities Lending Counterparty (if any) or any Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entity, as 
applicable). 
3. 
Limited recourse; Non Petition; Corporate Obligations; Related Risks 
Claims against each of the Issuers by, inter alios, holders of the Notes of a Series, by the Swap Counterparty (if 
any), by the Repurchase Counterparty (if any), by the Securities Lending Counterparty (if any) and by any other 
secured creditors will be limited to the secured assets relating to such Series.  The proceeds of realisation of 
such secured assets may be less than the sums due to the holders of the Notes, the Swap Counterparty (if any), 
the Repurchase Counterparty (if any), the Securities Lending Counterparty (if any) and the other secured 
creditors.  Any shortfall will be borne by the holders of the Notes, by the Swap Counterparty (if any), by the 
Repurchase Counterparty (if any), by the Securities Lending Counterparty (if any) and by the other secured 
creditors in accordance with the relevant order of priority.  Each holder of Notes, by subscribing for or 
purchasing the Notes, will be deemed to accept and acknowledge that it is fully aware that, in the event of a 
shortfall, (i) each of the Issuers shall be under no obligation to pay, and the other assets (if any) of each of the 
Issuers (including, in particular, assets securing other Series of Notes) will not be available for payment of, such 
shortfall, (ii) all claims in respect of such shortfall shall be extinguished, and (iii) the Trustee, the holders of the 
Notes, the Swap Counterparty (if any), the Repurchase Counterparty (if any), the Securities Lending 
Counterparty (if any) and the other secured creditors shall have no further claim against any of the Issuers in 
respect of such unpaid amounts and will accordingly not be able to petition for the winding up of any of the 
Issuers and, where the Issuer is incorporated in Ireland, the appointment of an examiner or other proceedings 
under any similar law for so long as any Notes or other Obligations of any Series are outstanding or for two 
years plus one day after the latest date on which any Note or other Obligation of any Series is due to mature, as 
a consequence of such shortfall. 
The Notes are direct, limited recourse obligations of each of the Issuers alone and none of the officers, members, 
directors, employees, shareholders or incorporators of any of the Issuers, the Trustee, the Agents, the Swap 
Counterparty (if any), the Repurchase Counterparty (if any), the Securities Lending Counterparty (if any) or the 
Reference Entities (or Notional Reference Entities, as applicable) or their respective successors or assigns will 
be obligated to make payments on the Notes.  Furthermore, they are not obligations of, or guaranteed in any 
way by, the Dealers. 
4. 
No Regulation of the Issuer by any Regulatory Authority 
Each of the Issuers is not required to be licensed or regulated under any current securities, commodities, 
insurance or banking laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation.

--- Page 206 ---
General Disclaimers 
 
 
197 
 
 
Any investment in the Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit in Ireland and is not within the scope of 
the deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank.  The Issuer is not regulated by the Central Bank 
by virtue of the issue of Notes. 
5. 
Provision of information 
Neither the Issuers, the Trustee, the Issue Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Disposal 
Agent, the other Agents, the Arranger, the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates make any representation 
as to the credit quality of the Swap Counterparty (if any), the Repurchase Counterparty (if any), the Securities 
Lending Counterparty (if any) or any Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entity, as applicable).  Any of 
the Issuers, the Trustee, the Issue Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Disposal Agent, 
the other Agents, the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates may have acquired, or during the 
term of the Notes may acquire, non-public information with respect to the Swap Counterparty (if any), the 
Repurchase Counterparty (if any), the Securities Lending Counterparty (if any) or any Reference Entity (or 
Notional Reference Entity, as applicable).  None of the Issuers, the Trustee, the Issue Agent, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Disposal Agent, the other Agents, the Arranger, the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates is under any obligation to make available any information relating to, or keep under review 
on the investors’ behalf, the business, financial conditions, prospects, creditworthiness or status of affairs of the 
Swap Counterparty (if any), the Repurchase Counterparty (if any), the Securities Lending Counterparty (if any) 
or any Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entity, as applicable) or conduct any investigation or due 
diligence into the Swap Counterparty (if any), the Repurchase Counterparty (if any), the Securities Lending 
Counterparty (if any) or any Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entity, as applicable). 
6. 
Legal opinions 
Legal opinions relating to the Notes will be obtained on issue with respect to the laws of England and the 
jurisdiction of incorporation of each of the Issuers but no such opinions will be obtained with respect to any 
other applicable laws and no investigations will be made into the validity or enforceability of the laws of any 
other jurisdiction in respect of the obligations under the Notes.  Any such legal opinions will not be addressed 
to, and may not be relied on by, holders of the Notes.  In particular, save as aforesaid, no legal opinions will be 
obtained in relation to: 
(i) 
the laws of the country of incorporation of any Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entity, as 
applicable) or any obligor of any Charged Assets; or 
(ii) 
the laws of the country which are expressed to govern any obligations of any Reference Entity (or 
Notional Reference Entity, as applicable) or any obligor of any Charged Assets.  Such laws, depending 
upon the circumstances, may affect, among other things, the validity and legal and binding effect of the 
obligations of any Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entity, as applicable) and/or any obligor of 
any Charged Assets and the effectiveness and ranking of the security for the Notes. 
Consequently, no responsibility is accepted by any of the Issuers in relation to such matters. 
7. 
Certain ERISA Considerations 
Unless specified otherwise in the Applicable Transaction Terms, each of the Issuers intends to prohibit 
investment by Plans (as defined below) and governmental, church or non-US plans which are subject to any 
federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other laws or regulations that are substantially similar to the prohibited 
transaction provisions of Section 406 of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended (“ERISA”), or Section 4975 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
“Code”) in the Notes so that assets of each of the Issuers should not be deemed to be “plan assets” subject to 
Section 406 of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code within the meaning of the regulation issued by the U.S. 
Department of Labor (29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101) (the “Plan Asset Regulation”).  If the assets of any of the 
Issuers were deemed to be “plan assets,” certain transactions that such Issuer might enter into, or may have 
entered into, in the ordinary course of its business might constitute direct or indirect non-exempt prohibited 
transactions under Section 406 of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code and might have to be rescinded. 
“ERISA Plan” means an employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, subject to the 
provisions of part 4 of subtitle B of Title I of ERISA including entities such as collective investment funds and 
separate accounts whose underlying assets are deemed to include the assets of such plans.

--- Page 207 ---
General Disclaimers 
 
 
198 
 
 
“Plans” means an ERISA Plan and those plans that are not subject to ERISA but which are subject to 
Section 4975 of the Code, such as individual retirement accounts and Keogh plans. 
8. 
Independent Review 
It is an express term of the Obligations that the Noteholder or investor, as applicable, has made its own 
independent assessment as to whether purchasing the Obligations is appropriate for it based upon its own 
judgement and upon advice from such advisers as it considers necessary.  None of the Issuers, the Arranger, the 
Trustee and the Agents is acting as the Noteholder’s or investor’s, as applicable, financial advisor and none of 
the Issuers, the Arranger and the Agents is acting in a fiduciary capacity in relation to the Obligations.  No 
Noteholder or investor, as applicable, may rely on any communication (written or oral) made by any of the 
Issuers or the Arranger as constituting either investment advice or a recommendation to purchase the 
Obligations.  No communication (written or oral) received by the Noteholder, or investor, as applicable, from 
any of the Issuers or the Arranger constitutes an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results or likely return 
under the Obligations. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) the Notes are legal investments for it, (2) the Notes can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of the 
Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
9. 
Eligibility of certain Global Notes for Eurosystem Monetary Policy 
Each of Premium Green PLC and PREMIUM Plus p.l.c. gives no representation, warranty, confirmation or 
guarantee to any investor in any Series of Notes that such Notes will, either upon issue, or at any or all times 
during their life, satisfy all or any requirements for Eurosystem eligibility and be recognised as Eurosystem 
Eligible Collateral.  Any potential investor in such Notes should make their own conclusions and seek their own 
advice with respect to whether or not the Notes constitute Eurosystem Eligible Collateral. 
10. 
EMIR 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks posed by EMIR, the relevant regulatory technical standards, any other secondary legislation any 
re-enactment of EMIR and Regulation (EU) No 2019/834 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending EMIR (the “EMIR Refit Regulation”) in making any investment decision in respect of 
the Notes. 
11. 
Index/Formula-Linked Notes 
Index/Formula-Linked Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the sponsor of the 
relevant Index(ices) (the “Sponsor”) and the Sponsor(s) make(s) no warranty or representation whatsoever, 
express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Index(ices) and/or the figure at 
which the Index(ices) stands at any particular time on any particular day or otherwise.  The Sponsor(s) shall not 
be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Index(ices) and the Sponsor(s) 
shall not be under any obligation to advise any person of an error therein. 
12. 
Fund Linked Notes 
Each Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest (subject to exercise of the switch 
option pursuant to Condition 6(o) (Switch Option) of the Notes, if specified as applicable in the Applicable 
Transaction Terms) payable are dependent upon the price or changes in the price of units or shares in a fund or 
funds or, depending on the price or changes in the price of units or shares in such fund or funds, the relevant 
Issuer’s obligation on redemption is to deliver a specified amount of fund shares. 
Prospective investors should review carefully the prospectus, information memorandum and/or offering circular 
(if any) issued by any relevant fund before purchasing any such Notes.  None of the Issuer, the Counterparty or 
any affiliate of the Counterparty or the Calculation Agent make any representation as to the creditworthiness of 
any relevant fund or any such fund’s administrative, custodian, investment manager or adviser.

--- Page 208 ---
General Disclaimers 
 
 
199 
 
 
Prospective investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the fund linked Notes 
(i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest or delivery of any 
specified fund shares may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial 
portion of their investment.  In addition, the movements in the price of units, shares or interests in the fund or 
funds may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies 
or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant price of the units or shares in the fund or funds may 
affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations.  In general, the 
earlier the change in the price or prices of the units, shares or interests in the fund or funds, the greater the effect 
on yield. 
13. 
Credit Linked Notes 
Without prejudice to any other provisions of this Base Prospectus, any investment in Credit Linked Notes shall 
be subject to the following disclaimers. 
Calculation Agent will act in its own interests 
In performing its duties pursuant to the Notes and making any determinations expressed to be made by it, for 
example, as to substitute Reference Obligations or successors, the Calculation Agent shall act in its sole and 
absolute discretion and is under no obligation to act in the interests of the Noteholders, nor will it be liable to 
account for any profit or other benefit which may accrue to it as a result of such determinations.  The Calculation 
Agent is not bound to follow, or act in accordance with, any determination of the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees were established in 2009 to make determinations that are 
relevant to the majority of the credit derivatives market and to promote transparency and consistency. 
In making any determination with respect to a Credit Event or a Succession Event, the Calculation Agent or, as 
the case may be, the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement may have regard to announcements, 
determinations and resolutions made by ISDA and/or the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees.  In 
certain circumstances, the Notes may be subject to the announcements, determinations and resolutions made by 
ISDA and/or the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees.  Such announcements, determinations and 
resolutions could affect the quantum and timing of payments of interest and principal.  For the avoidance of 
doubt, none of the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty, the Calculation Agent under the Swap Agreement or any 
other relevant parties in respect of the Notes will be liable to any person for any determination, redemption, 
calculation and/or delay or suspension of payments and/or redemption or cancellation of the Notes resulting 
from or relating to any announcements, publications, determinations and resolutions made by ISDA and/or any 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
Risks associated with auction settlement following a Credit Event 
Neither the Calculation Agent, the Issuer nor any of their respective affiliates has any responsibility for verifying 
that any auction price is reflective of current market values, for establishing any auction methodology or for 
verifying that any auction has been conducted in accordance with its rules. The Issuer will have no responsibility 
to dispute any determination of an auction final price or to verify that any auction has been conducted in 
accordance with its rules. 
No interest in obligations of Reference Entities 
The Notes do not constitute an acquisition by the Noteholders of any interest in any obligation of a Reference 
Entity (or Notional Reference Entity). Neither the Swap Counterparty, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer grants 
any security interest over any such obligation. 
Historical performance may not predict future performance 
Individual entities may not perform as indicated by the historical performance of similar entities.  Even if future 
performance is similar to that of historic performance for the entire market, each prospective investor must make 
its own determination as to whether the performance of the Notes will reflect such experience.  Historical default 
statistics may not capture events that would constitute Credit Events for the purposes of the Notes.

--- Page 209 ---
General Disclaimers 
 
 
200 
 
 
Limited provision of information about the Reference Entities (and Notional Reference Entities) 
This Base Prospectus and any Applicable Transaction Supplement or Swap Agreement or any other 
documentation relating to any transaction entered into by the relevant Issuer to hedge its obligations in respect 
of the Notes will provide limited information with respect to the Reference Entities (or Notional Reference 
Entities).  Investors should conduct their own investigation and analysis with respect to the creditworthiness of 
Reference Entities (or Notional Reference Entities) and the likelihood of the occurrence of a Credit Event and 
seek appropriate advice where necessary. 
None of the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty or the Calculation Agent or any of their respective affiliates will 
have any obligation to keep investors informed as to any matters with respect to the Reference Entities (or 
Notional Reference Entities) or any of their obligations, including whether or not circumstances exist that give 
rise to the possibility of the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Succession Event with respect to the Reference 
Entities (or Notional Reference Entities). 
No information 
None of the Swap Counterparty, the Calculation Agent or the relevant Issuer is obliged to disclose to 
Noteholders any information which it may have at the Issue Date of the Notes or receive thereafter in relation 
to any Reference Entity (or Notional Reference Entity, as applicable). 
14. 
Regulatory Risk 
In addition to the risks otherwise disclosed in this Base Prospectus, the Issuer may incur unforeseen liabilities 
or be subject to additional risks in respect of any new laws or regulations passed by Irish, European, or other 
bodies. Investors should be aware that such risks are material and that the Issuer could be materially and 
adversely affected thereby and such risks could affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its payment obligations or 
perform its other obligations under the Notes. The global credit crisis and its consequences together with the 
perceived failure of the preceding financial regulatory regime, continue to drive legislation and regulators 
towards a restrictive regulatory environment, including the implementation of further regulation which affects 
financial institutions, markets, instruments and the bond market.  Such additional rules and regulations could, 
among other things, adversely affect investors in the Notes. 
Investors in the Notes are responsible for analysing their own legal and regulatory position and none of the 
relevant Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Trustee nor any of their Affiliates makes any representation to 
any prospective investor or purchaser of the Notes regarding the impact of laws or regulations on the prospective 
investor or purchaser of the Notes or the regulatory capital treatment of their investment in the Notes in each 
case, on the Issue Date or at any time in the future. 
No representation is made as to the proper characterisation of the Notes for legal investment, financial institution 
regulatory, financial reporting or other purposes, as to the ability of particular investors to purchase the Notes 
under applicable legal investment or other restrictions or as to the consequences of an investment in the Notes 
for such purposes or under such restrictions. Certain regulatory or legislative provisions applicable to certain 
investors may have the effect of limiting or restricting their ability to hold or acquire the Notes, which in turn 
may adversely affect the ability of investors in the Notes who are not subject to those provisions to resell their 
Notes in the secondary market.

--- Page 210 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
201 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT5 
[Name of Issuer] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
Euro 25,000,000,000 
in respect of PREMIUM GREEN PLC 
Euro 25,000,000,000 
in respect of PREMIUM PLUS P.L.C. 
Legal entity identifier (“LEI”): [Insert for Premium Green Plc: 5493000S7VTDPDFJCP28]/[Insert for 
Premium Plus Plc: 549300LQCCIRUN5YOU52] 
PREMIUM Multi Issuer Asset-Backed Medium Term Note Programme 
Please note that Notes issued under this Pricing Supplement are to be neither (i) listed or admitted to trading 
nor (ii) offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK 
Prospectus Regulation and therefore this Pricing Supplement has not been reviewed by the Central Bank of 
Ireland. 
[Name of Issuer] (the “Issuer”) accepts responsibility for the information contained in this document and to the 
best of the knowledge and belief of the Issuer (which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the 
case), the information contained in this document is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything 
likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Pricing Supplement must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 12 October 2021 relating 
to the above Programme. 
[PRIIPs Regulation/Prospectus Regulation PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
– The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the “Insurance Mediation Directive”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[UK PRIIPs Regulation/UK Prospectus Regulation PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL 
INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
                                                     
5 
In case of Notes to be admitted to listing and admitted to trading on the regulated market (for the purposes of the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive) of the Irish Stock Exchange and/or any other stock exchange a Drawdown Prospectus will be 
required. For the purposes of listing on the GEM or the Vienna MTF, the Drawdown Prospectus will compromise Supplemental 
Listing Particulars.

--- Page 211 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
202 
 
 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market. Possible wording could include, for example, “The target market assessment indicates 
that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk 
averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]”]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “Distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR Product Governance – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
(“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “UK Product Governance Distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a UK Product Governance Distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) 
(the “SFA”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Regulation 3(b) 
of the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 (the “SF (CMP) Regulations”) that 
the Notes are “capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the SF 
(CMP) Regulations) and “Specified Investment Products” (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).] 
[The [insert title of series] shall have the following terms and conditions which shall complete, modify and 
amend the terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) set out in Schedule 2 (Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
of the Principal Trust Deed dated 12 October 2021 and as further amended and restated from time to time on or 
prior to the Issue Date]. 
Non Applicable Conditions 
Conditions [●] shall not apply. 
Special Conditions 
[insert any special conditions or variations to the standard terms and conditions] 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement relating to the issue of Notes described herein.  Terms used 
herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions. 
[If the Notes are rated, ratings statement to be agreed and inserted] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A).  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs.]

--- Page 212 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
203 
 
 
 
Issuer: 
[Premium Green PLC][PREMIUM Plus 
p.l.c.] 
 
[(a)] 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
[(b)] 
Tranche Number: 
(If fungible with existing series, details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Notes 
become fungible and the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Series) 
[●] 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
 
(a) 
Authorised Denomination(s): 
[EUR100,000] and integral multiples of 
[EUR1,000] in excess thereof [up to and 
including [EUR199,000].  No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [EUR199,000]6 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[If only one Authorised Denomination, insert 
the Authorised Denomination.  If more than 
one Authorised Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor (e.g. EUR1,000 in the 
case 
of 
EUR51,000, 
EUR52,000 
or 
EUR53,000)] [Note:  there must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more 
Authorised Denominations] 
 
Aggregate Nominal/Principal Amount: 
[●] 
 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
(if 
different): 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
[Where multiple Trade Dates are relevant, 
specify all Trade Dates and distinguish as 
necessary] 
                                                     
6 
Delete if Notes being issued are in registered form.

--- Page 213 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
204 
 
 
 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
 
Issue Price: 
[[●] per cent. of the aggregate Nominal 
Amount] 
[The Issue Price of Partly Paid Notes will be 
payable in more than one instalment. See 
paragraph [44] below.] 
(Include in the case of Partly Paid Notes) 
 
Interest Basis: 
[Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Index/Formula-Linked] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Dual Currency] 
[Other (specify)] 
(Further particulars specified, as applicable, 
in paragraphs 20, 21, 22, 23 and 24 below) 
 
Redemption Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Dual Currency] 
[Partly Paid] 
[Instalment] 
[Other (Specify)] 
 
Change of Interest or Redemption Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for 
convertibility of Notes into another interest 
or payment basis] [(subject to the exercise of 
the 
Switch 
Option 
(pursuant 
to 
Condition 6(o) (Switch Option))] 
 
(a) 
Switch Option 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Unsubordinated][Subordinated (Description 
of ranking (Condition 3(b) (Subordinated 
Notes)))] [Description of provisions relating 
to Prioritised Tranches] 
 
(b) 
Pre-enforcement Waterfall 
[●][Not Applicable]

--- Page 214 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
205 
 
 
 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable] 
(These Additional Disruption Events will be 
applicable unless otherwise specified here) 
 
Instructing Creditor: 
[Counterparty][Noteholders] 
 
Listing: 
[●][None] 
 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated][Non-syndicated] 
RATINGS 
 
Rating(s) 
[(Standard &Poor’s)] 
 
 
[(Moody’s)] 
 
 
[(Fitch)] 
 
 
[([Other])] 
 
 
[None] 
 
 
[and endorsed by [insert details][insert this 
wording where one or more credit ratings 
has been endorsed by an EU registered credit 
rating agency for the purposes of Article 493) 
of the CRA Regulation] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the 
rating allocated to Notes of the type being 
issued under the Programme generally or, 
where the issue has been specifically rated, 
the rating) 
 
 
(Insert one or more of the following options, 
as applicable:) 
 
 
[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] 
established in the European Union and 
[has]/[have each] applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended by Regulation (EU) No. 513/2011, 
although the result of such application has not 
yet been determined.] 
 
 
[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] 
established in the European Union and 
registered 
under 
Regulation (EC) 
No 
1060/2009, as amended by Regulation (EU) 
No. 513/2011.] 
 
 
[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] not 
established in the European Union and 
registered 
under 
Regulation (EC) 
No

--- Page 215 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
206 
 
 
1060/2009, as amended by Regulation (EU) 
No. 513/2011.] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph 20) 
 
(a) 
Interest Rate: 
[●] per cent. per annum [or, if following the 
exercise of the Switch Option, an alternative 
Fixed Rate is the relevant Substitution Rate, 
such interest rate agreed pursuant to the 
exercise procedure of the Switch Option as 
set out in Condition 6(o) (Switch Option)]. 
 
(b) 
Interest Period(s): 
The initial Interest Period shall end on the 
[first][next] Interest Payment Date after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
The final Interest Period will end on, and 
exclude, [●][the Scheduled Maturity Date] 
 
(c) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Quarterly/Semi-annually/Annually] with the 
first Interest Payment Date falling on [●] and 
the last Interest Payment Date falling on 
[●][or: the Maturity Date], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention. 
Where an Interest Payment Date falls to be 
adjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention, 
[Interest 
Periods 
will 
be 
adjusted]/[Interest 
Periods 
will 
be 
unadjusted]. 
 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(g) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Act/360][Act/365][Act/Act][1/1] 
 
(h) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/ 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following Business Convention/ Preceding 
Business Day Convention/ other (give 
details)] 
 
(i) 
Additional Relevant Business Days: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating  interest 
for Fixed Rate Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 216 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
207 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) [or, if 
following the exercise of the Switch Option, 
an alternative Floating Rate is the relevant 
Substitution Rate, such interest rate agreed 
pursuant to the exercise procedure of the 
Switch Option as set out in Condition 6(o) 
(Switch Option)]. 
 
(a) 
Interest Period(s): 
The initial Interest Period shall end on the 
[first][next] Interest Payment Date after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
The final Interest Period will end on, and 
exclude, [●][the Scheduled Maturity Date] 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Quarterly/Semi-annually/Annually] with the 
first Interest Payment Date falling on [●] and 
the last Interest Payment Date falling on 
[●][or: the Maturity Date], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention. 
Where an Interest Payment Date falls to be 
adjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention, 
[Interest 
Periods 
will 
be 
adjusted]/[Interest 
Periods 
will 
be 
unadjusted]. 
 
(c) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention][Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Modified 
Following Business Convention][Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][other 
(give 
details)] 
 
(d) 
Additional Relevant Business Days: 
[●] 
 
(e) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination][ISDA 
Determination][Other (give details)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Agent: 
[●] 
 
(g) 
Calculation Agent: 
[●] 
 
(h) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete (i) to (vi).) 
 
(i) 
Relevant Rate/Benchmark: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Relevant Screen Page/Page: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
[11.00 a.m. [(London time),(in the case of 
LIBOR)] [(Brussels time) (in the case of 
EURIBOR)]

--- Page 217 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
208 
 
 
 
(v) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●] 
(If market is not specified it will be the 
London inter-bank market (in the case of 
LIBOR)], [EURO-zone inter-bank market (in 
the case of EURIBOR)) 
 
(vi) 
Reference Banks: 
[Applicable [●]][Not Specified] 
(Four Reference Banks should be specified, 
unless “Not Specified” is selected, in which 
case the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the rate acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) 
 
(i) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete (i) to (vi)) 
 
(i) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Designated Maturity: 
Applies to: [All Interest Periods][The 
following Interest Periods: [●]] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is not an overnight rate) 
(If specified Designated Maturity applies to 
some Interest Accrual Periods only, repeat 
on subsequent rows until all relevant Interest 
Accrual Periods are specified) 
 
(iii) 
Reset Date: 
[●][●][First day of the relevant Interest 
Period][(Standard wording if Floating Rate 
Option is based on EURIBOR)][[●] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day [falling 
in][[immediately 
following][immediately 
preceding] the first day of] the relevant 
Interest Period] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is not an overnight rate, otherwise the 
Reset Date is set as the last day of the 
relevant Interest Period) 
 
(iv) 
Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is an overnight rate) 
 
(A) 
OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5))

--- Page 218 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
209 
 
 
 
(C) 
Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Day: [●]] 
 
 
Set 
in 
Advance: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Compounding 
with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
(v) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(A) 
Overnight Average: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Averaging 
with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
(C) 
Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Day: [●]] 
 
 
Set 
in 
Advance: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Averaging 
with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
(j) 
If other, specify basis for determination 
of the Rate of Interest, any relevant 
Margin and any fall-back provisions: 
[●] 
 
(k) 
Margin(s): 
[●] 
 
(l) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not applicable]

--- Page 219 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
210 
 
 
 
(m) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not applicable] 
 
(n) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Act/360][Act/365][Act/Act][1/1] 
 
(o) 
Fall 
back 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions, denominator and any other 
terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest on Floating Rate 
Notes, if different from those set out in 
the Conditions: 
[As per Conditions][●] 
 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) [or, if 
following the exercise of the Switch Option, 
an alternative rate is the relevant Substitution 
Rate, such interest rate agreed pursuant to the 
exercise procedure of the Switch Option as 
set out in Condition 6(o) (Switch Option)]. 
 
(a) 
Zero Coupon Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Any other formula/basis of determining 
amount payable: 
[●] 
 
Index/Formula-Linked Note Provisions 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) [or, if 
following the exercise of the Switch Option, 
an alternative Index/Formula-Linked Rate is 
the relevant Substitution Rate, such interest 
rate agreed pursuant to the exercise procedure 
of the Switch Option as set out in 
Condition 6(o) (Switch Option)]. 
 
(a) 
Index/Formula: 
[Non-Standard Interest Payoff Provisions 
applicable, as set in paragraphs 23(b) to 23(h) 
below or as otherwise specified below] (In 
the case of Non-Standard Interest Payoff 
Provisions) 
[Standard 
Interest 
Payoff 
Provisions 
applicable, 
in 
accordance 
with 
paragraph 23(i) (Standard Interest Payoff 
Provisions) below] (In the case of Standard 
Interest Payoff Provisions) 
[or, if following the exercise of the Switch 
Option, 
an 
alternative 
index 
or 
formula-linked 
rate 
is 
the 
relevant 
Substitution Rate, such interest rate as agreed 
pursuant to the exercise procedure of the 
Switch Option (pursuant to Condition 6(o) 
(Switch Option)).] 
[Give or annex details] (In the case of other 
provisions)

--- Page 220 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
211 
 
 
 
(b) 
Calculation 
Agent 
responsible 
for 
calculating the principal and/or interest 
due: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Determination Agent: 
[●] 
 
(d) 
Interest Period(s): 
The initial Interest Period shall end on the 
[first][next] Interest Payment Date after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
The final Interest Period will end on, and 
exclude, [●][the Scheduled Maturity Date] 
 
(e) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Quarterly/Semi-annually/Annually] with the 
first Interest Payment Date falling on [●] and 
the last Interest Payment Date falling on 
[●][or: the Maturity Date], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention. 
 
(f) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following 
Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Convention / Preceding 
Business Day Convention / other (give 
details)] 
 
(g) 
Additional Relevant Business Days: 
[●] 
 
(h) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Act/360][Act/365][Act/Act][1/1] 
 
(i) 
Standard Interest Payoff Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if “Applicable”, select only the applicable 
Standard Interest Payoff(s)) 
(If “Not Applicable”, delete the following 
sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Standard Floating Interest: 
[Applicable 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 6(c)(ii)(A) 
(Standard 
Floating 
Interest Payoff)][Not Applicable] 
(If applicable fill in variables under 
paragraph 20 
(Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions) of these Applicable Transaction 
Terms)] 
[or, if following the exercise of the Switch 
Option, an alternative rate is the relevant 
Substitution Rate, such interest rate agreed 
pursuant to the exercise procedure of the 
Switch Option as set out in Condition 6(o) 
(Switch Option)]. 
 
(A) 
Leverage: 
[●] 
 
(B) 
Underlying 
Benchmark: 
[●][Not Applicable] (If applicable, specify 
the applicable Underlying Benchmark from 
paragraph 23(k) (Underlying Benchmark) 
below)

--- Page 221 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
212 
 
 
 
(C) 
Underlying 
Valuexy 
Combination: 
[Addition][Subtraction][Multiplication][Divi
sion][Applicable 
Formula: 
[Formula 
1(Underlyingx, 
Underlyingy)] 
[Formula 
2(Underlyingx, 
Underlyingy)] 
[Formula 
3(Underlyingx, 
Underlyingy)] 
[Formula 
4(Underlyingx)] (as specified below)] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Underlyingx: 
[●][Not Applicable] (If applicable, specify 
the applicable Underlying Benchmark from 
paragraph 23(k) (Underlying Benchmark) 
below) 
Designated Maturity: [●] 
 
(E) 
Underlyingy: 
[●][Not Applicable] (If applicable, specify 
the applicable Underlying Benchmark from 
paragraph 23(k) (Underlying Benchmark) 
below) 
Designated Maturity: [●] 
 
(F) 
Underlying Value: 
[●][As specified in Condition 19 (Definitions 
Conditions)] 
 
(G) 
Interest 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention 
applicable to the Interest Observation 
Date(s)) (The Interest Observation Date(s) 
will be date(s) as of which the Underlying 
Value shall be determined) 
[Each date falling [●] Business Days 
immediately preceding the [first][last] day of 
the Interest Observation Period] 
 
(H) 
Interest 
Observation 
Period(s): 
[The period from and including each date 
falling [●] Business Days immediately 
preceding the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period to and including the date falling [●] 
Business Days immediately preceding the 
last day of that Interest Period.][Specify 
other] 
 
(I) 
Spread: 
[●] 
 
(J) 
Cap: 
[[●] per cent.][Specify other] [[plus][minus] 
Cap Spread][Not applicable] 
 
(K) 
Cap Spread: 
[●] per cent. 
 
(L) 
Floor: 
[[●] per cent.] [Specify other]  [[plus][minus] 
Floor Spread] [Not applicable] 
 
(M) 
Floor Spread: 
[●] per cent. 
 
(N) 
Formula 
1(Underlyingx, 
Underlyingy): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 222 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
213 
 
 
 
(O) 
Formula 
2(Underlyingx, 
Underlyingy): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
a. a: 
[●] 
 
b. b: 
[●] 
 
c. Underlyingα: 
[●] 
 
d. Underlyingβ: 
[●] 
 
(P) 
Formula 
3(Underlyingx, 
Underlyingy): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
a. a: 
[●] 
 
b. b: 
[●] 
 
c. Underlyingα: 
[●] 
 
d. Underlyingβ: 
[●] 
 
(Q) 
Formula 
4(Underlyingx): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
a. Capx: 
[●] 
 
b. Floorx: 
[●] 
 
c. Observation Datei: 
[●] 
 
d. Observation 
Datei-1: 
[●] 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Inverse Floater Interest: 
[Applicable 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 6(c)(ii)(B) 
(Inverse 
Floater 
Interest Payoff)][Not Applicable] 
[or, if following the exercise of the Switch 
Option, an alternative rate is the relevant 
Substitution Rate, such interest rate agreed 
pursuant to the exercise procedure of the 
Switch Option as set out in Condition 6(o) 
(Switch Option)]. 
 
(A) 
Fixed Rate1: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(B) 
Leverage: 
[●] 
 
(C) 
Underlying 
Benchmark: 
[●][Not Applicable] (If applicable, specify 
the applicable Underlying Benchmark from 
paragraph 23(k) (Underlying Benchmark) 
below) 
 
(D) 
Underlying 
Valuexy 
Combination: 
[Addition][Subtraction][Multiplication][Divi
sion][Applicable 
Formula: 
[Formula 
1(Underlyingx, 
Underlyingy)] 
[Formula

--- Page 223 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
214 
 
 
2(Underlyingx, 
Underlyingy)] 
[Formula 
3(Underlyingx, 
Underlyingy)] 
[Formula 
4(Underlyingx)] (as specified below)] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Underlyingx: 
[●][Not Applicable]  (If applicable, specify 
the applicable Underlying Benchmark from 
paragraph 23(k) (Underlying Benchmark) 
below) 
Designated Maturity: [●] 
 
(F) 
Underlyingy: 
[●][Not Applicable]  (If applicable, specify 
the applicable Underlying Benchmark from 
paragraph 23(k) (Underlying Benchmark) 
below) 
Designated Maturity: [●] 
 
(G) 
Underlying Value: 
[●][As specified in Condition 19 (Definitions 
Conditions)] 
 
(H) 
Interest 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention 
applicable to the Interest Observation 
Date(s)) (The Interest Observation Date(s) 
will be date(s) as of which the Underlying 
Value shall be determined) 
[Each date falling [●] Business Days 
immediately preceding the [first][last] day of 
the Interest Observation Period] 
 
(I) 
Interest 
Observation 
Period(s): 
[The period from and including each date 
falling [●] Business Days immediately 
preceding the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period to and including the date falling [●] 
Business Days immediately preceding the 
last day of that Interest Period.][Specify 
other] 
 
(J) 
Spread: 
[●] 
 
(K) 
Cap: 
[[●] per cent.] [Specify other] [[plus][minus] 
Cap Spread] [Not Applicable] 
 
(L) 
Cap Spread: 
[●] per cent. 
 
(M) 
Floor: 
[[●] per cent.] [Specify other]  [[plus][minus] 
Floor Spread] [Not Applicable] 
 
(N) 
Floor Spread: 
[●] per cent. 
 
(O) 
Formula 
1(Underlyingx, 
Underlyingy): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(P) 
Formula 
2(Underlyingx, 
Underlyingy): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 224 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
215 
 
 
 
a. a: 
[●] 
 
b. b: 
[●] 
 
c. Underlyingα: 
[●] 
 
d. Underlyingβ: 
[●] 
 
(Q) 
Formula 
3(Underlyingx, 
Underlyingy): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
a. a: 
[●] 
 
b. b: 
[●] 
 
c. Underlyingα: 
[●] 
 
d. Underlyingβ: 
[●] 
 
(R) 
Formula 
4(Underlyingx): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
a. Capx: 
[●] 
 
b. Floorx: 
[●] 
 
c. Observation Datei: 
[●] 
 
d. Observation 
Datei-1: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Standard 
Digital 
to 
Participation Interest: 
[Applicable 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 6(c)(ii)(C) (Standard Digital to 
Participation Payoff)][Not Applicable] 
[or, if following the exercise of the Switch 
Option, an alternative rate is the relevant 
Substitution Rate, such interest rate agreed 
pursuant to the exercise procedure of the 
Switch Option as set out in Condition 6(o) 
(Switch Option)]. 
 
(A) 
First Trigger: 
If the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than 
Barrier1] [higher than or equal to Barrier1] 
[lower than Barrier1] [lower than or equal to 
Barrier1] [within Range1] [outside Range1], 
either (A) on [the] [the current] [each] [at 
least one previous] [each previous] Interest 
Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] 
[on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at 
all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted 
Days] 
during 
the 
Interest 
Observation Period. 
 
(B) 
Barrier1: 
[specify the number, the percentage or a 
percentage of the Initial Underlying Valuez]

--- Page 225 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
216 
 
 
 
(C) 
Range1: 
On the relevant Interest Observation Date, 
the Underlying Valuexy is [greater][less] than[ 
or equal to] the Lower Limit [and][or] 
[less][greater] than[ or equal to] the Upper 
Limit [specify other range] 
Lower Limit means [●] 
Upper Limit means [●]] 
 
(D) 
Fixed Rate1: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(E) 
Second Trigger: 
If the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than 
Barrier2] [higher than or equal to Barrier2] 
[lower than Barrier2] [lower than or equal to 
Barrier2] [within Range2] [outside Range2], 
either (A) on [the] [the current] [each] [at 
least one previous] [each previous] Interest 
Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] 
[on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at 
all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted 
Days] 
during 
the 
Interest 
Observation Period. 
 
(F) 
Barrier2: 
[specify the number, the percentage or a 
percentage of the Initial Underlying Valuez] 
 
(G) 
Range2: 
On the relevant Interest Observation Date, 
the Underlying Valuexy is [greater][less] than[ 
or equal to] the Lower Limit [and][or] 
[less][greater] than[ or equal to] the Upper 
Limit [specify other range] 
Lower Limit means [●] 
Upper Limit means [●] 
 
(H) 
Fixed Rate2: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(I) 
Range/Barrier Overlap 
Priority: 
[Highest][Lowest] 
 
(J) 
Interest 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention 
applicable to the Interest Observation 
Date(s)) 
[Each date falling [●] Business Days 
immediately preceding the [first][last] day of 
the Interest Observation Period] 
 
(K) 
Initial 
Observation 
Date: 
[●] 
 
(L) 
Interest 
Observation 
Periods: 
[The period from and including each date 
falling [●] Business Days immediately 
preceding the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period to and including the date falling [●] 
Business Days immediately preceding the

--- Page 226 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
217 
 
 
last day of that Interest Period.][Specify 
other] 
 
(M) 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day: 
[●] 
 
(N) 
Disrupted Days: 
[●] 
 
(O) 
Underlying 
Benchmark: 
[●][Not Applicable]  (If applicable, specify 
the applicable Underlying Benchmark from 
paragraph 23(k) (Underlying Benchmark) 
below) 
 
(P) 
Underlying 
Valuexy 
Combination: 
[Addition][Subtraction][Multiplication][Divi
sion][Applicable 
Formula: 
[Formula 
1(Underlyingx, 
Underlyingy)] 
[Formula 
2(Underlyingx, 
Underlyingy)] 
[Formula 
3(Underlyingx, 
Underlyingy)] 
[Formula 
4(Underlyingx)] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Q) 
Underlyingx: 
[●][Not Applicable]  (If applicable, specify 
the applicable Underlying Benchmark from 
paragraph 23(k) (Underlying Benchmark) 
below) 
Designated Maturity: [●] 
 
(R) 
Underlyingy: 
[●][Not Applicable]  (If applicable, specify 
the applicable Underlying Benchmark from 
paragraph 23(k) (Underlying Benchmark) 
below) 
Designated Maturity: [●] 
 
(S) 
Underlyingz: 
[●] (Specify the applicable Underlying 
Benchmark 
from 
paragraph 23(k) 
(Underlying Benchmark) below) 
 
(T) 
Underlying Value: 
[●][As specified in Condition 19 (Definitions 
Conditions)] 
 
(U) 
Formula 
1(Underlyingx, 
Underlyingy): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(V) 
Formula 
2(Underlyingx, 
Underlyingy): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
a. a: 
[●] 
 
b. b: 
[●] 
 
c. Underlyingα: 
[●] 
 
d. Underlyingβ: 
[●]

--- Page 227 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
218 
 
 
 
(W) 
Formula 
3(Underlyingx, 
Underlyingy): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
a. a: 
[●] 
 
b. b: 
[●] 
 
c. Underlyingα: 
[●] 
 
d. Underlyingβ: 
[●] 
 
(X) 
Formula 
4(Underlyingx): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
a. Capx: 
[●] 
 
b. Floorx: 
[●] 
 
c. Observation Datei: 
[●] 
 
d. Observation 
Datei-1: 
[●] 
 
(Y) 
P: 
[●] 
 
(Z) 
Cap: 
[[●] per cent.] [Specify other] [[plus][minus] 
Cap Spread] [Not Applicable] 
 
(AA) 
Cap Spread: 
[●] per cent. 
 
(BB) 
Floor: 
[[●] per cent.] [Specify other]  [[plus][minus] 
Floor Spread] [Not Applicable] 
 
(CC) 
Floor Spread: 
[●] per cent. 
 
(DD) 
Leverage: 
[●] 
 
(EE) 
UnderlyingObservation1: 
[●][Underlying Valuexy on the Underlying 
Observation Date1] 
 
(FF) 
Underlying 
Observation Date(s)1: 
[●] (Specify any business day convention 
applicable to the Underlying Observation 
Date(s)1) 
[Each date falling [●] Business Days 
immediately preceding the [first][last] day of 
the Interest Period] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(GG) 
UnderlyingObservation2: 
[●][Underlying Valuexy on the Underlying 
Observation Date2] 
 
(HH) 
Underlying 
Observation Date(s)2: 
[●] (Specify any business day convention 
applicable to the Underlying Observation 
Date(s)2)

--- Page 228 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
219 
 
 
[Each date falling [●] Business Days 
immediately preceding the [first][last] day of 
the Interest Period] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(II) 
Margin: 
[●] 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Standard Digital Interest: 
[Applicable 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 6(c)(ii)(D) 
(Standard 
Digital 
Payoff)][Not Applicable] 
[or, if following the exercise of the Switch 
Option, an alternative rate is the relevant 
Substitution Rate, such interest rate agreed 
pursuant to the exercise procedure of the 
Switch Option as set out in Condition 6(o) 
(Switch Option)]. 
 
(A) 
First Trigger: 
If the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than 
Barrier1] [higher than or equal to Barrier1] 
[lower than Barrier1] [lower than or equal to 
Barrier1] [within Range1] [outside Range1], 
either (A) on [the] [the current] [each] [at 
least one previous] [each previous] Interest 
Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] 
[on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at 
all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted 
Days] 
during 
the 
Interest 
Observation Period. 
 
(B) 
Barrier1: 
[Specify the number, the percentage or a 
percentage of the Initial Underlying Valuez] 
 
(C) 
Range1: 
On the relevant Interest Observation Date, 
the Underlying Valuexy is [greater][less] than[ 
or equal to] the Lower Limit [and][or] 
[less][greater] than[ or equal to] the Upper 
Limit [specify other range] 
Lower Limit means [●] 
Upper Limit means [●]] 
 
(D) 
Fixed Rate1: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(E) 
Second Trigger: 
If the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than 
Barrier2] [higher than or equal to Barrier2] 
[lower than Barrier2] [lower than or equal to 
Barrier2] [within Range2] [outside Range2], 
either (A) on [the] [the current] [each] [at 
least one previous] [each previous] Interest 
Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] 
[on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at 
all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not

--- Page 229 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
220 
 
 
Disrupted 
Days] 
during 
the 
Interest 
Observation Period. 
 
(F) 
Barrier2: 
[Specify the number, the percentage or a 
percentage of the Initial Underlying Valuez] 
 
(G) 
Range2: 
On the relevant Interest Observation Date, 
the Underlying Valuexy is [greater][less] than[ 
or equal to] the Lower Limit [and][or] 
[less][greater] than[ or equal to] the Upper 
Limit [specify other range] 
Lower Limit means [●] 
Upper Limit means [●] 
 
(H) 
Fixed Rate2: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(I) 
Third Trigger: 
If the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than 
Barrier3] [higher than or equal to Barrier3] 
[lower than Barrier3] [lower than or equal to 
Barrier3] [within Range3] [outside Range3], 
either (A) on [the] [the current] [each] [at 
least one previous] [each previous] Interest 
Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] 
[on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at 
all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted 
Days] 
during 
the 
Interest 
Observation Period. 
 
(J) 
Barrier3: 
[specify the number, the percentage or a 
percentage of the Initial Underlying Valuez] 
 
(K) 
Range3: 
On the relevant Interest Observation Date, 
the Underlying Valuexy is [greater][less] than[ 
or equal to] the Lower Limit [and][or] 
[less][greater] than[ or equal to] the Upper 
Limit [specify other range] 
Lower Limit means [●] 
Upper Limit means [●] 
 
(L) 
Fixed Rate3: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(M) 
Range/Barrier Overlap 
Priority: 
[Highest][Lowest] 
 
(N) 
Interest 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention 
applicable to the Interest Observation 
Date(s)) 
[Each date falling [●] Business Days 
immediately preceding the [first][last] day of 
the Interest Observation Period] 
 
(O) 
Initial 
Observation 
Date: 
[●]

--- Page 230 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
221 
 
 
 
(P) 
Interest 
Observation 
Periods: 
[The period from and including each date 
falling [●] Business Days immediately 
preceding the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period to and including the date falling [●] 
Business Days immediately preceding the 
last day of that Interest Period.][Specify 
other] 
 
(Q) 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day: 
[●] 
 
(R) 
Disrupted Days: 
[●] 
 
(S) 
Underlying 
Benchmark: 
[●][Not Applicable]  (If applicable, specify 
the applicable Underlying Benchmark from 
paragraph 23(k) (Underlying Benchmark) 
below) 
 
(T) 
Underlying 
Valuexy 
Combination: 
[Addition][Subtraction][Multiplication][Divi
sion][Applicable 
Formula: 
[Formula 
1(Underlyingx, 
Underlyingy)] 
[Formula 
2(Underlyingx, 
Underlyingy)] 
[Formula 
3(Underlyingx, 
Underlyingy)] 
[Formula 
4(Underlyingx)] [Not Applicable] 
 
(U) 
Underlyingx: 
[●][Not Applicable]  (If applicable, specify 
the applicable Underlying Benchmark from 
paragraph 23(k) (Underlying Benchmark) 
below) 
Designated Maturity: [●] 
 
(V) 
Underlyingy: 
[●][Not Applicable]  (If applicable, specify 
the applicable Underlying Benchmark from 
paragraph 23(k) (Underlying Benchmark) 
below) 
Designated Maturity: [●] 
 
(W) 
Underlyingz: 
[●] (Specify the applicable Underlying 
Benchmark 
from 
paragraph 23(k) 
(Underlying Benchmark) below) 
 
(X) 
Underlying Value: 
[●][As specified in Condition 19 (Definitions 
Conditions)] 
 
(Y) 
Formula 
1(Underlyingx,  Underlyingy): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(Z) 
Formula 
2(Underlyingx,  Underlyingy): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
a. a: 
[●] 
 
b. b: 
[●] 
 
c. Underlyingα: 
[●] 
 
d. Underlyingβ: 
[●]

--- Page 231 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
222 
 
 
 
(AA) 
Formula 
3(Underlyingx,  Underlyingy): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
a. a: 
[●] 
 
b. b: 
[●] 
 
c. Underlyingα: 
[●] 
 
d. Underlyingβ: 
[●] 
 
(BB) 
Formula 
4(Underlyingx): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
a. Capx: 
[●] 
 
b. Floorx: 
[●] 
 
c. Observation Datei: 
[●] 
 
d. Observation Datei-1: [●] 
 
(v) 
Standard 
Floating 
Range 
Accrual Interest: 
[Applicable 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 6(c)(ii)(E) 
(Standard 
Floating 
Range 
Accrual 
Interest 
Payoff)][Not 
Applicable] 
[or, if following the exercise of the Switch 
Option, an alternative rate is the relevant 
Substitution Rate, such interest rate agreed 
pursuant to the exercise procedure of the 
Switch Option as set out in Condition 6(o) 
(Switch Option)]. 
 
(A) 
Accrual Factor OUT: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Accrual Factor IN: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
a: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
b: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Cap: 
[[●] per cent.] [Specify other]  [[plus][minus] 
Cap Spread][Not applicable] 
 
(F) 
Cap Spread: 
[●] per cent. 
 
(G) 
Floor: 
[[●] per cent.] [Specify other]  [[plus][minus] 
Floor Spread] [Not applicable] 
 
(H) 
Floor Spread: 
[●] per cent. 
 
(I) 
Leverage: 
[●] 
 
(J) 
Global 
Underlying 
Benchmark: 
[●][Not Applicable]  (If applicable, specify 
the applicable Underlying Benchmark from 
paragraph 23(k) (Underlying Benchmark) 
below)

--- Page 232 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
223 
 
 
 
(K) 
Global 
Underlying 
Valuexy Combination: 
[Addition][Subtraction][Multiplication][Divi
sion][Applicable 
Formula: 
[Formula 
1(Global Underlyingx, Global Underlyingy)] 
[Formula 2(Global Underlyingx, Global 
Underlyingy)] 
[Formula 
3(Global 
Underlyingx, Global Underlyingy)] [Formula 
4(Global Underlyingx)] (as specified below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(L) 
Global Underlyingx: 
[●][Not Applicable]  (If applicable, specify 
the applicable Underlying Benchmark from 
paragraph 23(k) (Underlying Benchmark) 
below) 
Designated Maturity: [●] 
 
(M) 
Global Underlyingy: 
[●][Not Applicable]  (If applicable, specify 
the applicable Underlying Benchmark from 
paragraph 23(k) (Underlying Benchmark) 
below) 
Designated Maturity: [●] 
 
(N) 
Margin1 
[●] 
 
(O) 
Margin2 
[●] 
 
(P) 
Interest 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention 
applicable to the Interest Observation 
Date(s)) 
[Each date falling [●] Business Days 
immediately preceding the [first][last] day of 
the Interest Observation Period] 
 
(Q) 
Interest 
Observation 
Period(s): 
[The period from and including each date 
falling [●] Business Days immediately 
preceding the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period to and including the date falling [●] 
Business Days immediately preceding the 
last day of that Interest Period.][Specify 
other] 
 
(R) 
Interest 
Observation 
Period Cut-Off Date: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(S) 
Range Accrual Day(s): 
[●][Each [Business Day][calendar day] 
falling 
within 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Observation 
Period] 
[Each 
[Business 
Day][calendar day] from and including the 
[●][Business 
Day][calendar 
day][week][month] to and including the 
[●][Business 
Day][calendar 
day][week][month] before the last day of the 
relevant Interest Observation Period] 
[The Underlying Value in respect of any 
Range Accrual Day which is not a Business 
Day shall be deemed to be the Underlying

--- Page 233 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
224 
 
 
Value in respect of the immediately 
[preceding][following] 
Business 
Day.] 
(Include as applicable where each calendar 
day within an Interest Observation Period is 
a Range Accrual Day) 
 
(T) 
Formula 
1(Global 
Underlyingx, 
Global 
Underlyingiy): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(U) 
Formula 
2(Global 
Underlyingx, 
Global 
Underlyingy): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
a. a: 
[●] 
 
b. b: 
[●] 
 
c. Underlyingα: 
[●] 
 
d. Underlyingβ: 
[●] 
 
(V) 
Formula 
3(Global 
Underlyingx, 
Global 
Underlyingy): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
a. a: 
[●] 
 
b. b: 
[●] 
 
c. Underlyingα: 
[●] 
 
d. Underlyingβ: 
[●] 
 
(W) 
Formula 
4(Global 
Underlyingx): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
a.  Capx: 
[●] 
 
b.  Floorx: 
[●] 
 
c.  Observation Datei: 
[●] 
 
d.  Observation 
Datei-1: 
[●] 
 
(X) 
Underlying Value: 
[●][As specified in Condition 19 (Definitions 
Conditions)] 
 
i 
Underlyingi [and/or 
Underlyingix and 
Underlyingiy]: 
Lower Limiti: 
Upper Limiti: 
Underlying 
Valuei Range: 
 
 
1 
[[●] 
(Specify 
the 
applicable 
Underlying Benchmark from 
paragraph 23(k) (Underlying 
Benchmark) below)] 
[Combination 
of 
Underlyingix: 
and 
Underlyingiy: 
[Addition][Subtraction][Mult
iplication][Division] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Range1] 
[Range2] 
[Range3]

--- Page 234 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
225 
 
 
Underlyingix: [●] 
(with further information set 
out in paragraph [●] (Specify 
the applicable Underlying 
Benchmark 
from 
paragraph 23(k) (Underlying 
Benchmark) below) 
Designated Maturity: [●] 
Underlyingiy: [●] 
(with further information set 
out in paragraph [●](Specify 
the applicable Underlying 
Benchmark from 
paragraph 23(k) (Underlying 
Benchmark) below)  
Designated Maturity: [●]] 
 
(Add rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Standard 
Fixed 
Range 
Accrual Interest: 
[Applicable 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 6(c)(ii)(F) (Standard Fixed Range 
Accrual Interest Payoff)][Not Applicable] 
[or, if following the exercise of the Switch 
Option, an alternative rate is the relevant 
Substitution Rate, such interest rate agreed 
pursuant to the exercise procedure of the 
Switch Option as set out in Condition 6(o) 
(Switch Option)]. 
 
(A) 
Linear: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Non-Linear: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Fixed Rate1: 
[●] 
 
(D) 
Fixed Rate (n): 
[●] 
 
(E) 
Accrual Factor: 
 
 
a. a: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
b. b: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Range Accrual Day(s): 
[●][Each [Business Day][calendar day] 
falling 
within 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Observation 
Period] 
[Each 
[Business 
Day][calendar day] from and including the 
[●][Business Day][calendar day] to and 
including the [●][Business Day][calendar 
day] before the last day of the relevant 
Interest Observation Period] 
[The Underlying Value in respect of any 
Range Accrual Day which is not a Business

--- Page 235 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
226 
 
 
Day shall be deemed to be the Underlying 
Value in respect of the immediately 
[preceding][following] 
Business 
Day.] 
(Include as applicable where each calendar 
day within an Interest Observation Period is 
a Range Accrual Day) 
 
(G) 
Underlying Value: 
[●][As specified in Condition 19 (Definitions 
Conditions)] 
 
 
(H) 
Interest 
Observation 
Date: 
[●] (Specify any business day convention 
applicable to the Interest Observation 
Date(s)) 
[Each date falling [●] Business Days 
immediately preceding the [first][last] day of 
the Interest Observation Period] 
 
(I) 
Interest 
Observation 
Period(s): 
[The period from and including each date 
falling [●] Business Days immediately 
preceding the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period to and including the date falling [●] 
Business Days immediately preceding the last 
day of that Interest Period.][Specify other] 
 
(J) 
Interest 
Observation 
Period Cut-Off Date: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
i 
Underlyingi [and/or 
Underlyingix and 
Underlyingiy]: 
Lower Limiti: 
Upper Limiti: 
Underlying Valuei 
Range: 
 
 
1 
[[●](Specify the applicable 
Underlying Benchmark from 
paragraph 23(k) 
(Underlying Benchmark) 
below)] 
Combination 
of 
Underlyingix: 
and 
Underlyingiy: 
[Addition][Subtraction] 
[Multiplication][Division] 
Underlyingix: [●] 
(Specify 
the 
applicable 
Underlying Benchmark from 
paragraph 23(k) 
(Underlying 
Benchmark) 
below)) 
Designated Maturity: [●] 
Underlyingiy: [●] 
(Specify the applicable 
Underlying Benchmark from 
paragraph 23(k) 
(Underlying Benchmark) 
below) 
Designated Maturity: [●] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[Range1] 
[Range2] 
[Range3] 
 
 
(Add rows 
(numbered 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required)

--- Page 236 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
227 
 
 
sequentially) as 
required) 
 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Standard 
Formula 
Linked 
Interest: 
[Applicable 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 6(c)(ii)(G) 
(Standard 
Formula 
Linked Interest Payoff)][Not Applicable] 
[or, if following the exercise of the Switch 
Option, an alternative rate is the relevant 
Substitution Rate, such interest rate agreed 
pursuant to the exercise procedure of the 
Switch Option as set out in Condition 6(o) 
(Switch Option)]. 
 
(A) 
P: 
[●] 
 
(B) 
Leverage: 
[●] 
 
(C) 
Underlying Formula: 
 
 
a. Spread Formula  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (as specified 
below) 
 
b. CMS10y10y 
Formula 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (as specified 
below) 
 
c. Actuarial Formula 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (as specified 
below) 
 
(D) 
Spread: 
[●] per cent. 
 
(E) 
Cap: 
[[●] per cent.] [Specify other] [[plus][minus] 
Cap Spread] [Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Cap Spread: 
[●] per cent. 
 
(G) 
Floor: 
[[●] per cent.] [Specify other]  [[plus][minus] 
Floor Spread] [Not Applicable] 
 
(H) 
Floor Spread: 
[●] per cent. 
 
(I) 
Interest 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention 
applicable to the Interest Observation 
Date(s)) 
[Each date falling [●] Business Days 
immediately preceding the [first][last] day of 
the Interest Observation Period] 
 
(J) 
Interest 
Observation 
Period(s): 
[The period from and including each date 
falling [●] Business Days immediately 
preceding the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period to and including the date falling [●] 
Business Days immediately preceding the last 
day of that Interest Period.][Specify other]

--- Page 237 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
228 
 
 
 
(viii) 
Participation Interest: 
[Applicable 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 6(c)(ii)(H) (Participation Interest 
Payoff)][Not Applicable] 
[or, if following the exercise of the Switch 
Option, an alternative rate is the relevant 
Substitution Rate, such interest rate agreed 
pursuant to the exercise procedure of the 
Switch Option as set out in Condition 6(o) 
(Switch Option)]. 
 
(A) 
Cap: 
[[●] per cent.] [Specify other]  [[plus][minus] 
Cap Spread] [Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Cap Spread: 
[●] per cent. 
 
(C) 
Floor: 
[[●] per cent.] [Specify other]  [[plus][minus] 
Floor Spread] [Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Floor Spread: 
[●] per cent. 
 
(E) 
Leverage: 
[●] 
 
(F) 
UnderlyingObservation1: 
[●][Underlying Valuexy on the Underlying 
Observation Date1] 
 
(G) 
Underlying Observation 
Date(s)1: 
[●] (Specify any business day convention 
applicable to the Underlying Observation 
Date(s)1) 
[Each date falling [●] Business Days 
immediately preceding the [first][last] day of 
the relevant Interest Period] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(H) 
UnderlyingObservation2: 
[●][Underlying Valuexy on the Underlying 
Observation Date2] 
 
(I) 
Underlying Observation 
Date(s)2: 
[●] (Specify any business day convention 
applicable to the Underlying Observation 
Date(s)2) 
[Each date falling [●] Business Days 
immediately preceding the [first][last] day of 
the Interest Period] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(J) 
Margin: 
[●] 
 
(K) 
Underlying Benchmark 
[●][Not Applicable] (If applicable, specify the 
applicable Underlying Benchmark from 
paragraph 23(k) (Underlying Benchmark) 
below) 
 
(L) 
Underlying 
Valuexy 
Combination: 
[Addition][Subtraction][Multiplication][Divi
sion] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 238 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
229 
 
 
 
(M) 
Underlyingx: 
[●][Not Applicable]  (If applicable, specify 
the applicable Underlying Benchmark from 
paragraph 23(k) (Underlying Benchmark) 
below) 
Designated Maturity: [●] 
 
(N) 
Underlyingy: 
[●][Not Applicable]  (If applicable, specify 
the applicable Underlying Benchmark from 
paragraph 23(k) (Underlying Benchmark) 
below) 
Designated Maturity: [●] 
 
(O) 
Underlying Value: 
[●][As specified in Condition 19 (Definitions 
Conditions)] 
 
(j) 
Underlying Formula: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if “Applicable”, select only the applicable 
Underlying Formula(e)) 
(If “Not Applicable”, delete the following 
sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Spread Formula: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(A) 
Cap: 
[●] 
 
(B) 
Floor: 
[●] 
 
(C) 
Leverage: 
[●] 
 
(D) 
Underlyingx: 
[Insert EUR CMS or USD CMS] 
 
(E) 
Underlyingy: 
[Insert EUR CMS or USD CMS] 
 
(F) 
Margin: 
[●] 
 
(G) 
Interest 
Observation 
Date: 
[for USD: 2 London Business Days prior to 
the][for EUR: 2 TARGET Settlement Days 
prior to the][for GBP: the] [last][first] day of 
the relevant Interest Period. 
 
(ii) 
CMS10y10y Formula: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(A) 
Underlyingx: 
[Insert EUR CMS or USD CMS] 
Designated Maturity: 
 
(B) 
Underlyingy: 
[Insert EUR CMS or USD CMS] 
Designated Maturity: 
 
(C) 
Interest 
Observation 
Date: 
[for USD: 2 London Business Days prior to 
the][for EUR: 2 TARGET Settlement Days 
prior to the][for GBP: the] first day of the 
relevant Interest Period. 
 
(iii) 
Actuarial Formula: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(A) 
X: 
[●] per cent.

--- Page 239 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
230 
 
 
 
(B) 
Cap: 
[●] 
 
(C) 
Floor: 
[●] 
 
(D) 
Underlying Benchmark: 
[Insert EUR CMS or USD CMS] 
 
(E) 
Interest 
Observation 
 
Date: 
[for USD: 2 London Business Days prior to 
the][for EUR: 2 TARGET Settlement Days 
prior to the][for GBP: the] first day of the 
relevant Interest Period. 
 
 
 
 
(k) 
Underlying Benchmark: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if “Applicable”, select only the applicable 
Underlying Benchmark(s)) 
(If “Not Applicable”, delete the following 
sub-paragraphs) 
(Replicate sub-paragraphs as necessary) 
 
(i) 
EURIBOR: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(A) 
Underlying Benchmark: 
[●] months EURIBOR (“EURIBOR”) 
 
(B) 
Manner 
in 
which 
EURIBOR is to be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination][ISDA 
Determination][Other (give details)] 
 
(C) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete a. to f.) 
 
a. Relevant 
Rate/Benchmark: 
[●] 
 
b. Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
c. Relevant 
Screen 
Page/Page: 
[●] 
 
d. Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
e. Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[●] 
(If market is not specified it will be the 
London inter-bank market (in the case of 
LIBOR)], [EURO-zone inter-bank market (in 
the case of EURIBOR)) 
 
f. Reference Banks: 
[Applicable [●]][Not Specified] 
(Four Reference Banks should be specified, 
unless “Not Specified” is selected, in which 
case the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the rate acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner)

--- Page 240 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
231 
 
 
 
(D) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete a. to k.) 
 
a. Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters 
 
b. Designated 
Maturity: 
Applies 
to: 
[All 
Interest 
Periods][The 
following Interest Periods: [●]] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is not an overnight rate) 
(If specified Designated Maturity applies to 
some Interest Accrual Periods only, repeat on 
subsequent rows until all relevant Interest 
Accrual Periods are specified) 
 
c. Reset Date: 
[●][●][First day of the relevant Interest 
Period][(Standard wording if Floating Rate 
Option is based on EURIBOR)][[●] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day [falling 
in][[immediately 
following][immediately 
preceding] the first day of] the relevant 
Interest Period] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is not an overnight rate, otherwise the 
Reset Date is set as the last day of the relevant 
Interest Period) 
 
d. Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is an overnight rate) 
 
(I) OIS 
Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(II) Compounding 
with Lookback: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
(III) Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Day: [●]] 
Set in Advance: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(IV) Compounding 
with Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 241 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
232 
 
 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
e. Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(I) Overnight 
Average: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(II) Averaging with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
(III) Averaging with 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Day: [●]] 
Set in Advance: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(IV) Averaging with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
f. If 
other, 
specify 
basis 
for 
determination of the 
Rate of Interest, any 
relevant Margin and 
any 
fall-back 
provisions: 
[●] 
 
g. Margin(s): 
[●] 
 
h. Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not applicable] 
 
i. 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not applicable] 
 
j. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Act/360][Act/365][Act/Act][1/1] 
 
k. Fall back provisions, 
rounding provisions, 
denominator and any 
[As per Conditions][●]

--- Page 242 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
233 
 
 
other terms relating 
to the method of 
calculating interest 
on 
Index 
/ 
Formula-Linked 
Notes, if different 
from those set out in 
the Conditions: 
 
(ii) 
USD LIBOR: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Underlying Benchmark: 
[●] months USD-LIBOR (“USD-LIBOR”) 
 
(A) 
Manner 
in 
which 
USD-LIBOR is to be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination][ISDA 
Determination][Other (give details)] 
 
(B) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete a. to f.) 
 
a. Relevant 
Rate/Benchmark: 
[●] 
 
b. Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
c. Relevant 
Screen 
Page/Page: 
[●] 
 
d. Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
e. Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[●] 
(If market is not specified it will be the 
London inter-bank market (in the case of 
LIBOR)], [EURO-zone inter-bank market (in 
the case of EURIBOR)) 
 
f. Reference Banks: 
[Applicable [●]][Not Specified] 
(Four Reference Banks should be specified, 
unless “Not Specified” is selected, in which 
case the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the rate acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) 
 
(C) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete a. to k.) 
 
a. Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
USD-LIBOR-ICE 
 
b. Designated 
Maturity: 
Applies 
to: 
[All 
Interest 
Periods][The 
following Interest Periods: [●]] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is not an overnight rate)

--- Page 243 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
234 
 
 
(If specified Designated Maturity applies to 
some Interest Accrual Periods only, repeat on 
subsequent rows until all relevant Interest 
Accrual Periods are specified) 
 
c. Reset Date: 
[●][●][First day of the relevant Interest 
Period][(Standard wording if Floating Rate 
Option is based on EURIBOR)][[●] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day [falling 
in][[immediately 
following][immediately 
preceding] the first day of] the relevant 
Interest Period] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is not an overnight rate, otherwise the 
Reset Date is set as the last day of the relevant 
Interest Period) 
 
d. Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is an overnight rate) 
 
(I) OIS 
Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(II) Compounding 
with Lookback: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
(III) Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Day: [●]] 
Set in Advance: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(IV) Compounding 
with Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
e. Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(I) Overnight 
Average: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(II) Averaging with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 244 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
235 
 
 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
(III) Averaging with 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Day: [●]] 
Set in Advance: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(IV)  Averaging 
with Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
f. If 
other, 
specify 
basis 
for 
determination of the 
Rate of Interest, any 
relevant Margin and 
any 
fall-back 
provisions: 
[●] 
 
g. Margin(s): 
[●] 
 
h. Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not applicable] 
 
i. 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not applicable] 
 
j. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Act/360][Act/365][Act/Act][1/1] 
 
k. Fall back provisions, 
rounding provisions, 
denominator and any 
other terms relating 
to the method of 
calculating interest 
on 
Index 
/ 
Formula-Linked 
Notes, if different 
from those set out in 
the Conditions: 
[As per Conditions][●] 
 
(iii) 
EUR CMS: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 245 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
236 
 
 
 
Underlying Benchmark: 
EUR CMS [●] Year (“EUR CMS”) 
 
(A) 
Manner in which EUR 
CMS 
is 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination][ISDA 
Determination][Other (give details)] 
 
(B) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete a. to f..) 
 
a. Relevant 
Rate 
/ 
Benchmark: 
[●] 
 
b. Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
c. Relevant 
Screen 
Page / Page: 
[●] 
 
d. Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
e. Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[●] 
(If market is not specified it will be the 
London inter-bank market (in the case of 
LIBOR)], [EURO-zone inter-bank market (in 
the case of EURIBOR)) 
 
f. Reference Banks: 
[Applicable [●]][Not Specified] 
(Four Reference Banks should be specified, 
unless “Not Specified” is selected, in which 
case the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the rate acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) 
 
(C) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete a. to e.) 
 
a. Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR Swap Rate-11:00 
 
b. Designated 
Maturity: 
Applies 
to: 
[All 
Interest 
Periods][The 
following Interest Periods: [●]] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is not an overnight rate) 
(If specified Designated Maturity applies to 
some Interest Accrual Periods only, repeat on 
subsequent rows until all relevant Interest 
Accrual Periods are specified) 
 
c. Reset Date: 
[●][●][First day of the relevant Interest 
Period][(Standard wording if Floating Rate 
Option is based on EURIBOR)][[●] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day [falling 
in][[immediately 
following][immediately

--- Page 246 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
237 
 
 
preceding] the first day of] the relevant 
Interest Period] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is not an overnight rate, otherwise the 
Reset Date is set as the last day of the relevant 
Interest Period) 
 
d. Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is an overnight rate) 
 
(I) OIS 
Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(II) Compounding 
with Lookback: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
(III) Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Day: [●]] 
Set in Advance: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(IV) Compounding 
with Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
e. Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(I) Overnight 
Average: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(II) Averaging with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
(III) Averaging with 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [●]

--- Page 247 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
238 
 
 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Day: [●]] 
Set in Advance: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(IV) Averaging with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
f. If 
other, 
specify 
basis 
for 
determination of the 
Rate of Interest, any 
relevant Margin and 
any 
fall-back 
provisions: 
[●] 
 
g. Margin(s): 
[●] 
 
h. Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not applicable] 
 
i. 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not applicable] 
 
j. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Act/360][Act/365][Act/Act][1/1] 
 
k. Fall back provisions, 
rounding provisions, 
denominator and any 
other terms relating 
to the method of 
calculating interest 
on 
Index 
/ 
Formula-Linked 
Notes Rate Notes, if 
different from those 
set 
out 
in 
the 
Conditions: 
[As per Conditions][●] 
 
(iv) 
USD CMS: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Underlying Benchmark: 
USD CMS [●] Year (“USD CMS”) 
 
(A) 
Manner in which USD 
CMS 
is 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination][ISDA 
Determination][Other (give details)] 
 
(B) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete (a) to (f).)

--- Page 248 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
239 
 
 
 
a. Relevant 
Rate/Benchmark: 
[●] 
 
b. Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
c. Relevant 
Screen 
Page/Page: 
[●] 
 
d. Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
e. Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[●] 
(If market is not specified it will be the 
London inter-bank market (in the case of 
LIBOR)], [EURO-zone inter-bank market (in 
the case of EURIBOR)) 
 
f. Reference Banks: 
[Applicable [●]][Not Specified] 
(Four Reference Banks should be specified, 
unless “Not Specified” is selected, in which 
case the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the rate acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) 
 
(C) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete a. to k.) 
 
a. Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
USD-ICE-Swap Rate 
 
b. Designated 
Maturity: 
Applies 
to: 
[All 
Interest 
Periods][The 
following Interest Periods: [●]] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is not an overnight rate) 
(If specified Designated Maturity applies to 
some Interest Accrual Periods only, repeat on 
subsequent rows until all relevant Interest 
Accrual Periods are specified) 
 
c. Reset Date: 
[●][●][First day of the relevant Interest 
Period][(Standard wording if Floating Rate 
Option is based on EURIBOR)][[●] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day [falling 
in][[immediately 
following][immediately 
preceding] the first day of] the relevant 
Interest Period] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is not an overnight rate, otherwise the 
Reset Date is set as the last day of the relevant 
Interest Period) 
 
d. Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 249 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
240 
 
 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is an overnight rate) 
 
(I) 
OIS 
Compoundin
g: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(II) 
Compoundin
g 
with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
(III) Compoundin
g 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Day: [●]] 
Set in Advance: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(IV) Compoundin
g 
with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
e. Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(I) 
Overnight 
Average: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(II) 
Averaging 
with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
(III) Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Day: [●]] 
Set in Advance: [Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 250 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
241 
 
 
 
(IV) Averaging 
with Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
f. If 
other, 
specify 
basis 
for 
determination of the 
Rate of Interest, any 
relevant Margin and 
any 
fall-back 
provisions: 
[●] 
 
g. Margin(s): 
[●] 
 
h. Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not applicable] 
 
i. 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not applicable] 
 
j. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Act/360][Act/365][Act/Act][1/1] 
 
k. Fall back provisions, 
rounding provisions, 
denominator and any 
other terms relating 
to the method of 
calculating interest 
on 
Index 
/ 
Formula-Linked 
Notes Rate Notes, if 
different from those 
set 
out 
in 
the 
Conditions: 
[As per Conditions][●] 
 
(v) 
GBP LIBOR: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Underlying Benchmark: 
[●] months GBP-LIBOR (“GBP LIBOR”) 
 
(A) 
Manner in which GBP 
LIBOR 
is 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination][ISDA 
Determination][Other (give details)] 
 
(B) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete a. to f.) 
 
a. Relevant 
Rate/Benchmark: 
[●] 
 
b. Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
c. Relevant 
Screen 
Page/Page: 
[●]

--- Page 251 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
242 
 
 
 
d. Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
e. Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[●] 
(If market is not specified it will be the 
London inter-bank market (in the case of 
LIBOR)], [EURO-zone inter-bank market (in 
the case of EURIBOR)) 
 
f. Reference Banks: 
[Applicable [●]][Not Specified] 
(Four Reference Banks should be specified, 
unless “Not Specified” is selected, in which 
case the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the rate acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) 
 
 
(C) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete a. to k.) 
 
a. Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
GBP-LIBOR-ICE 
 
b. Designated 
Maturity: 
Applies 
to: 
[All 
Interest 
Periods][The 
following Interest Periods: [●]] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is not an overnight rate) 
(If specified Designated Maturity applies to 
some Interest Accrual Periods only, repeat on 
subsequent rows until all relevant Interest 
Accrual Periods are specified) 
 
c. Reset Date: 
[●][●][First day of the relevant Interest 
Period][(Standard wording if Floating Rate 
Option is based on EURIBOR)][[●] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day [falling 
in][[immediately 
following][immediately 
preceding] the first day of] the relevant 
Interest Period] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is not an overnight rate, otherwise the 
Reset Date is set as the last day of the relevant 
Interest Period) 
 
d. Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is an overnight rate) 
 
(1) 
OIS 
Compoundin
g: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 252 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
243 
 
 
 
(2) 
Compoundin
g 
with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
(3) 
Compoundin
g 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Day: [●]] 
Set in Advance: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(4) 
Compoundin
g 
with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
e. Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(I) 
Overnight 
Average: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(II) 
Averaging 
with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
(III) Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Day: [●]] 
Set in Advance: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(IV) Averaging 
with Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5))

--- Page 253 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
244 
 
 
 
f. If 
other, 
specify 
basis 
for 
determination of the 
Rate of Interest, any 
relevant Margin and 
any 
fall-back 
provisions: 
[●] 
 
g. Margin(s): 
[●] 
 
h. Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not applicable] 
 
i. 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not applicable] 
 
j. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Act/360][Act/365][Act/Act][1/1] 
 
k. Fall back provisions, 
rounding provisions, 
denominator and any 
other terms relating 
to the method of 
calculating interest 
on 
Index 
/ 
Formula-Linked 
Notes Rate Notes, if 
different from those 
set 
out 
in 
the 
Conditions: 
[As per Conditions][●] 
 
(vi) 
Other: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Underlying Benchmark: 
[●] (“[●]”) 
 
(A) 
Manner 
in 
which 
USD-LIBOR is to be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination][ISDA 
Determination][Other (give details)] 
 
(B) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete a. to f.) 
 
a. Relevant 
Rate 
/ 
Benchmark: 
[●] 
 
b. Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
c. Relevant 
Screen 
Page / Page: 
[●] 
 
d. Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
e. Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[●] 
(If market is not specified it will be the 
London inter-bank market (in the case of 
LIBOR)], [EURO-zone inter-bank market (in 
the case of EURIBOR))

--- Page 254 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
245 
 
 
 
f. Reference Banks: 
[Applicable [●]][Not Specified] 
(Four Reference Banks should be specified, 
unless “Not Specified” is selected, in which 
case the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the rate acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) 
 
(C) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete a. to k.) 
 
a. Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[●] 
 
b. Designated 
Maturity: 
Applies 
to: 
[All 
Interest 
Periods][The 
following Interest Periods: [●]] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is not an overnight rate) 
(If specified Designated Maturity applies to 
some Interest Accrual Periods only, repeat on 
subsequent rows until all relevant Interest 
Accrual Periods are specified) 
 
c. Reset Date: 
[●][●][First day of the relevant Interest 
Period][(Standard wording if Floating Rate 
Option is based on EURIBOR)][[●] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day [falling 
in][[immediately 
following][immediately 
preceding] the first day of] the relevant 
Interest Period] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is not an overnight rate, otherwise the 
Reset Date is set as the last day of the relevant 
Interest Period) 
 
d. Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is an overnight rate) 
 
(I) 
OIS 
Compoundin
g: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(II) 
Compoundin
g 
with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
(III) Compoundin
g 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [●]

--- Page 255 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
246 
 
 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Day: [●]] 
Set in Advance: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(IV) Compoundin
g 
with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
e. Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(I) 
Overnight 
Average: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(II) 
Averaging 
with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
(III) Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Day: [●]] 
Set in Advance: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(IV) Averaging 
with Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
f. If 
other, 
specify 
basis 
for 
determination of the 
Rate of Interest, any 
relevant Margin and 
any 
fall-back 
provisions: 
[●] 
 
g. Margin(s): 
[●]

--- Page 256 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
247 
 
 
 
h. Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not applicable] 
 
i. 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not applicable] 
 
j. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Act/360][Act/365][Act/Act][1/1] 
 
k. Fall back provisions, 
rounding provisions, 
denominator and any 
other terms relating 
to the method of 
calculating interest 
on 
Index 
/ 
Formula-Linked 
Notes, if different 
from those set out in 
the Conditions: 
[As per Conditions][●] 
 
(l) 
Calculation 
Agent 
responsible 
for 
calculating the principal and/or interest 
due: 
[●] 
 
(m) 
Determination Agent: 
[●] 
 
(n) 
Interest Period(s): 
The initial Interest Period shall end on the 
[first][next] Interest Payment Date after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
The final Interest Period will end on, and 
exclude, [●][the Scheduled Maturity Date] 
 
(o) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Quarterly/Semi-annually/Annually] with the 
first Interest Payment Date falling on [●] and 
the last Interest Payment Date falling on 
[●][or: the Maturity Date], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention. 
 
(p) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
/ 
Modified 
Following Business Convention / Preceding 
Business Day Convention / other (give 
details)] 
 
(q) 
Additional Relevant Business Days: 
[●] 
 
(r) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Act/360][Act/365][Act/Act][1/1] 
 
Dual Currency Note Provisions 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate of Exchange/method of calculating 
Rate of Exchange: 
[give details] 
 
(b) 
Calculation Agent, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or interest 
payable: 
[●]

--- Page 257 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
248 
 
 
 
(c) 
Determination Agent, if any, responsible 
for calculating the principal and/or 
interest payable: 
[●] 
 
(d) 
Provisions applicable where calculation 
by reference to Rate of Exchange 
impossible or impracticable: 
[●] 
 
(e) 
Person at whose option Specified 
Currency(ies) is/are payable: 
[●] 
 
Variable Coupon Amount Provisions 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Specify basis for calculating interest 
amounts: 
[●] 
 
Pass Through Note Provisions 
[Not applicable][give details] 
 
Warrant Provisions 
[Not applicable][give details] 
 
Benchmark Provisions 
 
 
(a) 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index: 
[Not applicable][give details] 
 
(b) 
Impacted Index: 
[Not applicable/[●]] 
[Specify an index, benchmark or price source] 
 
(c) 
Relevant Rate Benchmark: 
[Relevant 
Screen 
Page][Floating 
Rate 
Option][Impacted Index][give details][Not 
applicable] 
 
(d) 
Specified Public Source: 
[Not applicable][give details] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND EXCHANGE 
 
Early Redemption Events: 
 
 
(a) 
Underlying Disposal Event: 
 
 
(i) 
Applicable 
grace 
periods 
(Condition 7(b)(i)(A) 
(Underlying Disposal Event): 
[As per Condition 7(b)(i)(A)][Specify if any 
grace period is applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Termination 
of 
Related 
Agreement 
(Condition 7(b)(i)(B) 
(Underlying Disposal Event): 
[Give details] 
 
(iii) 
Variation to early tax redemption 
provisions (Condition 7(b)(i)(C) 
(Underlying Disposal Event): 
[Not applicable][Give details] 
 
(iv) 
Application of Mark-to-Market 
Trigger 
Event 
(Condition 7(b)(i)(D) 
(Underlying Disposal Event): 
[Applicable][Not applicable]

--- Page 258 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
249 
 
 
 
(v) 
Mark-to-Market 
Trigger 
Percentage: 
[[●] per cent.][Not applicable] 
 
(b) 
Early Redemption of Underlying Assets: 
 
 
(i) 
Notice period if other than as set 
out in Condition 7(b)(ii) (Early 
Redemption 
of 
Underlying 
Assets): 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
 
(c) 
Credit Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (if applicable, 
give details.  If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Not applicable][Specify] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Obligations: 
[Not Applicable][Specify] 
 
(iii) 
Notice period if other than as set 
out 
in 
(Condition 7(b)(iii) 
(Credit Event): 
[Not Applicable][Specify] 
 
(d) 
Regulatory Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(i) 
Regulatory Event Counterparty: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Additional Regulatory Event: 
[●][Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Regulatory Out Proviso: 
[As 
per 
Condition 7(b)(iv) 
(Regulatory 
Event)][Not applicable] 
 
Purchase at Issuer’s Option (Condition 7(c) 
(Purchase)): 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
 
Optional Issuer Call: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Issuer Call Condition: 
[Counterparty Election Optional Issuer Call] 
[Calculation Agent Determination Optional 
Issuer Call] 
[Specify details] 
 
(b) 
Optional Issuer Call Settlement 
[Cash 
to 
Counterparty][Delivery 
to 
Counterparty] 
 
(c) 
Optional Issuer Call Settlement Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(d) 
Optional 
Issuer 
Call 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●]  
 
(e) 
Optional 
Issuer 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[●] per Note 
 
(f) 
Optional 
Issuer 
Call 
Termination 
Exercise Cut-off Date(s): 
[As specified in Condition 7(f) (Redemption 
following Optional Issuer Call)][Other]

--- Page 259 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
250 
 
 
 
(g) 
Release of security over Underlying 
Assets: 
[●] 
 
(h) 
Termination of Related Agreement: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Notice period if other than as set out in 
Condition 7(f) (Redemption following 
Optional Issuer Call): 
[●] 
 
(j) 
Partial Optional Issuer Calls: 
[Provide details] 
 
Redemption at the [option/request] of the 
Noteholders: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Redemption Amount(s) and method, if 
any, of calculation of such amount(s): 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Release of security over Underlying 
Assets: 
[●] 
 
(d) 
Termination of Related Agreement: 
[●] 
 
(e) 
Notice period if other than as set out in 
Condition [7(g) (Redemption at the 
Option of Noteholders’ and Exercise of 
Noteholders’ Options)][7(k) (Exchange 
of Series)]: 
[●] 
 
Termination of Related Agreement at the 
option of the Counterparty: 
[In whole][In part only] (Specify additional 
terms and conditions) 
 
Exchange Optional: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Additional conditions: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Amount due on termination of Related 
Agreement: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Notice period if other than as set out in 
Condition 7(j) (Exchange of Notes for 
Underlying Assets): 
[●] 
 
Notes exchangeable for Notes of another 
Series: 
[Not applicable][give details] 
 
Settlement Basis: 
[Cash Settlement][Physical Settlement][Cash 
Settlement and Physical Settlement] (specify 
to which redemption provisions the method of 
settlement relates) 
 
Physical Settlement 
 
 
(a) 
Physical Delivery Agent: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[●]

--- Page 260 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
251 
 
 
 
(c) 
Longstop Date: 
[Not Applicable][As per Conditions] [If other 
than as provided in the Conditions, please 
give details] 
 
(d) 
Partial Cash Settlement: 
[●] 
 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Par/other [specified above]] 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Par/other [specified above]] 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event of 
default and/or the method of calculating the same 
(if required or if different from that set out in 
Condition 7) 
(Redemption, 
Purchase 
and 
Exchange): 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: (if not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs relating to Bearer 
Notes)] 
 
(a) 
Temporary 
or 
Permanent 
Global 
Note/Registered Note /Dematerialised 
Note: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [[on [●] days’ notice][at any 
time/]] in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Permanent Global Note]7. 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on [●] days’ notice in the 
limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note]] 8. 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [[on [●] days’ notice][at any 
time/]]7 in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Permanent Global Note/] [[at the option 
of the bearer and at [●]’s cost and expense]]8. 
 
 
[Bearer Notes exchangeable for Registered 
Notes]. 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
[Regulation S Global Note (U.S.$/EUR[●] 
nominal amount) registered in the name of a 
nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
[Rule 144A Global Note (U.S.$[●] nominal 
amount) registered in the name of a nominee 
for [DTC/a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common 
                                                     
7 
Not applicable if the Authorised Denomination of the Notes is multiple denominations above EUR100,000 and integral multiples 
of EUR1,000 in excess thereof up to and including EUR199,000.  Furthermore, such specified denomination construction is not 
permitted in relation to any issuance of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes.

--- Page 261 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
252 
 
 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]] 
[insert alternative provisions]] 
 
 
[Dematerialised Notes] 
 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
[Only Premium Green and PREMIUM Plus 
may issue a New Global Note] 
 
(c) 
NSS Global Note: 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
[Only Premium Green and PREMIUM Plus 
may issue a NSS Global Note] 
 
(d) 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue 
to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safekeeper,] [include this text for 
registered notes] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognized as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as 
“no” at the date of this Pricing Supplement, 
should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safekeeper,] [include this text for 
registered notes]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]]

--- Page 262 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
253 
 
 
 
Additional business days or other special 
provisions relating to payment for the 
purposes of Condition 8(g) (Non-Business 
Days): 
[●] 
 
Paying Agent/Registrar/Alternative Registrar 
(if other than as specified in the Agency 
Agreement): 
[●] 
 
(a) 
Specified office of Paying Agent: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Replacement Agent (if not Paying 
Agent): 
[Not applicable][Specify] 
 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
 
Partly Paid Notes: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(a) 
Part Payment Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Part Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Failure to pay: 
[Insert consequences (if any) of failure to pay, 
including any right of the Issuer to forfeit the 
Notes and interest due on late payment] 
 
Details relating to Instalment Notes:  amount 
of each instalment, date on which each 
payment is to be made: 
[Not applicable][give details] 
 
Variation to provisions of Condition 10 
(Events of Default): 
[Not applicable][give details] 
 
Use of Proceeds (if other than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[As per Conditions][give details] 
 
Other terms or special conditions (including 
any 
additional 
provisions 
relating 
to 
(a) enforcement of Prioritised Tranches and 
(b) conflicts of interest between Prioritised 
Tranches): 
[Not applicable][give details] 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not applicable][give names] 
 
(b) 
Stabilising Manager (if any): 
[Not applicable][give name] 
 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[●] 
 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not applicable][give details] 
 
Commission payable: 
[[●] per cent.][Not applicable] 
 
Selling Concession: 
[[●] per cent.][Not applicable] 
 
Expenses: 
[●][Not applicable] 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION

--- Page 263 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
254 
 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not 
applicable][give 
name(s) 
and 
number(s)]] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free] of payment 
RELATED AGREEMENTS AND SECURITY 
 
Related Agreements: 
[●] 
 
Swap Agreement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Specify any details required if disclosure in 
the Base Prospectus is insufficient) 
 
Swap Counterparty: 
[Insert name of institution] 
 
Swap Guarantor: 
[Not applicable] [Insert name of institution] 
 
Credit Support Annex: 
[Applicable – Payable by Issuer] 
[Applicable – Payable by Swap Counterparty] 
[Applicable – Payable by Issuer and Swap 
Counterparty] 
[Not applicable] 
(If “Not applicable”, delete (a) to (xiii).) 
 
(a) 
Base Currency: 
[●] 
(Insert if different than currency in which the 
Series of Notes is denominated) 
 
(b) 
Eligible Currency: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Order in which Eligible Credit Support is 
to be transferred by the Issuer as 
Transferor 
[●] 
(Only needed if Issuer has more than one type 
of asset it would be able to post) 
 
(d) 
Order in which Equivalent Credit 
Support is to be transferred by the Swap 
Counterparty as Transferee 
[●] 
(Only needed if Issuer has more than one type 
of asset it would be able to post) 
 
(e) 
Eligible Credit Support: 
The Eligible Credit Support for the party 
specified (as the Transferor) shall be: 
 
(i) 
Eligible Credit Support for the 
Swap Counterparty: 
Eligible 
Credit 
Support 
Valuation 
Percentage 
[Cash in an Eligible 
Currency] 
[●][100] per cent. 
[The 
Underlying 
Assets] 
[●] per cent.

--- Page 264 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
255 
 
 
 
[Debt 
obligations 
issued 
by 
the 
Government 
of 
Austria, Belgium, 
Denmark, Finland, 
France, Germany, 
Ireland, 
Italy, 
Netherlands, Spain, 
Sweden, Japan or 
the 
UK 
denominated in the 
lawful currency of 
the 
relevant 
country] 
[●] per cent. 
[Debt 
obligations 
issued by any other 
obligor with rating 
not lower than that 
of the obligor of the 
Underlying Assets 
incorporated 
in 
Austria, Belgium, 
Denmark, Finland, 
France, Germany, 
Ireland, 
Italy, 
Netherlands, Spain, 
Sweden, Japan or 
the 
UK 
denominated in the 
lawful currency of 
the 
relevant 
country] 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Eligible Credit Support for the 
Issuer: 
Eligible 
Credit 
Support 
Valuation 
Percentage 
[Cash in an Eligible 
Currency] 
[●][100] per cent. 
[The 
Underlying 
Assets] 
[●] per cent. 
[Any other asset or 
property notified by 
the 
Swap 
Counterparty to the 
Issuer in writing 
from time to time, 
provided 
such 
assets are available 
to the Issuer in 
respect 
of 
the 
[●] per cent. 
[Such percentage as 
is notified by the 
Swap Counterparty 
to the Issuer in 
writing from time 
to time]

--- Page 265 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
256 
 
 
relevant Series of 
Notes] 
 
 
 
 
(f) 
Minimum Transfer Amount for the 
Issuer: 
[●] 
(Insert if the initial Minimum Transfer 
Amount is to be other than zero) 
 
(g) 
Minimum Transfer Amount for the Swap 
Counterparty: 
[●] 
(Insert if the initial Minimum Transfer 
Amount is to be other than zero) 
 
(h) 
Valuation Date: 
[Insert days that will be Valuation Dates] 
(Only needed if Valuation Dates are other 
than every relevant business day) 
 
(i) 
Interest Rate for cash forming part of the 
Swap Counterparty’s Credit Support 
Balance: 
[Insert applicable Interest Rate] 
(If not specified, this will be the Custodian’s 
prevailing rate) 
 
(j) 
Interest Rate for cash forming part of the 
Issuer’s Credit Support Balance: 
[Insert applicable Interest Rate] 
(If not specified, this will be such rate as 
determined by the Swap Counterparty acting 
in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner) 
 
Repurchase Agreement: 
[Applicable – Reverse Repo] 
[Applicable – Repo and Reverse Repo] 
[Not applicable] 
(Specify any details required if disclosure in 
the Base Prospectus is insufficient) 
(a) 
Transaction Exposure: 
[●] 
(b) 
Spot Rate:  
[●] 
(c) 
time for determining Net Exposure: 
[●] 
(d) 
delivery period for margin calls: 
[●] 
 
Securities Lending Agreement: 
[Applicable] 
[Not applicable] 
(Specify any details required if disclosure in 
the Base Prospectus is insufficient) 
 
Application of Proceeds: 
[Counterparty 
Priority][Noteholder 
Priority][Pari Passu Priority][Other Priority – 
details to be specified] 
 
Liquidation Amount: 
[As per Conditions][give details]

--- Page 266 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
257 
 
 
 
Substitution of Underlying Assets: 
[Not applicable][give details] 
 
Gross-up: 
[Yes – give details][No] 
 
Security: 
[As per Conditions][give details] 
 
Negative Interest: 
Negative Interest shall be borne by the 
[Issuer][Counterparty] 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
Custodian: 
[●] 
 
Description of Underlying Assets: 
[●] 
 
Description of Issuer of Underlying Assets: 
[●] 
 
Redenomination: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
[If 
Redenomination is applicable, specify any 
provision necessary to deal with floating rate 
interest calculation]

--- Page 267 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
 
258 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised 
[on new page, listing related provisions].

--- Page 268 ---
General Information 
 
 
259 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in [●] in connection with 
the issue of the Notes and entry into relevant documentation relating thereto.  The issue of the Notes 
and entry into relevant documentation relating thereto was authorised by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer and passed on [●].  
2. 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer and no material 
adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer, since the date of the most recently 
audited accounts for the financial year ended [●].  There are no governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is 
aware) which may have, or have had since its incorporation on [●], a significant effect on its financial 
position or its profitability. 
3. 
The aggregate amount of expenses to be borne by the Issuer in connection with the issue and listing of 
the Notes will not exceed [●]. 
4. 
[●] is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection with the Notes and is not 
itself seeking admission of the Notes to [the Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on its 
regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation] [be listed on the Global Exchange 
Market operated and regulated by Euronext Dublin][to be listed on the Vienna MTF operated and 
regulated by Wiener Börse AG]. 
5. 
Copies of the following documents will be available in physical form during usual business hours on 
any weekday for inspection at the registered office of the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent 
so long as any Notes are outstanding: 
(a) 
[Drawdown Prospectus][Supplemental Listing Particulars]; 
(b) 
Supplemental Trust Deed; 
(c) 
[●]; 
(d) 
[●]; 
(e) 
[●]; and 
(f) 
[●] 
Registered office of the Issuer 
[●]

--- Page 269 ---
Irish Taxation 
 
 
260 
 
 
IRISH TAXATION 
With respect to Notes issued by an Issuer incorporated in Ireland (such as Premium Green PLC and 
PREMIUM Plus p.l.c.): 
Introduction 
The following is a summary of the principal Irish withholding tax consequences for individuals and 
companies of ownership of the Notes and some other miscellaneous tax matters based on the laws and 
practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners currently in force in Ireland and may be subject to change.  
The summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the tax considerations that 
may be relevant to a decision to own the Notes.  It deals with Noteholders who beneficially own their 
Notes and Coupons thereon as an investment. Particular rules not discussed below may apply to certain 
classes of taxpayers holding Notes, such as dealers in securities, trusts etc.  The summary does not 
constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature only.  Prospective investors 
in the Notes should consult their professional advisers on the tax implications of the purchase, holding, 
redemption or sale of the Notes and the receipt of interest thereon under the laws of their country of 
residence, citizenship or domicile.  In particular, holders of Notes should be aware that they may be liable 
to taxation under the laws of other jurisdictions in relation to payments in respect of the Notes even if 
such payments may be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of taxation under the 
laws of Ireland.  Noteholders should be aware that the particular terms of issue of any series of Notes as 
specified in the relevant Terms and Conditions may affect the tax treatment of that and other series of 
Notes. 
Withholding Tax 
In general, tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.), is required to be withheld from 
payments of Irish source interest which should include interest payable on the Notes. 
Subject to the discussion below, the Issuer will not be obliged to make a withholding or deduction for or on 
account of Irish income tax from a payment of interest on a Note so long as the following conditions are met: 
(a) 
the Notes are quoted Eurobonds, i.e. securities which are issued by a Company (such as the Issuers), 
which are quoted on a recognised stock exchange (which is interpreted by the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners to mean an exchange which is recognised by the appropriate regulatory authorities in 
the country in which it is located and has substantially the same level of recognition in that country as 
the Irish Stock Exchange has in Ireland) and which carry a right to interest; and 
(b) 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland, or if such person is in Ireland, 
either: 
(i) 
the Note is held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue Commissioners; (DTC, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are, amongst others, so recognised); or 
(ii) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the Note and who is beneficially entitled to the interest 
is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to a relevant person (such as a paying agent 
located in Ireland) in the prescribed form. 
Thus, subject to the discussion below, so long as the Notes continue to be quoted on Euronext Dublin 
or another recognised stock exchange and are held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners, interest on the Notes can be paid by any paying agent acting on behalf of the relevant 
Issuer without any withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax.  If the Notes continue 
to be quoted but cease to be held in a recognised clearing system, interest on the Notes may be paid 
without any withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax provided such payment is 
made through a paying agent outside Ireland. 
Interest or other distributions paid out on the Notes which are profit-dependent or any part of which exceeds a 
reasonable commercial return could, under certain anti-avoidance provisions, be re-characterised as a 
non-deductible distribution and so be subject to dividend withholding tax in certain circumstances. However, 
this should not apply where the relevant Issuer can confirm that, at the time the Notes were issued, the Issuer

--- Page 270 ---
Irish Taxation 
 
 
261 
 
 
was not in possession or aware of any information, including information about any arrangement or 
understanding in relation to ownership of the Notes after that time, which could reasonably be taken to indicate 
that interest or other distributions paid on the Notes would not be subject, without reduction computed by 
reference to the amount of such interest or other distribution, to a tax in a relevant territory which generally 
applies to profits, income or gains received in that relevant territory by persons from sources outside that relevant 
territory, where the terms “relevant territory” means a member state of the European Union (other than Ireland) 
or a country with which Ireland has signed a double tax treaty. 
Encashment Tax 
In certain circumstances, Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the standard rate of income tax (currently 
25 per cent.) from interest on any Note, where such interest is collected or realised by a bank or encashment 
agent in Ireland on behalf of any Noteholder.  There is an exemption from encashment tax where (i) the 
beneficial owner of the interest is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to this effect in the 
prescribed form to the encashment agent or bank or (ii) the beneficial owner of the interest is a company which 
is within the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of the interest. 
Stamp Duty 
No stamp duty or similar tax is imposed in Ireland on the issue, transfer or redemption of the Notes provided 
the Issuer is a qualifying company for the purposes of Section 110 of the TCA and the proceeds of the Notes 
are used in the course of the Issuer’s business.

--- Page 271 ---
General Information 
 
 
262 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank, as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or the quality of the Notes that are 
the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in the Notes. 
Application will be made to Euronext Dublin for certain Notes issued under the Programme pursuant 
to the Principal Trust Deed between, inter alios, the Existing Issuers and the Trustee, as more fully 
described in this Base Prospectus for the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to 
be admitted to the Official List and trading on the Regulated Market. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on Euronext Dublin 
or any other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealers may agree (including the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin or the Vienna MTF). 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or trading 
on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation nor is Arthur 
Cox Listing Services Limited seeking admission of the Notes to trading on the Global Exchange Market 
of Euronext Dublin or the Vienna MTF. 
2. 
Each Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
3. 
(a) 
The Programme was established on 9 March 2006. 
(b) 
The Board of Directors of Premium Green resolved on 4 April 2006 to accede to the 
Programme.  Such accession was effected by the execution of a deed of accession dated 6 April 
2006 between, inter alios, Premium Green and the then Trustee. 
(c) 
The Board of Directors of PREMIUM Plus resolved on 27 May 2009 to accede to the 
Programme.  Such accession was effected by the execution of a deed of accession dated 28 May 
2009 between, inter alios, PREMIUM Plus and the then Trustee. 
(d) 
The Board of Directors of Premium Green resolved on 2 May 2007 to update the Programme 
and to increase Premium Green’s Issuer Limit to EUR25,000,000,000. 
(e) 
The Issuer Limit, with respect to PREMIUM Plus, of EUR25,000,000,000 has been authorised 
by resolution of the Board of Directors of PREMIUM Plus dated 27 May 2009. 
(f) 
The current update of the Programme was authorised by the resolution of the Board of Directors 
of Premium Green on 26 August 2021 and the resolution of the Board of Directors of 
PREMIUM Plus on 26 August 2021. 
4. 
Each Bearer Note, Dematerialised Note, Receipt, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code”. 
5. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (and/or 
any other relevant clearing system as set out in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms.  The ISIN 
Number and Common Code (and any other relevant identification number of any alternative clearing 
system) for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
6. 
Where any Issuer accepts the proceeds of Notes in the United Kingdom, it will do so pursuant to an 
exclusion contained in Article 9 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) 
Order 2001 (the “RAO”) and therefore it will not be deemed to be “accepting deposits in the United

--- Page 272 ---
General Information 
 
 
263 
 
 
Kingdom”.  In order to satisfy the requirements of Article 9 of the RAO, Notes will be offered only to 
persons who meet one or both of the criteria specified below: 
(a) 
persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(b) 
persons who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their business. 
7. 
(a) 
Premium Green is not, and has not been involved in any governmental legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which Premium 
Green is aware) since the date of its incorporation on 24 March 2006 which may have or have 
had since such date a significant effect on its financial position or profitability. 
(b) 
PREMIUM Plus is not, and has not been involved in any governmental legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which PREMIUM 
Plus is aware) since the date of its incorporation on 21 May 2009 which may have or have had 
since such date a significant effect on its financial position or profitability.  
8. 
(a) 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of Premium Green and 
no material adverse change in its financial position or prospects since 31 March 2020. 
(b) 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of PREMIUM Plus 
and no material adverse change in its financial position or prospects since 31 March 2020. 
9. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes remain outstanding: 
(i) 
the Principal Trust Deed dated 12 October 2021, as supplemented or amended and/or restated 
from time to time (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the Definitive Notes, the 
Coupons, Receipts and Talons and Registered Notes) will be made available for inspection in 
physical format; 
(ii) 
the most recent publicly available financial statements of each Issuer including the Premium 
Green financial statements in respect of the periods ending on 31 March 2019 and 31 March 
2020 and the PREMIUM Plus financial statements in respect of the period ending on 31 March 
2019 and 31 March 2020, which have been filed with Euronext Dublin for Premium Green and 
PREMIUM Plus, and which have also been filed with the Central Bank for PREMIUM Plus 
will be made available for inspection in physical format; and 
(iii) 
the Constitution of each Issuer will be made available free of charge, 
in each case, from the date hereof during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays 
and public holidays excepted) at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent and at the registered 
office of the Issuer. The documents listed in sub-paragraphs (i) to (iii) above shall be available for 
inspection 
in 
electronic 
format 
and 
will 
be 
available 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/24780/documents. 
10. 
Credit ratings included or referred to in this Base Prospectus have been or, as applicable, may be, issued 
by S&P, Moody’s, Fitch, Standard & Poor’s Credit Market Services France S.A.S., Moody’s France 
S.A.S., and/or Fitch France S.A.S., each of which is established or has offices established in the 
European Union and has applied to be (or have its European Union based offices or subsidiaries be) 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 and 
Regulation (EU) No 462/2013 (the “CRA Regulation”). 
Each of S&P, Moody’s, Fitch, Standard & Poor’s Credit Market Services France S.A.S., Moody’s 
France S.A.S., and/or Fitch France S.A.S. are established in the European Union and registered under 
the CRA Regulation.  Whether or not a rating in relation to any Series of Notes will be treated as having 
been issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended by the CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms.

--- Page 273 ---
General Information 
 
 
264 
 
 
11. 
The total expenses in relation to the admission to trading and approval of the Base Prospectus and Base 
Listing Particulars are approximately EUR 5,300.

--- Page 274 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUERS 
Premium Green PLC 
Fourth Floor 
76 Lower Baggot Street 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
PREMIUM Plus p.l.c. 
Fourth Floor 
76 Lower Baggot Street 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis, 
CS 70052, 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
CALCULATION AGENT, DETERMINATION 
AGENT AND DISPOSAL AGENT 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis, 
CS 70052, 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London, E14 5HQ 
England 
TRUSTEE 
HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) 
Limited 
8 Canada Square 
London, E14 5HQ 
England 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
ISSUE AGENT, CUSTODIAN AND 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London, E14 5HQ 
England 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Arranger and Dealer as to English law 
White & Case LLP 
5 Old Broad Street 
London EC2N 1DW 
United Kingdom 
To Premium Green PLC and PREMIUM Plus p.l.c. 
as to Irish law 
Arthur Cox LLP 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland