--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
(incorporated as a joint stock company under the laws of the Slovak Republic) 
EUR 3,000,000,000 Covered Bonds Issuance Programme 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s., with its registered seat at Hodžova 11, 010 11 Žilina, Slovak Republic, Identification No.: 31 575 951, 
registered in the Commercial Register of the District Court Žilina, Section: Sa, File No. 148/L (the Issuer) has approved a covered 
bonds issuance programme (in Slovak: program dlhových cenných papierov) of up to EUR 3,000,000,000 (the Programme), under 
which it may continuously or repeatedly issue covered bonds (in Slovak: kryté dlhopisy) (the Bonds). 
The Bonds shall be issued in accordance with the laws of the Slovak Republic, in particular under Act No. 530/1990 Coll. on Bonds, 
as amended (the Bonds Act), Act No. 566/2001 Coll. on Securities and Investment Services, Amending and Supplementing Certain 
Acts, as amended (the Securities Act) and under Act No. 483/2001 Coll. on Banks, Amending and Supplementing Certain Acts, as 
amended (the Act on Banks). 
This document prepared by the Issuer as of 29 December 2022 constitutes a base prospectus (in Slovak: základný prospekt) 
(the Prospectus) for the Bonds issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market (the Prospectus Regulation) and pursuant to Annexes 7 and 15 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market (the Prospectus DR). 
The Prospectus was approved by the National Bank of Slovakia (the NBS), as the competent authority of the Slovak Republic 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, by its valid and effective (in Slovak: právoplatné) decision dated 10 January 2023. The 
NBS only approved this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the NBS should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or an endorsement 
of the quality of the Bonds that are the subject of this Prospectus. 
The Prospectus will not be registered, authorised or approved by any authority of another state, except that the Issuer may request the 
NBS to notify the approval of the Prospectus to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF) as the competent 
authority of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or any other competent authority of another Member State of the European Economic 
Area (the EEA) for the purpose of admitting the Programme or the Bonds for trading on a regulated market in that other Member State. 
The Prospectus is subject to subsequent publication pursuant to Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The validity of this Prospectus will expire on 13 January 2023 in relation to the Bonds, which are to be admitted to trading on 
a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The final terms (in Slovak: konečné podmienky) prepared by the Issuer with regard to a particular issue of the Bonds under the 
Programme (the Final Terms) will be submitted to the NBS and published in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and the 
Securities Act. The Final Terms will include such information of the issue of the Bonds, which is unknown at the moment of the 
preparation of the Prospectus or stated in the Prospectus in several alternatives. 
The Issuer may apply for admission of the Programme or the Bonds for trading on the regulated market of Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(the LSE) which is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 
May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (MiFID II), or on a 
regulated market in another Member State of the EEA other than the Slovak Republic, in each case compliance with the respective 
legal regulations and the rules of the relevant stock exchange. Information about the regulated market to which the application for 
admission to trading will be submitted will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Individual issues of the Bonds are expected to be rated; the credit rating will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. A credit rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning credit rating agency. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant issue of the Bonds will 
be issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the CRA Regulation) 
will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. The European Securities and Markets Authority (the ESMA) publishes on its website a 
list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  
Prospective investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Bonds. Investing in the Bonds 
involves risks. Prospective investors should consider mainly the risks described in clause 2 “Risk Factors”. 
Issuer and arranger 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s.

--- Page 2 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
(ii) 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Clause 
Page 
1. 
Overview of the Programme ..................................................................................................................... 1 
2. 
Risk Factors ............................................................................................................................................... 4 
2.1 
Risk factors associated with the Issuer ................................................................................. 4 
2.2 
Risk factors associated with the Bonds .............................................................................. 15 
3. 
Responsibility Statement ......................................................................................................................... 22 
4. 
Information about the Issuer .................................................................................................................... 23 
4.1 
Basic information ............................................................................................................... 23 
4.2 
History ............................................................................................................................... 23 
4.3 
Business overview ............................................................................................................. 23 
4.4 
Strategy and key strengths ................................................................................................. 24 
4.5 
Principal markets ............................................................................................................... 27 
4.6 
Rating ................................................................................................................................. 27 
4.7 
Information regarding current and new products/services ................................................. 27 
4.8 
Organisational structure and status of the Issuer in its group ............................................. 27 
4.9 
Trend information .............................................................................................................. 28 
4.10 
Profit forecasts or estimate ................................................................................................. 28 
4.11 
Administrative, managing and supervising bodies ............................................................ 28 
4.12 
Major shareholders............................................................................................................. 29 
4.13 
Financial information concerning assets and liabilities, financial situation and profits and 
losses of the Issuer ............................................................................................................. 30 
4.14 
Legal, administrative and arbitration proceedings ............................................................. 30 
4.15 
Significant change in the Issuer’s financial position and other significant changes .......... 30 
4.16 
Material contracts............................................................................................................... 30 
5. 
Reasons for the Offer and the Use of Proceeds ....................................................................................... 31 
6. 
Basic Information about the Bonds ......................................................................................................... 32 
7. 
Common Terms ....................................................................................................................................... 34 
PART A: INFORMATION ABOUT THE BONDS ............................................................................... 34 
PART B: TRADING, CONDITIONS OF OFFER AND OTHER INFORMATION ............................. 46 
8. 
Form of the Final Terms .......................................................................................................................... 48 
9. 
Distribution and Selling Restrictions ....................................................................................................... 55 
10. 
General Description of Taxation in the Slovak Republic ........................................................................ 59 
11. 
General Information ................................................................................................................................ 60 
12. 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ................................................................................................... 64 
13. 
Documents Available .............................................................................................................................. 65 
14. 
Glossary ................................................................................................................................................... 66

--- Page 3 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
1 
 
 
1. 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete; it provides only the selection of information from the 
following parts of the Prospectus. Therefore, it is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Prospectus 
and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular issue of the Bonds, the applicable Final Terms. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of the 
Prospectus DR. 
 
Issuer: 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
315700K45LRKNGMUIW27 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Bonds issued under the Programme. In addition, 
there are certain factors, which are material for the purpose of assessing 
the market risks associated with the Bonds issued under the Programme 
and risks relating to the legal features of the Bonds issued under the 
Programme. All of these are set out in clause 2, “Risk Factors”. 
Programme Description: 
Covered Bonds Issuance Programme up to EUR 3,000,000,000 under 
Slovak law 
Arranger: 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
Issuing 
and 
Paying 
Agent 
(Administrator): 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
Programme Size: 
Up to EUR 3,000,000,000 outstanding at any time. 
 
Dealers: 
The Issuer may appoint one or several financial institutions 
(intermediaries) to act as the dealers for offering of any individual 
issuance of the Bonds. The Issuer itself may act as the Dealer. 
Distribution: 
Bonds may be distributed only by way of private placement and on a 
syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Bonds will be denominated only in euro. 
Maturities: 
Bonds will have maturities set out in the applicable Final Terms, subject 
to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or 
any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer. 
Issue Price: 
Bonds may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which is 
at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Bonds 
Bonds will be issued in registered form (in Slovak: zaknihované) bearer 
(in Slovak: na doručiteľa) bonds (in Slovak: dlhopisy) under Slovak law.  
No global or physical certificates will be issued. 
Fixed Rate Bonds: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Floating Rate Bonds: 
Floating Rate Bonds will bear interest at a rate determined on the basis 
of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Bonds in respect of each Interest Period will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the

--- Page 4 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
2 
 
 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Bonds: 
Zero Coupon Bonds will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Bonds 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity or that such Bonds will 
be redeemable at the option of the Issuer upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity 
and at a price or prices and on such other terms as will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms may also indicate that the Bonds will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer for taxation reasons. 
The Bonds will not be redeemed early at the option of the Noteholders 
under any circumstances. 
Denomination of Bonds: 
Denomination of each Note will be at least EUR 100,000. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Bonds will be made without deduction for 
or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any relevant jurisdiction, 
unless such deduction is required by law.  
The applicable Final Terms may indicate that in case any such deduction 
or withholding is made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited 
circumstances, be required to pay additional amounts to cover the 
amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Bonds will not contain any negative pledge provision. 
Cross-default: 
The terms of the Bonds will not contain any cross-default provision. 
Status of the Bonds: 
Obligations from the Bonds constitute direct, general, secured (covered, 
in Slovak: kryté), unconditional and unsubordinated liabilities of the 
Issuer which rank pari passu among themselves and always rank at least 
pari passu with any other direct, general, similarly secured (covered, in 
Slovak: kryté), unconditional and unsubordinated liabilities of the Issuer, 
present and future, save for those obligations of the Issuer as may be 
stipulated by mandatory provisions of law. 
Rating: 
Individual issues of the Bonds are expected to be rated, and such rating, 
as well as the credit rating agency which has assigned it, will be specified 
in the Final Terms. The rating cannot be considered a recommendation 
to purchase, sell or hold the securities and may be subject to suspension, 
downgrade or withdrawal at any time by the assigning credit rating 
agency. 
Listing: 
Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on a 
regulated market of the LSE or on other regulated markets outside of the 
Slovak Republic as decided by the Issuer.  
Bonds which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Bonds 
are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchanges and/or markets.

--- Page 5 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
3 
 
 
Settlement: 
The primary settlement of the Bonds will be in each case through Slovak 
Central Securities Depositary (in Slovak: Centrálny depozitár cenných 
papierov SR, a.s.). 
The Bonds may also be settled and held through international central 
depositories such as Euroclear or Clearstream through their bridge 
accounts or links maintained with the Slovak Central Securities 
Depositary. 
Governing Law: 
The Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Bonds will be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, Slovak law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
The Bonds are not for distribution to non-professional clients. 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Bonds in the 
United States, the EEA Member States, the United Kingdom and other 
jurisdictions such other restrictions as may be required in connection 
with the offering and sale of a particular issue of the Bonds. 
For more details, see clause 9 “Distribution and Selling Restrictions”. 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2 of the United States Securities Act of 1933.

--- Page 6 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
4 
 
 
2. 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should carefully consider the risk factors set forth below as well as any other information 
included in the Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms prior to making any investment decision with respect 
to the Bonds. The described risk factors may individually or jointly affect the Issuer’s ability to meet the 
obligations under the Bonds. 
The Issuer has only described in the Prospectus the risk factors related to its business, activities and financial 
situation and prospects that it considers to be material and of which it is currently aware. There may be 
additional risks that the Issuer does not currently consider significant or currently not aware of, which may also 
have an adverse effect on business, activity, financial situation, prospects and the Issuer’s ability to meet the 
obligations under the Bonds. Therefore, the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, repay the principal amount or 
other sums arising from or in relation to the Bonds may also be caused by other reasons which the Issuer may 
not consider to be material based on information available to it, or which it is unable to foresee as at the date 
of the Prospectus. 
The risk factors described below are lined up according to materiality, probability of their occurrence and the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact on the Issuer’s business. The risk factors are presented in a limited 
number of categories depending on their nature. In each category the most material risk factors are mentioned 
first. 
2.1 
Risk factors associated with the Issuer  
Each of the Issuer related risks highlighted below could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, 
operations, financial situation or prospects which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on its ability to 
meets the obligations under the Bonds. In addition, each of the Issuer related risks highlighted below could 
adversely affect the trading price of the Bonds or the rights of investors under the Bonds and, as a result, 
investors could lose some or all of their investment. 
Risk factors associated with the Issuer have been classified into the following categories: 
(i) 
Macroeconomic risk factors affecting the Issuer; 
(ii) 
Market and client sector risk factors affecting the Issuer; 
(iii) 
Risks factors associated with the Issuer’s financial situation and creditworthiness; 
(iv) 
Risks factors associated with the Issuer’s position in the Slovak banking market; 
(v) 
Legal and regulatory risk factors associated with the Issuer; and 
(vi) 
Risk factors associated with the Issuer’s operations and internal controls. 
Macroeconomic risk factors affecting the Issuer 
The Issuer may be adversely affected by the effects of the changing global financial and economicenviroment 
, geopolitical situation and military conflict in Ukraine, sovereign debt issues, high inflation, change in the 
monetary policy with higher Interest rates and the risk of one or more Member States leaving the European 
Union or the Eurozone and other negative macroeconomic and market factors 
 
The business performance of the Issuer and ability to meet the obligations under the Notes will be affected by 
the overall performance of the Slovak economy which as a member state of EU and Eurozone is highly 
interconnected to global economy of countries inside and outside of EU and global financial markets. Due to 
high dependency on international trade, consumer consumption in EU and global financial markets the 
unfavorable effects of worldwide inflation, geopolitical situation and conflict in Ukraine, high energy prices and 
rising interest rates as a result of recent monetary policy changes has an adverse effect on the Slovak economy 
that might affected the performance of the Issuer. Despite adverse effects in global markets Slovak economy 
continues to recover from impacts of Covid-19 pandemic and continues to grow by 1.4% in the 3Q 2022 on YoY 
level but in slower pace than pre-pandemic levels1. Current adverse development of high inflation including 
energy prices and increasing interest rates that are affecting corporate investments and individual consumption 
                                                     
1  
Report “Gross domestic product in the 3rd quarter of 2022”, available at: Gross domestic product in the 3rd quarter of 2022 (statistics.sk).

--- Page 7 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
5 
 
 
might imply further economy slowdown. The Institute of Financial Policy (IFP) at the Ministry of Finance 
assumes YoY slowdown to 0.6% in 2023 following recovery in 2024 at 1.7% and 2.3% at 20252.  
All macroeconomic expectations are put into significant uncertainty in light of high and persistent inflation 
reported at 14.2% by Statistic Office of the Slovak Republic3. High inflation is present also in whole EU, USA 
and other countries around the world caused by runoff effects of the Covid-19 pandemic and supply chain 
disruptions. Increasing energy prices, persistent conflict in Ukraine which has further negative effect on energy 
prices. Current inflation levels have negatively affected industry segment by increased costs of manufacturing 
inputs and services resulting in increasing operational costs which are partly transferred into consumer prices of 
goods and services. With persistent higher costs there are also a decrease in level of investments which is 
assumed to have negative effect of economic development. Households are negatively affected by high inflation 
mainly via consumer good as food, fuel, energy and service decreasing disposable income with only partly 
mitigated effect of increased wages.  
Fiscal policies of Slovak republic and other countries are partly mitigating the effects of high inflation by various 
compensation schemes and energy taxes. After strong fiscal stimulus during Covid-19 pandemic this creates 
additional pressure on budget deficits and elevated debt levels. This raises concerns of the ability to repay public 
debt in the future, increasing costs of public debt and future funding options. 
Along increasing inflation there is an effect of increasing interest rates used by central banks (including ECB) 
as part of restrictive monetary policy to get increased inflation to long term targets at 2%. During the year 2022 
we have seen rapid turnaround of accommodative and loose policies of central banks with negative interest rates 
and asset purchase programs into restrictive policies. ECB already increased its key policy rates by 250bp in 
2022 and announced decreasing of the asset purchase program portfolios. Current level of interest rates are still 
lagging behind the levels of inflation. It is assumed that interest rates will further increase above neutral rates of 
2% for several months before returning back into neutral rates. With decreasing asset purchase portfolios there 
is an expectations of increasing credit spreads of lower quality issuers which may put additional pressure on 
funding costs sovereign debt and market funding of the issuer.  
Banking sector is significantly impacted by macroeconomic changes including inflation and increasing interest 
rates. Increased inflation put pressure on operational costs and thus profitability. High interest rates might have 
significant impact on profitability and balance sheet development of commercial banks. Increasing interest rates 
together with increasing credit spreads will impact the funding costs of primary deposits and market funding 
including covered notes. Higher level of credit spreads might cause difficulties in refinancing current maturing 
debt and thus impact the performance of the issuer. Effect of increased interest rates is affecting also loans, 
increasing instalments and cost of funding of industry and household segment making financing less available 
for clients. The market is already experiencing slowdown of loans growth with risk of decrease which may affect 
loans in cover pool and will also imply decrease in monetary base and negatively affect deposit levels putting 
pressure on banks to rely on market funding. Such situation will develop further pressure on deposit and market 
funding pricing and increase already high competition.  
Another potential negative effect of increased interest rates and inflation are higher number of past due loans 
and NPLs. Interest rates for mortgage loans in Slovak market were very low for several years making loans 
widely affordable with low monthly instalments which will be increased as a result of increased interest rates.  
Clearly there is high level of uncertainty and risk of cumulative effect of above mentioned factors which might 
affect the performance of the issuer. Central bank policy with national and EU countries fiscal policies will have 
crucial role in future development of macroeconomic situation.  
 
. 
The Issuer may be indirectly adversely affected by the geopolitical situation and military conflict in Ukraine 
The Issuer is exposed to macroeconomic and political environment that might by influenced by the military 
conflict in Ukraine. The Issuer has no material direct exposure to Russia, Belarus or Ukraine. However, the 
Slovak economy might by indirectly affected by potential supply chains disruptions of natural gas, oil and other 
                                                     
2  
Report “Macroeconomic forecast september 2022”, available at: 61. zasadnutie výboru pre makroekonomické prognózy (september 2022) 
| Ministerstvo financií Slovenskej republiky (mfsr.sk). 
3  
Report “Inflation-consumer price indices in September 2022”, available at: Inflation – consumer price indices in September 2022 
(statistics.sk)

--- Page 8 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
6 
 
 
commodities imported from Russia. There is a risk of increased prices of commodities and fossil fuels driving 
inflation pressures that might influence macroeconomic environment and have an indirect impact on the Issuer. 
The European Union, the United Kingdom and the USA have imposed sanctions on Russia (while Crimea, 
Luhansk and Donetsk regions are already subject to sanctions), Belarus and certain individuals, banks and 
industries based in those countries. The sanctions and Russian countersanctions or other retaliatory measures, 
however, may also inflict indirect harm on the economy of Slovakia, the EU or specific companies. Although, 
the imposed sanctions have no direct impact on the Issuer as there are no material exposures to clients inflicted 
by sanctions. All these risks may negatively affect stability of the Slovak and European banking and capital 
markets, access to liquidity and risk appetite of investors and thus indirectly affect the Issuer.  
Market and client sector risk factors affecting the Issuer 
The Issuer may experience deterioration in credit quality, in particular as a result of financial crises or 
economic recessions or increased interest rates; The Issuer might suffer losses as a result of the actions of or 
deterioration in the commercial soundness of its borrowers and counterparties (credit risk/counterparty risk) 
Credit risk refers to the commercial soundness of a counterparty (e.g. borrower or another market participant 
contracting with the Issuer) and the potential financial loss that such market participant may cause to the Issuer 
if it could not meet its contractual obligations vis-à-vis the Issuer. In addition, the value of the provided security 
and the Issuer’s ability to satisfy itself from that security have an impact on the Issuer’s credit risk. 
The Issuer is and may continue to be exposed to the risk that its borrowers may not repay their loans according 
to their contractual terms, that the security or income stream securing the payment of these loans may be 
insufficient or that legislation may be adopted which will impose fixed exchange rates for loans in 
foreign currencies. 
The Issuer is exposed to the counterparty risk, particularly as regards its lending activities to retail and corporate 
customers. This exposes the Issuer to the risk of counterparty defaults, which have historically been higher during 
periods of economic downturn. 
Potential deterioration in the credit quality provided by the Issuer and increases in non-performing loans (NPLs) 
may result in increased risk costs for the Issuer. Its risk costs are based on, inter alia, its analysis of current and 
historical probabilities of default and loan management methods and the valuation of underlying assets and 
expected available income of clients, as well as other management assumptions. The Issuer’s analyses and 
assumptions may prove to be inadequate and may result in inaccurate predictions of credit performance. 
In the ordinary course of its business, the Issuer is exposed to a risk of non-performance by counterparties in the 
financial services industry. This risk can arise through trading, lending, deposit-taking, derivative business, repos 
and securities lending transactions, clearance and settlement and many other activities and relationships with 
institutional clients. 
Defaults by, or even concerns about potential defaults or a perceived lack of creditworthiness of, one or more 
financial institutions, or the financial industry generally, have led and could lead to significant market-wide 
liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other financial institutions as many financial institutions are inter-related 
due to trading, funding, clearing or other relationships. This risk is often referred to as “systemic risk” and it 
affects credit institutions and all different types of intermediaries in the financial services industry. In addition 
to its other adverse effects, the materialisation of systemic risk could lead to an imminent need for the Issuer and 
other credit institutions in the market to raise additional liquidity or capital while at the same time making it 
more difficult to do so. Systemic risk could therefore have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and prospects. 
The Issuer creates reserves for potential losses arising from default by a counterparty or credit risk. Should actual 
credit risk exceed current estimates on which the Issuer has based net allocations to provisioning, the Issuer’s 
loan loss reserves could be insufficient to cover losses. This would have a material adverse impact on the Issuer’s 
financial position and results of operations and could affect the Issuer’s ability to meet the obligations under the 
Bonds. 
The Issuer’s economic results are subject to credit conditions in the client sector 
Credit conditions in the client sector are dependent to a large extent on factors which are beyond the control of 
the Issuer. The deterioration of credit conditions across the client base or in particular segment, such as in the

--- Page 9 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
7 
 
 
consumer loans sector, could result in more debtors to be unable to repay their loans according to their contractual 
terms and consequently lead to an increase of the increase of NPLs. This effect may be caused also by a future 
increase in interest rates. These factors could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial situation and in 
serious cases, result in a reduced ability to perform the obligations under the Bonds. 
The Issuer’s liquidity and profitability would be significantly adversely affected should the Issuer be unable 
to access the capital markets, to raise deposits, to sell assets on favourable terms, or if there is a strong increase 
in its funding costs (liquidity risk) 
Liquidity risk is the risk of the Issuer to be unable to meet its current and future financial obligations in full 
and/or in time. This arises, e.g. if refinancing can only be obtained at unfavourable terms or is entirely impossible. 
Liquidity risk can take various forms. 
The Issuer, like many other Slovak banks, relies on client (mainly consumer) deposits, to meet a substantial 
portion of its funding requirements. The majority of deposits with the Issuer are retail deposits, a significant 
proportion of which are on-demand deposits. These deposits are subject to fluctuation due to factors beyond the 
Issuer’s control, and no assurances can be given by the Issuer that it will not experience a significant outflow of 
deposits within a short period of time. Since a significant portion of the Issuer’s funding comes from its deposit 
base, any material decrease in deposits could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s liquidity unless appropriate 
measures are taken, which may not be possible under economically advantageous terms and conditions, if at all. 
Also, the Issuer may be unable to meet their respective payment obligations on a particular day and may have to 
obtain liquidity from the market at short notice and on unfavourable terms, or even fail to obtain liquidity from 
the market and, at the same time, be unable to generate sufficient alternative liquidity through the disposing of 
its assets. Loss of customer trust in the business or performance of the Issuer could result in unexpectedly high 
levels of loss for the Issuer’s clients. Deposits could be withdrawn faster than the rate at which some of the 
Issuer’s borrowers repay their loans, and lending obligations could be terminated. The Issuer’s liquidity buffers 
may not be sufficient and results of the Issuer’s liquidity risk management models may lead to inadequate 
management measures. All of that might negatively affect the Issuer’s ability to meet the obligations under the 
Bonds. 
The Issuer is exposed to the risk of interest rates fluctuations and falling interest rate margins may have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer 
The Issuer is exposed to interest risks, since a further decline in interest rates, could have an adverse effect on 
the Issuer’s interest income and thereby reduce its ability to generate a growing profit. Interest rates are highly 
sensitive to many factors beyond the Issuer’s control, including inflation, monetary policies and domestic and 
international economic and political conditions. Decreasing interest rates often result in decreasing margins and 
consequently in decreasing net interest income unless compensated by an increase in customer loan volumes. 
The effects of changes in interest rates on the Issuer’s net interest income depend on the relative amounts of 
assets and liabilities that are affected by the change in interest rates. Reductions in interest rates and margins 
may not affect the Issuer’s refinancing costs to the same extent as they affect interest rates and margins on loans 
granted by the Issuer, because a credit institution’s ability to make a corresponding reduction in the interest rate 
and margin it pays to its lenders is limited, in particular when interest rates on deposits are already very low. 
Additionally, legal provisions may lead to restrictions on charging negative interest rates on deposit accounts 
and credit customers may be motivated due to low or negative interest rates to do a full repayment of their debts 
(e.g. loans with fixed interest rates) without any cost charging. As a result of the above, interest rate fluctuations 
and, in particular, decreasing interest rate margins could negatively affect the Issuer’s net interest income and 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability to meet the obligations under the Bonds. 
The Issuer is exposed to the risk of decline in the value of real estate used as collateral to cover the 
Issuer’s receivables 
Commercial and residential real estate prices have declined in the past reflecting economic uncertainty. 
Developers were forced to cease or delay the development of planned projects due to a lack of customers, or as 
a result of declining values of real estate used as security they were unable to obtain financing for the 
development of these projects. These circumstances resulted in a decline of residential and commercial real 
estate prices. The Issuer’s commercial and residential loan portfolios may suffer losses if property values decline 
in the future or, if as a result of deficiencies in the collateral management, the value of the security proves to be 
insufficient. The potential increasing unemployment rate could also lead to an increased number of non-
performing loans and losses arising from commercial and consumer loans unrelated to real estate. If these risks

--- Page 10 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
8 
 
 
were to materialise, it could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial position, results of activities 
and prospects. 
Abovementioned risk concerns generally the value of the real estate mortgages established in favour of the Issuer 
as a bank creditor to secure repayment of the loans extended by it.  
Potential decline of residential real estate prices may specifically affect value of the cover pool and the cover 
ratio of the Bonds. However, pursuant to the statutory requirements, the cover ratio cannot fall below 105% of 
the value of the covered liabilities (see also the risk factor “In exceptionally adverse Issuer’s bankruptcy situation 
the cover pool assets may not be sufficient to fully cover all liabilities under the Bonds”). 
The Issuer’s business, capital position and results of operations have been, and may continue to be, 
significantly adversely affected by market risks 
Market risk refers to the Issuer’s specific and general risk position on the asset or liability side in relation to 
positions in any Issuer’s transactions in bonds, equity, cash, derivative and other markets. Market risk is the risk 
that market prices of assets and liabilities or revenues of the Issuer will be adversely affected by changes in 
market conditions and includes, but is not limited to changes of interest rates, credit spreads of issuers of 
securities, foreign exchange rates, equity and debt price risks or market volatility. Changes in interest rate levels, 
yield curves, rates and spreads may affect the Issuer’s net interest income and margin. Changes in foreign 
exchange rates affect the market price of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies and may affect 
foreign exchange trading income. 
The performance of financial markets or financial conditions generally may cause changes in the market price 
of the Issuer’s investment and trading portfolios. The Issuer’s risk management systems for the market risks to 
which its portfolios are exposed contain measurement systems which may prove inadequate as it is difficult to 
predict changes in economic or market conditions with accuracy and to anticipate the effects that such changes 
could have on the Issuer’s financial performance and business operations, in particular in cases of extreme and 
unforeseeable events. In times of market stress or other unforeseen circumstances, such as the extreme market 
conditions experienced in 2008 and 2009, previously uncorrelated indicators may become correlated, or 
previously correlated indicators may move in different directions. These changes in correlation can be 
exacerbated where other market participants are using risk or trading models with assumptions or algorithms 
that are similar to the Issuer’s. In these and other cases, it may be difficult to reduce the Issuer’s risk positions 
due to the activity of other market participants or widespread market dislocations, including circumstances where 
asset values are significantly declining or no market exists for certain assets. 
To the extent that the Issuer makes investments directly in assets that do not have an established liquid trading 
market or are otherwise subject to restrictions on sale or hedging, the Issuer may not be able to reduce its 
positions and therefore reduce its risk associated with such positions. These types of market movements have at 
times limited the effectiveness of the Issuer’s hedging strategies and have caused the Issuer to incur significant 
losses, which may also happen in the future. 
The realisation of any market risk could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial situation and 
results of operations and could adversely affect the Issuer’ ability to meet the obligations under the Bonds. 
Risks factors associated with the Issuer’s financial situation and creditworthiness 
Any deterioration, suspension or withdrawal of the credit rating of the Issuer or the Slovak Republic could 
result in increased funding costs, may damage customer perception and may have other material adverse 
effects on the Issuer 
The Issuer has no public credit rating. However, it is expected that the Bonds issued under the Programme will 
be rated. One of the prerequisites and inputs for assigning a credit rating of the Bonds (in addition to the cover 
pool and terms of the Bonds) is also a private (internal) credit rating of the Issuer, which the Issuer obtained from 
the credit rating agency Moody’s. This credit rating, similarly to a standard public credit rating, constitutes an 
opinion of the credit rating agency Moody’s on the creditworthiness of the Issuer, i.e. an indicator of likelihood 
of a possible loss due to insolvency, delay in payments or incomplete payments to investors. 
A credit rating agency may downgrade, suspend or withdraw the private credit rating of the Issuer, in particular 
as a result of adverse macroeconomic developments or changes in the regulatory environment in the Slovak 
Republic, company-specific developments or changes in the credit rating agency’s underlying assumptions. 
Rating agencies also change or adjust their ratings methodologies from time to time. A credit rating may also be

--- Page 11 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
9 
 
 
suspended or withdrawn if the Issuer were to terminate the agreement with the relevant rating agency or to 
determine that it would not be in its interest to continue to provide financial data to the rating agency. A credit 
rating could also be adversely affected by the soundness or perceived soundness of other financial institutions in 
the Slovak Republic, region or Eurozone. 
As the credit rating of the Bonds also depends on the Issuer’s private credit rating, downgrading this credit rating 
may have a negative effect on the rating and consequently market price of the Bonds. Downgrading of the credit 
rating may lead to a restriction of access to funds, and consequently to higher refinancing costs. Since the Issuer 
is also to some extent dependent on the interbank market as a refinancing source, any funding rate increase 
caused by a downgrade, suspension or withdrawal of a credit rating by a rating agency may restrict its access to 
refinancing opportunities and may have a significant effect on the Issuer’s earnings. Furthermore, a rating 
downgrade or any negative publicity concerning its situation may cause reputational of consumer perceptions 
issues for the Issuer. Such issues could in turn reduce deposits and cause a disruption of the Issuer’s client base. 
Finally, also downgrading, suspension or withdrawal of the credit rating or publishing of negative information 
or prospects regarding the Slovak Republic as a sovereign country can also result in the increased costs or 
restrictions of the Issuer’s funding. 
The Issuer may not be able to meet the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) 
Under the BRRD, each institution must ensure that it always meets the MREL requirement. Such minimum 
requirement currently shall be determined by the resolution authority and shall be calculated as the amount of 
own funds and eligible liabilities expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the institution.  
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer has not been classified as systemically important institution. The 
scope, calculation and composition of the MREL are currently under review and current MREL requirement is 
below the required level of own fund as defined in Article 92 (1) of CRR and in Article 104 (1(a)) of CRD IV. 
There is a risk that in the future, the Issuer may not be able to meet the MREL requirement which could result 
in higher refinancing costs, regulatory measures and, if resolution measures were imposed on the Issuer, could 
significantly affect its business operations, could lead to losses for its creditors (including the Holders of the 
Bonds) and could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability to make payments on the Bonds. 
Adjustments to the business profile of the Issuer may lead to changes in its profitability 
Adjustments of the business profile to meet increasing capital requirements, MREL requirements or other 
regulatory or business needs may include the attempt to sell assets including parts of the loan portfolio of the 
Issuer. There is a risk that the Issuer may not identify suitable opportunities for disposals in the future or the 
Issuer will not be able to complete such disposals on favourable terms or at all. Such disposals may prove difficult 
in the market environment as many of the Issuer’s competitors may also seek to dispose of assets. This may have 
a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s profitability and its ability to meet the obligations under the Bonds. 
In the future, the Issuer may grow by a way of an acquisition or a merger, which may result in an unsuccessful 
integration, failing to realise the expected synergies, growth opportunities and other expected benefits or 
related unexpected costs 
Despite the fact that the Issuer has no knowledge of any contemplated acquisition or merger as the date of this 
Prospectus, it or its shareholders may in the future undertake some acquisitions or mergers, as has already 
happened in the past. Any future acquisitions or mergers could present a number of additional risks, including 
problems with effective business integration, inability to maintain pre-acquisition key business relationships, 
increased costs, exposure to unexpected liabilities and difficulties in implementing planned efficiency boosts, 
synergies and cost savings, each of which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial position, 
cash flows and the ability to make payments under the Bonds. The Issuer may be, due to these acquisitions or 
mergers, exposed to new risks or to greater risks than those currently facing. It is possible that the Issuer will not 
be able to manage these risks. Any occurrence of these risks could adversely affect the Issuer’s financial position, 
cash flows and the ability to make payments on the Bonds. 
Risks factors associated with the Issuer’s position in the Slovak banking market 
Competition on the Slovak banking market 
The Issuer faces competition from other banking entities offering similar services as the Issuer. If the Issuer fails 
to succeed in this competition, the results of its activities may be adversely affected. The Issuer faces strong 
competition in Slovakia from major Slovak banks owned by international groups and several local players. As a

--- Page 12 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
10 
 
 
result of this competition, in particular in the retail segment and the current low interest rate environment, net 
interest margins have historically been very low. Failure to maintain net interest margins at current levels may 
have a significant negative impact on the Issuer’s financial condition and results of operations. 
Issuer’s ability to compete effectively will depend on the ability of its businesses to adapt quickly to market and 
industry trends. If the Issuer fails to compete effectively, or if governmental action in response to financial crises 
or economic downturns results in it being placed at a competitive disadvantage, the Issuer’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
The Issuer is privately owned bank that is not part of a major banking group 
The Issuer is not a part of any major international banking group. The Issuer is almost wholly owned by Penta 
Investments Group, regional private equity group ultimately held and controlled by several natural persons. The 
Issuer is a local Slovak bank without significant cross-border or wider Eurozone activities and its resolution 
regime thus will most likely not be treated as systemic issue at the European level. However effective as of 01 
January 2023, the Issuer has been identified by the national regulator as Other Systemically Important Institution 
(O-SII). This means that the Issuer may not be able to rely on funding or other support from its shareholders or 
wider group or may be treated as less important by relevant authorities in case of deterioration of its financial 
conditions or any crisis situation affecting the Issuer. This may place the Issuer at a competitive disadvantage in 
such situations compared with other Slovak banking institutions which belong to major financial groups. 
The fact that the Issuer is privately held may expose the Issuer to changes in the shareholders strategy that are 
potentially more volatile or subject to other considerations compared with strategy decisions made within major 
banking groups.  
The Issuer’s growth may be limited by the growth of the banking market 
The Issuer is one of the smaller banks on the Slovak banking market, being the fifth largest in terms of total 
assets as at 30 June 2022. Its business model is to significant extent based on its ability to sustain further growth. 
With regard to the financial and economic crisis that have hit individual Eurozone states, should the market 
conditions not develop favourably for the Issuer, it may lead to the slower or suspended growth of the Issuer and 
the deterioration in its economic results. 
Legal and regulatory risk factors associated with the Issuer 
New regulatory requirements and changes in particular regarding sufficient capitalisation and debt ratios 
could lead to increased capital requirements and reduced profitability of the Issuer 
In response to the global financial crisis and the European sovereign debt crisis, a number of initiatives relating 
to the regulatory requirements applicable to European credit institutions, including the Issuer, have been (and 
are currently being) implemented, adopted, or developed. These include the following: 
(a) 
EU Banking Reform Package of the European Commission and the European Council 
On 20 May 2019, the European Commission adopted the EU Banking Reform Package consisting of 
revised the CRD IV and the CRR as well as of the BRRD. The reforms build on existing EU banking 
rules and aims to complete the regulatory agenda of the European Commission after the end of the 
global financial crisis and the Eurozone debt crisis. The EU Banking Reform Package contains the 
following key elements: (i) more risk-sensitive capital requirements, in particular in the area of market 
risk, counterparty credit risk, and for exposures to central counterparties; (ii) a binding leverage ratio to 
prevent institutions from excessive leverage; (iii) a binding net stable funding ratio to address the 
excessive reliance on short-term wholesale funding and to reduce long-term funding risk; and (iv) the 
total loss absorbing capacity (the TLAC) requirement for global systemically important banks and other 
credit institutions. The insolvency ranking of unsecured debt instruments was also amended to facilitate 
credit institutions’ issuance of such loss absorbing debt instruments. 
(b) 
bank recovery and resolution legislation 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Bank Recovery 
and Resolution Directive) (the BRRD) should also contribute to the stability of the banking sector. The 
stress tests by the ECB, first conducted in 2014, and the European Banking Authority also have a 
significant effect on the banking sector. BRRD was implemented in the Slovak Republic by Act No.

--- Page 13 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
11 
 
 
371/2014 Coll. on the resolution of crisis situations on the financial market, as amended (the Resolution 
Act). This act provides a framework for the recovery and resolution of the credit institutions’ crisis 
situations and, inter alia, requires the institutions to prepare “recovery plans” setting out certain 
agreements and measures that can be used in the event of a substantial deterioration in the financial 
institution’s position to restore its viability from a long-term perspective. Moreover, the institutions 
must always meet the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL). The Issuer 
is not subject to the single resolution mechanism (the SRM). 
(c) 
MREL 
In order to ensure the effectiveness of bail-in and other tools for resolution of crisis situation introduced 
by the BRRD, the banking regulation requires that all institutions must meet an individual Minimum 
Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) to be calculated as a percentage of total 
liabilities and own funds and to be set by the relevant resolution authorities.  
The package of measures related to the European banking reform also includes Directive (EU) 2019/879 
on the revision of the BRRD Directive (BRRD2), which has been implemented into the Slovak 
Resolution Act with effect from 28 December 2020. BRRD2 introduces full implementation of the 
TLAC standard and revises the MREL regime. Other changes to the MREL framework include changes 
to the MREL calculation methodology, the criteria for eligible liabilities that can be considered as 
MREL, the introduction of internal MREL and other reporting and disclosure requirements for 
institutions. A transitional period for full compliance with the MREL requirements is expected until 
1 January 2024.  
[Current MREL requirement is below the required level of own fund as defined in Article 92 (1) of 
CRR and in Article 104 (1(a)) of CRD IV.] It is possible that the Issuer will have to issue additional 
eligible liabilities to meet additional requirements that will qualify for the MREL. 
Stricter and/or new regulatory requirements may be adopted in the future, and the existing regulatory 
environment continues to evolve. Any such regulatory development could result in requirements for increasing 
the Issuer’s capital which may increase the Issuer’s financial costs and could have an effect on the Issuer’s 
profitability. In addition, regulatory developments may expose the Issuer to additional costs and liabilities which 
may require the Issuer to change its business strategy or otherwise have a negative impact on its business, the 
offered products and services as well as the value of its assets. If the Issuer is unable to increase its capital ratios 
sufficiently and/or comply with other regulatory requirements, its credit ratings may drop and its cost of funding 
may increase, and/or the competent authorities may impose fines, penalties or other regulatory measures. The 
occurrence of all such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial 
condition and results of its operations. 
Risk of changes in the tax framework, in particular regarding the introduction of a financial transaction tax 
The future development of the Issuer’s assets, financial and profit position, inter alia, depends on the tax 
framework. Every future change in legislation, case law and the administrative procedures and practice of tax 
authorities and other relevant public authorities may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s assets, financial and 
profit position. 
There is still a proposal for a financial transaction tax within the European Union (the FTT). After adoption of 
the FTT, financial transactions related to derivative contracts shall be taxed at a minimum rate of 0.01% of the 
principal amount referred to in the derivative contract. All other financial transactions (e.g. the purchase and sale 
of shares, bonds and similar securities, money market instruments or units in collective investment undertakings) 
shall be taxed at a minimum rate of 0.1%, while the taxable amount will be everything which constitutes a 
consideration paid or owed from the counterparty or a third party in connection with this transaction. The planned 
deadline for the FTT introduction has been postponed several times in the past, and it is currently not clear either 
whether the FTT will be introduced in the proposed form, or at all. However, if the FTT were introduced, due to 
higher costs, it would have a negative impact on the financial position and profit of the Issuer. 
Changes in consumer protection laws and the application or interpretation of such laws might limit the fees 
and other pricing terms and conditions that the Issuer may charge for certain banking services and might 
also allow customers to claim back some of those fees already paid in the past 
Changes in consumer protection laws or the interpretation of consumer protection laws by courts or 
governmental authorities could limit the fees that the Issuer may charge for the provision of some of its products

--- Page 14 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
12 
 
 
and services and thereby result in lower commission income. Moreover, as new laws and amendments to existing 
laws are adopted, these laws may be interpreted inconsistently or applied or changed or interpreted in a manner 
that is more restrictive. The Issuer has been a party to a number of civil and regulatory proceedings initiated by 
customers, administrative authorities or consumer protection agencies and associations. The legal proceedings 
mainly relate to allegations that certain contractual provisions, particularly in respect of consumer loans, violate 
mandatory consumer protection laws and regulations. These allegations relate to the enforceability of certain 
fees as well as contractual provisions for the adjustment of interest and currency exchange rates. Moreover, any 
such changes in consumer protection laws or the interpretation of such laws by courts or governmental authorities 
could impair the Issuer’s ability to offer certain products and services or to enforce certain contractual provisions 
and reduce the Issuer’s net commission income and have an adverse effect on the results of its operations. 
Compliance with anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing regulations involves significant costs 
and efforts and non-compliance with them may have severe legal and reputational consequences 
The Issuer is the obliged person pursuant to applicable legal regulations regarding anti-money laundering and 
anti-terrorism financing (the AML). Legal regulations regarding AML issues have been tightened in recent years 
in particular as a result of the implementation of the Fifth Anti-Money Laundering Directive, Directive (EU) 
2018/843 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 May 2018 amending Directive (EU) 2015/849 on 
the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purposes of money laundering or terrorist financing. 
Monitoring compliance with AML rules can result in a significant financial burden on banks and other financial 
institutions and can pose significant technical problems. Despite the implementation of any applicable legal 
regulations regarding the AML, the Issuer cannot guarantee that it is in compliance with all applicable AML 
rules at all times and that the AML policy and standards are being consistently applied by its employees in all 
circumstances. Any violation of the AML rules or even alleged violations of these rules may have severe legal, 
monetary and reputational consequences and could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, 
financial position and results of activities. 
Litigation risk 
Despite the fact that the Issuer is not aware that it may be a party to any administrative, legal or arbitration 
proceedings that may have or recently have had a significant effect on its financial position or profitability, it is 
possible that in the future it could become a party to litigation or proceedings that may have an adverse effect on 
its economic results. 
Evolving legislation and tax rules can have a material adverse effect on the Issuer 
The legal order of the Slovak Republic is subject to significant changes. In many cases, the interpretation and 
laws are changing continuously, which may result in existing laws and regulations being applied inconsistently 
or arbitrary and new laws being introduced. 
The legal infrastructure and the law enforcement system in the Slovak Republic are less developed compared to 
those in some Western European countries. In some circumstances, it may not be possible to obtain legal 
remedies to enforce contractual or other rights in a timely manner or at all. The lack of legal certainty or the 
inability to obtain effective legal remedies in a timely manner or at all may have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s business, results of activities or financial position. Investors should also be aware that in the Slovak 
Republic, there are fewer judges who specialise in complex matters such as investments in securities compared 
to the number of judges in Western European countries. Therefore, disputes brought before the Slovak courts 
may be subject to delays and may not be conducted in a manner similar to more developed legal systems and 
may, as a result, lead to delays in proceedings or losses on investments. 
The Issuer is subject to complex tax regulations that in some cases have only been in effect for a short period of 
time, are frequently amended and differently enforced. Furthermore, the inefficient collection of taxes may result 
in new taxes being continuously introduced in an attempt to increase tax revenues. Therefore, there is a risk that 
the Issuer may be subject to arbitrary and onerous taxation. Moreover, in a number of cases, the introduction of 
legal or tax measures is based on political or protectionist reasons and directed primarily against financial 
institutions.  
The risks related to the development and application of the legal and tax systems may have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s financial situation and results of operations, and may affect its ability to meet the obligations 
under the Bonds.

--- Page 15 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
13 
 
 
Risk factors associated with the Issuer’s operations and internal controls 
The Issuer is exposed to operational risks in relation to its banking activities 
The Issuer is also exposed to operational risks, such as the risk of a loss resulting from the failure or inadequacy 
of internal processes or systems or from external events. The Issuer is exposed to, inter alia, the risk of fraud by 
employees or third parties, including the risk of unauthorised transactions and operational errors, administrative 
errors and errors regarding data storage and errors resulting from the failure of information technology or 
telecommunications systems. Considering the high volume of transactions performed by the Issuer, misuse or 
errors may occur or be repeated before they are discovered or rectified. Any inadequacy of the Issuer’s internal 
processes or systems in detecting or containing such risks may result in unauthorised transactions or errors which 
may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial position, results of activities and prospects. 
The Issuer’s risk management strategies and internal control procedures may expose it to unidentified or 
unanticipated risks 
The Issuer’s risk management techniques and strategies have not and may not be fully effective in mitigating the 
Issuer’s risk exposures in all economic market conditions and environments or against all types of risks, 
including risks that it fails to identify or anticipate. Furthermore, regulatory audits or other regular reviews of 
the risk management procedures and methods have and may reveal weaknesses or deficiencies in the Issuer’s 
risk management systems. Some of the Issuer’s quantitative tools and metrics for risk management are based on 
its use of observed historical market behaviour. The Issuer applies statistical and other tools to these observations 
to arrive at quantifications of risk exposures. During the recent financial crisis, the financial markets experienced 
unprecedented levels of volatility (rapid changes in prices) and the disruption of historically observed 
correlations (the extent to which prices move in tandem) across asset classes due to extremely limited liquidity. 
In this volatile market environment, the Issuer’s risk management tools and metrics failed to predict some of the 
losses it experienced and under similar conditions of market disruption may fail to predict future important risk 
exposures. In addition, the Issuer’s quantitative modelling does not take all risks into account and is based on 
numerous assumptions regarding the overall environment, which may or may not prove to be correct. As a result, 
risk exposures have arisen and could continue to arise from factors not anticipated or incorrectly evaluated in 
the Issuer’s statistical models.  
This has limited and could continue to limit the Issuer’s ability to manage its risks in light of the ongoing 
sovereign debt crisis in several European countries, the outcomes of which are currently unforeseeable. If such 
circumstances arise that the Issuer did not identify, anticipate or correctly evaluate in developing its statistical 
models, its losses could be higher than the maximum losses envisaged under its risk management systems. 
Furthermore, the quantifications do not take all risks or market conditions into account. If the measures used to 
assess and mitigate risks prove insufficient, the Issuer may experience material unanticipated losses, which could 
have a material adverse effect on its business, financial position and results of activities. 
Any failure of the Issuer’s information systems, interruption of their activities or security and any failure to 
update such systems may result in lost business and other losses 
The Issuer heavily relies on information systems when conducting its business activities. Any failure or 
interruption of their operation or breach in the security of these systems could result in failures or interruptions 
in its risk management, general ledger, deposit management or loan origination systems. If the Issuer’s 
information systems, including its back-up systems, were to fail, even for a short period of time, its plans for 
resumption and continuation of activities prove ineffective, it could be unable to satisfy some customers’ needs 
on a timely basis and could thus lose them. 
Likewise, a temporary shutdown of the Issuer’s information systems could result in costs that are required for 
information retrieval and verification. There can be no assurances that such failures or interruptions will not 
occur or that the Issuer can adequately address them if they do occur. 
In light of the above, the occurrence of such failures or interruptions could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s business, financial position, results of activities and prospects. In addition, there can be no assurances 
that the rollout or implementation of any new systems or processes will provide the desired benefit to the Issuer’s 
business, or will not involve failures or business interruptions that could have a material adverse effect on its 
business, financial position, results of activities and prospects. To a limited extent, the Issuer has outsourced 
certain IT services to external service providers and may in the future expand the scope of outsourcing 
arrangements in order to optimise its cost structure and increase flexibility. The unsatisfactory quality of the

--- Page 16 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
14 
 
 
external providers’ services could increase or exacerbate risks associated with the failure or interruption of its 
information systems and result in additional operational deficiencies or reputational risk. 
The Issuer may have difficulty recruiting or retaining qualified employees 
The Issuer’s existing activities and competitiveness on the Slovak market depend on its ability to retain existing 
employees and to identify and recruit additional individuals who are not only familiar with the local market 
conditions, but also have the necessary qualifications and level of experience in banking. On the Slovak market, 
on which the Issuer operates, the pool of individuals with the required set of skills is smaller than in most Western 
European countries. Increasing competition for qualified employees from other financial institutions may also 
make it more difficult for the Issuer to attract and retain qualified employees and may lead to rising labour costs 
in the future. 
Moreover, caps or other restrictions under applicable banking regulations are imposed (or may be tightened in 
the future) on salaries or bonuses paid to certain employees of the Issuer. These regulatory restrictions may limit 
the Issuer’s ability to hire and retain high-quality employees and could result in losses of qualified employees. 
If the Issuer is unable to attract and retain new talented employees or if competition for qualified employees 
increases its labour costs, this could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial position and results 
of activities.

--- Page 17 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
15 
 
 
2.2 
Risk factors associated with the Bonds 
Risk factors which could be material for the Bonds and the assessment of market risks related thereto are 
provided below. No assurances can be given that in addition to the risk factors described below no other facts 
exist which could have an effect on the Bonds and related risks. 
Risk factors associated with the Bonds have been classified into the following categories: 
(i) 
Risk factors related to the Slovak legal framework for the covered bonds applicable to the Bonds; 
(ii) 
Risk factors related to the provisions and limitations in the terms and conditions of the Bonds; 
(iii) 
Risk factors related to the interest payment provisions of the Bonds; 
(iv) 
Legal and regulatory risk factors; and 
(v) 
Risk factors related to purchasing and trading with the Bonds. 
Risk factors related to the Slovak legal framework for the covered bonds applicable to the Bonds 
In exceptionally adverse Issuer’s bankruptcy situation the cover pool assets may not be sufficient to fully 
cover all liabilities under the Bonds 
The cover pool (in Slovak: krycí súbor) covering the liabilities of the Issuer under the Bonds will consist 
primarily of mortgage loans secured by way of a legally perfected first ranking mortgage in favour of the Issuer 
over the mortgaged property and certain substitute assets, such as cash and securities. All assets included in the 
cover pool must comply with the applicable requirements or criteria set out in the Act on Banks. In particular, 
for an individual mortgage loan eligible to be included in the cover pool must comply with the applicable 
requirements including, amongst other things, the loan-to-value limit under which the outstanding amount of 
principal under the loan may not exceed 80% of the value of mortgaged property, subject to limited exemptions. 
Also, the Issuer is required to perform regular testing of the value of the mortgaged properties and the total value 
of the cover pool assets must at all times be at least 105% of the value of all covered liabilities (or such higher 
value as may be set out in the terms and conditions of the Bonds), whereby according to the legislation, the Issuer 
must calculate this cover ratio on the last day of each relevant month. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, all the mortgaged property is located in the Slovak Republic. The value of the 
mortgaged property as well as the value of the mortgage loans included in the cover pool may reduce over time, 
in particular, in the event of a general downturn in the value of properties located in the Slovak Republic. In such 
cases, despite the relevant statutory safeguards and regulatory requirements under Section 67 et seq. of the Act 
on Banks, the value of the mortgage loans may become insufficient to provide full cover for the issued and 
outstanding Bonds. While the Issuer is solvent and operating its business, it will be obliged to include additional 
eligible assets in the cover pool in order to maintain the required cover ratio. In the case of bankruptcy, 
involuntary administration or similar situations when the Issuer’s ability to generate additional eligible assets 
will be limited, the value of the cover pool assets may decrease below the required levels so that it may not be 
sufficient to fully cover all covered liabilities including those under the Bonds. 
Finally, any substantial overall downturn in the value of real properties in the Slovak Republic could adversely 
affect the Issuer’s results of operations, financial condition and business prospects and its ability to perform the 
obligations under the Bonds and the value of the cover pool. 
Risk of extension of final maturity of the Bonds and risk of change of the issuer of the Bonds 
In the event of bankruptcy or involuntary administration of the Issuer, the bankruptcy trustee or the involuntary 
administrator (each a trustee) of the Issuer will take over the operation of the programme of the covered bonds 
and of the cover pool (the programme, as defined in the Act on Banks and not to be confused with the 
Programme under this Prospectus). The programme of covered bonds (as defined in the Act on Banks) includes 
generally all assets of the cover pool as well as all obligations under the Bonds, mortgage bonds issued by the 
Issuer in the past, any other covered bonds issued by the Issuer and other covered liabilities, such as hedging 
derivatives (if any) and related administrative contracts and functions. The trustee will be obliged to evaluate 
whether the operation of the covered bonds programme does not cause the overall decrease of rate of satisfaction 
of the Holders of the Bonds. If the trustee reaches the conclusion that the operation of the programme may result 
in decrease of satisfaction of the Holders of the Bonds, it will have the obligation to notify the NBS of its intention 
to transfer the programme or its parts to another bank or several banks in the Slovak Republic and to attempt 
such transfer. As a result of the notification, the final maturity of the Bonds would be adjusted in accordance

--- Page 18 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
16 
 
 
with Section 82 (3) and (4) of the Act on Banks (so-called “soft bullet extension”) as follows: (i) during the first 
month from delivery of the transfer notification to the NBS, the maturity dates would not be adjusted, (ii) from 
the first day of the second month until the last day of the 12th month from delivery of the transfer proposal to 
the NBS, any final maturity date for principal amount payment under any Bonds falling into that period would 
be postponed by 12 months, and (iii) if the administrator requires a prolongation of the transfer period, any final 
maturity date for principal amount payment under the Bonds in the period of subsequent 12 months would be 
prolonged by a another 12 months. The same applies to final maturity dates already extended during the first 
prolongation period. The payments of yields and other conditions of the Bonds would not be affected, but the 
Holders will not receive any other compensation and will not have any remedies in respect of the extended 
maturity of the Bonds. 
The soft bullet extension of the final maturities will be effective from the date of delivery of the programme 
transfer notification by the trustee to the NBS and will not be subject to any further approval or consent of the 
NBS. In the event no transfer is effected, the postponed maturities for principal amount payments would occur 
on the last day of the prolongation period. 
It should be noted that the extension of the final maturities will not apply to maturities of the mortgage bonds 
issued before 1 January 2018. If the maturity date for any issue of mortgage bonds occurs during the transfer 
period, the trustee will have to pay the principal amount to the holders of the mortgage bonds under their original 
terms. 
The transfer of the programme itself will be subject to prior approval of the NBS. If such a transfer is effected, 
the identity of the Issuer of the Bonds will change to the transferee bank, i.e. another bank in the Slovak Republic 
will become an obligor under the Bonds. This does not have an effect on the terms of the Bonds themselves, but 
the creditworthiness of the new issuer might be different from the creditworthiness of the Issuer. 
In accordance with Section 55(10) of the Act on Banks and Section 195a (7) of the Bankruptcy Act, the consent 
of the Holders is not required in bankruptcy and involuntary administration scenarios in order for the transfer of 
the programme or its part to be valid and become effective. 
The Holders are exposed to the risk that in the event of the Issuer’s bankruptcy, deposits will be satisfied 
before their residual uncovered receivables in respect of the Bonds are paid 
Pursuant to Section 180a of the Bankruptcy Act, as amended on 15 November 2016, which transposed 
Article 108 of the BRRD into Slovak law, in the event of the Issuer’s bankruptcy, the proceeds of the liquidation 
of the assets forming the general bankruptcy estate that will be primarily used to compensate the creditors of 
receivables from protected deposits will be satisfied in the following order: 
(a) 
receivables of the Deposit Protection Fund within the scope of compensation paid to depositors pursuant 
to Section 11(1) of Act No. 118/1996 Coll. on Protection of Deposits, as amended (the Deposit 
Protection Act) or within the scope of the funds provided to resolve the crisis situation pursuant to 
Section 13(4)(g) of the Deposit Protection Act; and 
(b) 
receivables from protected deposits of individuals, micro-enterprises, small and medium-sized 
enterprises, which exceed the level of cover under Section 11(4) of the Deposit Protection Act. 
Abovementioned risk concerns all creditors of unsecured receivables as well as parts of receivables that haven’t 
been fully compensated from available collateral. Therefore, the Holders of the Bonds should be aware that in 
the event of the Issuer’s bankruptcy and to the extent the covered bonds programme will not be transferred and 
the claims of the Holders will be compensated from the proceeds of the sale of the cover pool only in part, their 
residual receivables from the Bonds will be subordinated to the abovementioned receivables from protected 
deposits. 
Risk factors related to the provisions and limitations in the terms and conditions of the Bonds 
No early maturity in the event of non-fulfilment of the Issuer’s obligations, no joint representative 
Pursuant to the terms of the Bonds and in line with the prevailing market practice for debt issuances by Slovak 
credit institutions in domestic Slovak market, a default on Issuer’s obligations under the Bonds will not cause 
the early maturity (acceleration) of Issuer’s obligations owed to the Holders of the Bonds or the right of the 
Holders of the Bonds to claim early redemption of the Bonds. In the case of a payment default by the Issuer, the 
Holders of the Bonds will have a right to sue the Issuer for payment and they will also have the right to separate 
satisfaction in respect of the assets in the cover pool in potential execution proceedings. However, the Holder

--- Page 19 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
17 
 
 
will not have the right to demand early redemption of the full principal amount. A default by the Issuer may 
trigger convening of the meeting of the Holders of the Bonds, but there is no common representative of the 
Holders of the Bonds and each Holder will generally have to enforce its rights against the Issuer individually. 
Absence of independent calculation agent and paying agent, risk of a potential conflict of interest 
With regard to the Bonds, the Issuer may act in different capacities, such as a calculation and paying agent 
(administrator) that enables the Issuer to make calculations in respect of the Bonds (e.g. the calculation of the 
amount of yield to be paid) which are binding for the Holders. Unless an administrator is appointed, all 
calculations and payments to the Holders will normally be performed by the Issuer. Therefore, there will not be 
any independent calculation agent or payment administrator normally responsible for these tasks. Therefore, 
potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Issuer and Holders (in particular where the Issuer acts as a 
calculation agent), in particular with respect to certain determinations and judgements that the Issuer may make 
under the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds that may influence amounts receivable by the Holders under the 
Terms and Conditions of the Bonds. This is in line with prevailing market practice for debt issuances by Slovak 
credit institutions in the domestic Slovak market and the Issuer has taken steps to prevent potential conflicts of 
interests in accordance with the applicable law. However, investors should be aware that they cannot rely on any 
impartial agents – third parties – if an administrator (agent) is not appointed. This fact may affect the value of 
the Bonds. 
The Holders are exposed to the risk that the Issuer is not limited in issuing additional debt securities or 
creating additional liabilities 
The Issuer is not limited to the amount of debt it may issue that may arise or which it can secure. Moreover, the 
Issuer is not obliged to inform the Holders about the issue, creation or securing of a further debt. The issue, 
creation, or guarantee of a further debt may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Bonds and the 
Issuer’s ability to meet all its obligations arising from the issued Bonds and may reduce the amount that the 
Holders would be able to obtain in the event of the Issuer’s bankruptcy. If the Issuer’s financial situation 
deteriorated, the Holders could suffer direct and materially negative consequences, including interruption in 
interest income or a reduction in the principal amount of the Bonds and, in the event of liquidation of the Issuer, 
loss of the whole investment. All these facts could have a negative impact on the Holders. 
Indicated Aggregate Amount of the Issue of the Bonds is not binding 
The Aggregate Amount of the Issue of the Bonds indicated in the relevant Final Terms represents the maximum 
Aggregate Amount of the Issue of such Bonds. However, the actual aggregate principal amount of the Bonds 
issued in this manner may be lower than the indicated Aggregate Amount of the Issue and may vary during the 
life of the Bonds issued in this manner, depending, in particular, on the demand for such Bonds and repurchases 
by the Issuer. Therefore, no conclusion may be drawn from the indicated Aggregate Amount of the Issue of such 
Bonds with regard to their liquidity on the secondary market. 
Risk factors related to the interest payment provisions of the Bonds 
Risk of the Bonds with a fixed interest rate 
Holders of these Bonds are exposed to the risk that the price of these Bonds will fall as a result of interest rate 
changes. While the nominal interest rate of the Bonds is fixed during the life of the Bonds, the actual interest 
rate on the capital market (for the purpose of this paragraph, the market interest rate) is subject to change. The 
change of the market interest rate also means the change of value of the Bonds with a fixed interest rate, but in 
the opposite direction. Thus, if the market interest rate increases, the value of the Bonds with a fixed interest rate 
usually drops to the level in which the interest on such Note is approximately equal to the market interest rate. 
If, on the contrary, the market interest rate decreases, the value of the Bonds with the fixed interest rate usually 
increases to the level in which the interest on such Note is approximately equal to the market interest rate. 
Risk of the Bonds with a zero coupon 
The Holders of these Bonds are exposed to the risk that the price of such Bonds will fall as a result of changes 
in the interest rates, while the prices of these Bonds are more volatile than prices of the Bonds with a fixed 
interest rate and are likely to respond to a greater degree to market interest rate changes than interest bearing 
Bonds with a similar maturity.

--- Page 20 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
18 
 
 
Risk of financial benchmark and reference rate continuity with regard to the floating rate Bonds 
The Bonds with a floating interest rate are usually volatile investments. The Holder of the Bonds with a floating 
interest rate is exposed to the risk of interest rate fluctuations and uncertain interest income. As a result of interest 
rate fluctuations, it is not possible to determine in advance the yield on the Bonds with a floating interest rate. If 
the Bonds with a floating interest rate are structured so as to include so-called “caps” (i.e. the maximum interest 
rate), the so-called “floors” (i.e. the minimum interest rate), or any combination thereof or other similar related 
elements, their market price may change more than the market price of the Bonds with a floating interest rate 
that do not include those elements. The effect of the “cap” is that the amount of interest never rises above and 
does not exceed a predefined threshold, so the Holder will not be able to benefit from any current advantageous 
development above the specified threshold. For this reason, the yield may be significantly lower than on the 
similar Bonds with a floating interest rate without the “cap”.  
Interest on the Bonds with a floating rate of interest will be calculated by reference to one or several specific 
benchmark indices or swap rates; the reference rate will be provided by a relevant administrator. The EURIBOR 
(Euro Interbank Offered Rate) and other interest rate indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject 
of regulatory supervision and recent national and international regulatory recommendations and proposals for 
reform (such indices jointly the Benchmarks). Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still 
to be implemented. These reforms may cause such Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or stop 
to be used, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Bonds linked to such a Benchmark. 
In May 2016, the Council of the European Union adopted the Benchmarking Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
No. 2016/1011). The Benchmark Regulation entered into force on 30 June 2016. Subject to various transitional 
provisions, the Benchmark Regulation applies from 1 January 2018, except that the regime for “critical” 
Benchmarks applies from 30 June 2016. According to the Benchmark Regulation, a Benchmark may only be 
used if its administrator obtains authorisation or is registered or in the case of an administrator which is based in 
a non-EU jurisdiction, if the administrator’s legal benchmark system is considered equivalent (Article 30 of the 
Benchmark Regulation), the administrator is recognised (Article 32 of the Benchmark Regulation) or the 
Benchmark is endorsed (Article 33 of the Benchmark Regulation) (subject to applicable transitional provisions). 
The Benchmark Regulation prohibits the use of unauthorised administrators’ Benchmarks. The scope of the 
Benchmark Regulation is wide and, in addition to so-called “critical Benchmark indices” such as EURIBOR, it 
applies to many other interest rate indices. 
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on Bonds linked to a Benchmark, including any of the 
following circumstances:  
(a) 
a rate or an index which is a Benchmark could not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain 
authorisation or is based in a non-EU jurisdiction which (subject to applicable transitional provisions) 
does not satisfy the equivalence conditions, is not recognised pending such a decision and is not 
endorsed for such purpose. In any such event, depending on the particular Benchmark and the applicable 
terms of the Bonds, the Bonds could be de-listed, adjusted, redeemed prior to maturity or otherwise 
impacted;  
(b) 
the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark could be changed in order to comply with the terms 
of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate 
or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level; and  
(c) 
fall-back provisions will apply in case a Benchmark used as a reference for calculation of amounts 
payable under the Bonds issued under the Programme has ceased to be calculated or administered. The 
application of these fall-back provisions means the determination of the rate by the Issuer. 
In addition to the aforementioned Benchmark Regulation, there are numerous other proposals, initiatives and 
investigations which may impact Benchmarks. 
Any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory supervision 
of Benchmarks could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or create certain Benchmarks, trigger changes in 
the rules or methodologies used in certain Benchmarks or lead to the disappearance of certain Benchmarks.

--- Page 21 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
19 
 
 
Benchmarks could also be discontinued entirely. If the Benchmark is discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the 
interest rate for the Bonds with a floating interest rate linked to such a Benchmark will be determined by the 
Issuer for the relevant period. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any such Bonds.  
Although it is uncertain whether or to what extent any of the above-mentioned changes and/or any further 
changes in the administration or method of determining a Benchmark could have an effect on the value of any 
Bonds linked to the relevant Benchmark, investors should be aware that any changes to a relevant Benchmark 
may have a material adverse effect on the value of any Bonds linked to such Benchmark. 
Legal and regulatory risk factors 
The Bonds are not covered by any (statutory or voluntary) protection scheme 
The Bonds are not covered by any statutory or protection scheme. In addition, no voluntary deposit guarantee 
scheme exists for the Bonds. In the event of the insolvency of the Issuer, investors in the Bonds therefore cannot 
rely on any (statutory or voluntary) protection scheme to compensate them for the loss of capital invested in the 
Bonds and might lose their entire investment. 
Tax impact of the investment 
A net income on the Bonds may be diminished by the tax burden associated with the investment in the Bonds. 
Interest on the Bonds, or profits realised by the Holder upon the sale or repayment of the Bonds, may be subject 
to taxation in the Holder’s country of residence, in a country in which the transfer of the Bonds takes place or in 
another country that is relevant in the situation in which the Holder is subject to tax. Official statements of tax 
authorities or court decisions regarding financial instruments as the Bonds may not be available in 
certain countries. 
Withholding tax risk 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the yield on the Bonds is not subject to any withholding tax, except for yield 
paid to tax payers who are individuals or tax payers not incorporated or established for business purposes and 
NBS. With regard to frequent changes of tax regime, no established application practice exists. Tax regulations 
which are subject to changes create negative prospects for the predictability and stability of the Slovak tax 
environment. Further changes regarding the withholding tax regime cannot be ruled out, which could negatively 
affect the expected yield on the Bonds. 
Denomination of financial activities of the Holder in a currency other than the currency in which the Bonds 
will be issued and in which the Issuer will pay the Principal Amount and interest on the Bonds, may give rise 
to exchange rate risks 
The Issuer will pay the Principal Amount and interest on the Bonds in euro. This presents certain risk related to 
currency conversions if a Holder’s financial activities are denominated in another currency (the Holder’s 
Currency). These risks include, in particular, risks related to the significant change of exchange rates (including 
changes due to the devaluation of the currency specified in the relevant Final Terms or the revaluation of the 
Holder’s Currency) and risks related to the introduction of exchange rate measures and controls. An appreciation 
of the Holder’s Currency relative to the euro with respect to the expression in the Holder’s Currency would mean 
a decrease of (i) the interest income on the Bonds; (ii) the Principal Amount; and (iii) the market value of the 
Bonds. 
Government authorities may introduce or exercise exchange rate measures and controls that could adversely 
affect an applicable exchange rate; as a result, certain Holders, whose financial activities are denominated in a 
currency other than the euro, could receive lower interest on the Bonds or a lower Principal Amount than 
expected or no interest on or Principal Amount from the Bonds. 
Payments on the Bonds may be subject to U.S. withholding tax under FATCA 
In certain circumstances, payments made under or in connection with the Bonds may be subject to U.S. 
withholding tax pursuant to Sections 1471 – 1474 of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (usually 
designated as FATCA) and related legislation, or international agreements on the implementation of FATCA.  
FATCA may also affect payments made to custodians or intermediaries in the payment chain leading to the 
ultimate investor if any such custodian or intermediary generally is unable to receive payments free of FATCA 
withholding. It also may affect payment to any ultimate investor that is a financial institution that is not entitled

--- Page 22 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
20 
 
 
to receive payments free of FATCA withholding, or an ultimate investor that fails to provide the trader (or other 
custodian or intermediary from which it receives payment) with any information, forms, other documentation or 
consents that may be necessary for the payments to be made free of FATCA withholding. Investors should 
choose the custodians or intermediaries with care (to ensure each is compliant with FATCA or other laws or 
agreements related to FATCA), and provide each custodian or intermediary with any information, forms, other 
documentation or consents that may be necessary for such custodian or intermediary to make a payment free of 
FATCA withholding. Investors should consult their own tax adviser to obtain a more detailed explanation of 
FATCA and how FATCA may affect them. 
If withholding is required under FATCA, the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts with 
respect to the withheld amounts. 
Risk factors related to purchasing and trading with the Bonds 
Risk that trading in the Bonds will be suspended, interrupted or terminated 
The Bonds may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Bonds easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell its Bonds at any time at fair market prices. The 
possibility to sell the Bonds might additionally be restricted by country specific reasons. Furthermore, the Issuer 
cannot guarantee the price for which Bonds will be purchased and/or sold on the secondary market. The price is 
influenced by current market conditions, therefore it changes during trading. Historical development of prices 
of the Bonds cannot be considered as indicator of future development of prices. The Holder is therefore exposed 
to the risk of an unfavourable development of market prices of its Bonds which materialises if the Holder sells 
the Bonds prior to the final maturity of such Bonds. If the Holder decides to hold the Bonds until final maturity, 
the Bonds will be redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
There is also a risk that trading with the Bonds on the relevant stock exchange may be suspended, interrupted or 
terminated for exceptional economic, regulatory or technical reasons, despite no fault or influence on the side of 
the Issuer. 
Risk of relevant clearing/settlement system 
There is a risk that the settlement system of the Central Securities Depository of the Slovak Republic or 
corresponding records of international central depositories such as Euroclear or Clearstream, or links between 
them, will become dysfunctional due to technical or regulatory reasons, also for instance in case of changes in 
laws or internal procedures of depositories. The Issuer has no influence on such an event, however, problems 
with the settlement or restriction of the possibility of holding the Bonds through international central depositories 
may have a negative effect on the price of the Bonds and may cause that the securities settlement of the Bond 
trades will not be realised. 
Risk of fluctuations in market price of the Bonds 
The Holders are at risk of the change of the market price of the Bonds in the case of the sale of the Bonds. The 
historical development of the prices of the Bonds cannot serve as an indicator of the future development of the 
prices of any Bonds. The development of market prices of the Bonds depends on various factors, such as changes 
in market interest rate levels, the policies of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates, 
changes in taxation methods and the lack of or excess demand for the relevant Bonds. Thus, the Holders are 
exposed to the risk of unfavourable developments in the market prices of the Bonds they hold which may 
materialise if the Holders decide to sell them prior to their final maturity. The Holders must be aware that Bonds 
may be issued at a price higher than the price of comparable Bonds on the secondary market which may increase 
the effect of the unfavourable market price development. If a Holder decides to hold the Bonds up to their final 
maturity, the principal amount will be repaid at the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Credit spread risk 
Potential investors in the Bonds must be aware that the Bonds bear the risk of the Issuer’s credit spread, which 
may increase during the life of the Bonds, resulting in a decrease in the price of the Bonds. Factors affecting the 
credit spread include, inter alia, the Issuer’s creditworthiness and rating, probability of default, potential loss in 
the event of a default and the remaining term to maturity of the Bonds. The liquidity rate, the general level of

--- Page 23 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
21 
 
 
interest rates, overall economic developments and the currency in which the Bonds are denominated may also 
have a positive or negative effect. 
Reduced yield caused by transaction costs and depositary fees 
The total return of the investment in the Bonds may be affected by the fees mainly related to the acquisition, 
custody, purchase or sale of the Bonds. Therefore, the Issuer recommends that potential investors in the Bonds 
become familiar with the fees charged related to the holding, purchase and sale of the Bonds. 
Fees and transaction costs reduce the yield an investor will realise on the investment in the Bonds. When the 
Bonds are purchased, several types of incidental costs (including transaction fees and commissions) may be 
incurred and will have to be paid by the investor in addition to the then current market price of the Note. 
Similarly, when a Holder sells any Bonds, such incidental costs will reduce the actual price the Holder will 
receive for each Note sold. These incidental costs may significantly reduce or even exclude the profitability of 
an investment in the Bonds. For instance, credit institutions as a rule charge their clients commissions which are 
either fixed minimum commissions or pro-rata commissions depending on the order value. To the extent that 
additional – domestic or foreign – parties are involved in the execution of an order, including but not limited to 
domestic managers or brokers, Holders must take into account that they may also be charged for the brokerage 
fees, commissions and other fees and expenses of such parties (third party costs). 
Rating of the Bonds may not adequately reflect all the risks of investing in the Bonds, and may also result in 
its suspension, downgrade or withdrawal 
Even if the Bonds will be rated, such a credit rating may not adequately reflect all the risks of investing in these 
Bonds. Credit rating may be also suspended, downgraded or withdrawn. Such suspension, downgrade or 
withdrawal may have an adverse effect on the market value and trading price of the Bonds. A credit rating is not 
a recommendation to purchase, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by a credit rating agency 
at any time. 
Inflation risk 
The Bonds do not contain an anti-inflation clause and the real value of an investment in the Bonds may decline 
as inflation reduces the value of the currency. Inflation also causes a decline in real yields of the Bonds. If the 
inflation rate exceeds the sum of nominal yields of the Bonds, the value of real yields of the Bonds will be 
negative. According to the Statistical Office of the Slovak Republic, the year-on-year inflation rate in September 
2022 was 14.2%.4 
 
                                                     
4  
Development of consumer prices in September 2022, the Statistical Office of the Slovak Republic, published on 14 October 2022, available 
at: Inflation – consumer price indices in September 2022 (statistics.sk).

--- Page 24 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
22 
 
 
3. 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s., with its registered seat at Hodžova 11, Žilina 010 11, Slovak Republic, 
Identification No.: 31 575 951, registered in the Commercial Register of the District Court Žilina, section: Sa, 
insert No.: 148/L (the Issuer) acting through Ing. Jan Rollo, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Ing. 
Henrieta Gahérová, Member of the Board of Directors, represents to be solely responsible for the information 
provided in the Prospectus. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus. The Issuer hereby declares 
that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this Prospectus 
is, to the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to 
affect its meaning. 
In Bratislava, on 29 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
______________________ 
______________________ 
Name: Ing. Jan Rollo 
Title: Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
Name: Ing. Henrieta Gahérová 
Title: Member of the Board of Directors 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s.

--- Page 25 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
23 
 
 
4. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
4.1 
Basic information 
Business name:  
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
Registered seat:  
Hodžova 11, Žilina 010 11  
Identification number:  
31 575 951 
Legal form: 
 
joint-stock company 
Country of incorporation: Slovak Republic 
LEI: 
 
 
315700K45LRKNGMUIW27 
Telephone: 
 
+421 41 5111 111 
Website:  
 
www.primabanka.sk 
The information on the website does not form part of the Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into the Prospectus. The information on the 
website has not been scrutinised or approved by the NBS. 
The Issuer holds Slovak banking licence and it is a Slovak bank (credit institution) under the Act on Banks. The 
Issuer operates under the laws of the Slovak Republic, mainly under the Commercial Code, the Act on Banks 
and the Securities Act. 
The Issuer obtained the prior consent of the NBS to carry out activities related to the covered bonds programme 
based on the decision of the NBS dated 14 August 2019, No.: 100-000-187-176 to file No.: NBS1-000-038-410, 
which became final on 16 August 2019. 
4.2 
History 
The Issuer, Prima banka Slovensko, a.s., identification no. (in Slovak: IČO) 31 575 951, is a legal entity that was 
established by 193 Slovak cities and municipalities by a foundation deed of 14 May 1992 as a joint-stock 
company under the Commercial Code, with the business name PRVÁ KOMUNÁLNA BANKA a.s (First 
Municipal Bank). The bank has specialised in providing services and financing to municipalities in the Slovak 
Republic. 
Since 16 December 1992, the Issuer has been registered in the Commercial Register of the District Court Žilina, 
Slovak Republic, Section: Sa, Insert No.: 148/L. The Issuer is a joint-stock company established for an indefinite 
period of time and it carries out its business in compliance with Slovak law. 
On 1 October 2003, the Issuer changed its name to Dexia Banka Slovensko a.s. after the entry of a new majority 
shareholder, Franco-Belgian banking group Dexia. At the same time, the Issuer started to build its position in 
the retail banking sector. 
In 2011, Central European private equity group Penta Investments acquired a majority shareholding in the Issuer 
from Dexia. Subsequently, on 1 January 2012, the Issuer changed its business name to Prima banka Slovensko, 
a.s. and as a part of the new strategy it started to focus predominantly on retail clients, with a revised services 
portfolio and simplified products as well as expansion of the branch and ATM network. 
In 2016, the majority shareholder Penta Investments acquired Sberbank Slovensko, a.s., which was subsequently 
merged into the Issuer on 1 August 2017. The Issuer became its legal successor, being the surviving entity. The 
business integration was completed as of the date of this Prospectus, with no connections to the Sberbank Group. 
Throughout the last few years the Issuer continued executing its long term strategy and further visibly 
strengthened its position in the retail banking space while maintaining its significantly above average portfolio 
quality. The growth was supported also by the very successful inaugural covered bond issue in 2019.  
4.3 
Business overview 
The Issuer is a Slovak bank and operates on the basis of the Commercial Code and the Act on Banks. The Issuer’s 
scope of business includes banking activities performed on the basis of a banking licence granted to the Issuer 
in compliance with the Act on Banks. The banking activities performed by the Issuer are listed in the Issuer’s

--- Page 26 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
24 
 
 
articles of association and are registered as the scope of business in the Commercial Register, and are carried out 
in compliance with the applicable generally binding legal regulations. 
The Issuer considers individual clients, self-employed, small and medium enterprises and municipalities as its 
core client base. The principal products and services offered by the Issuer to its clients include account 
maintenance, the acceptance of deposits, the provision of loans, and domestic and cross-border payments. At the 
core of the relationship with each customer there is typically a current account that is further supplemented by 
other services and products pursuant to client preferences and needs. 
Products and services are offered to customers through a country-wide branch network and direct online 
channels. The bank currently operates the third largest branch and ATM network (120 branches and 300+ ATMs) 
in the country, while being the only bank with branches in each of the 79 administrative districts of the Slovak 
Republic. It operates very customer-friendly and easy-to-use internet banking services, penetration of its mobile 
banking application among its customers belongs to strongest in the market and retains consistently favorable 
customer ratings. Being very competitive in both its physical presence and its direct online channels gives the 
Issuer a strong advantage as independent research shows the group of customers using both branches and direct 
online channels grows the most rapidly, while e.g. the group of customers using direct online channels only is 
significantly smaller and grows only very slowly.5 
The Issuer has strengthened its position significantly since 2012, mainly in retail banking, in which it was the 
fastest growing bank over the period. It continues to grow at a significantly faster pace compared to the rest of 
the market, principally in retail lending and the number of its main bank customers. It also keeps a leading 
position in the segment of municipalities as majority of them continue using the Issuer as their main bank. 
This growth follows from consistent execution of the Issuer’s long-term strategy. It’s driven by simplicity, 
transparency and the attractiveness of its products and services as well as the swiftness and simplicity of related 
processes. This, together with a strong customer focus throughout the whole organisation, has helped the Issuer 
to maintain top levels of customer satisfaction among the largest banks in the Slovak market.6 The Issuer’s 
growth is also built on the above-mentioned wide distribution network and its consistent marketing activities. 
These made its spontaneous brand awareness grow more than that of any other bank over the last few years. The 
Issuer spontaneous brand awareness is currently not far behind top three Slovak banks in this respect and well 
ahead of a number of bank brands that have operated in the market for a much longer time.7 
4.4 
Strategy and key strengths 
The strategy of the Issuer is to build a strong retail-focused bank, with a sustainable business model and 
distinctive competitive strengths that will translate step by step into an improved market position and financials. 
Main values of the Issuer: 
 
Speed and Simplicity 
 
Transparency 
 
Expertise and Credibility 
Main pillars of the Issuer’s strategy 
The Issuer considers individual clients, the self-employed, small and medium enterprises and the municipal 
segment as its core client base. The Issuer’s strategy has remained constant since the entry of its new shareholder 
in 2011. The cornerstone of the strategy is to build long-term relationships with clients, so that they use the Issuer 
as their main banking institution. The strategy is built on three pillars: (i) to grow the number of active customers, 
(ii) to build lending excellence, and (iii) to simplify and grow efficiency. Each of these pillars is discussed further 
below. 
Grow active customers  
The Issuer is, as part of this aspect of its strategy, focused in particular on the following areas: 
 
Current Account as a base for the relationship 
 
Branches & ATMs, Coverage and Accessibility 
 
24x7 Accessibility, Internet/Mobile 
                                                     
5  
Go4Insight research “Retail Banking Monitor 6/2022” procured by the Issuer. 
6  
Go4Insight research “Retail Banking Monitor 6/2022” procured by the Issuer. 
7  
2 muse research 8/2022 procured by the Issuer.

--- Page 27 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
25 
 
 
 
Brand, Marketing and PR 
 
Customer Satisfaction and Loyalty 
 
Activation and Retention 
 
Regular savings and payments 
 
Future generation 
Consistent, step-by-step implementation of the strategy has helped the Issuer to grow its active customer base as 
well as its main bank share significantly more than any other bank in the market and thus strengthen its relative 
market position. An attractive product portfolio, together with wide accessibility through the third largest branch 
and ATM network in the Slovak Republic, in addition to direct online channels, consistently high customer 
satisfaction and growing brand awareness, have all contributed to this growth.  
Build Lending Excellence 
Competitive strength and excellence in lending are developed in the following areas: 
 
Loans to support Relationships 
 
Consumer Loans 
 
Housing Loans 
 
Overdrafts to activate 
 
Operating and Investment Loans 
Within this pillar of the strategy, the Issuer primarily provides clients with fair terms and conditions for loan 
products and enables them to obtain funding through fast and simple processes without unnecessary complexity. 
This is achieved through a focus on relatively lower risk customers and financing, which includes the refinancing 
of customers with a positive track record, avoiding riskier segments and financing. This allows processes to 
remain straightforward, simple and fast, and allows for a high level of automation. Overall lending process 
simplicity also avoids the need to provide loans only through selected specialists and allows personal bankers in 
each of the branches to provide a full range of services. 
Thanks to a consistent strategy execution in this area the Issuer has been the market fastest growing bank in retail 
lending in the market over the last eight years while strengthening its position mainly in lower risk areas of 
mortgage business. Success in the mortgages market also supports growth in the active customer and main bank 
customer base. 
Simplify and Grow Efficiency 
Focus on this area allows the Issuer to operate as efficiently as possible while also improving the processes for 
customers and increasing value for them. 
The specific focus under this part of the strategy includes: 
 
Products and Processes 
 
Speed and Simplicity 
 
Reliability and Responsibility 
 
Transparency, Easy to understand 
 
Focus and Prioritisation 
In the conduct of its banking business the Issuer aims to ensure that its products are simple, valuable, easy to 
understand and transparent for customers. The Issuer provides a key core product in each product category, with 
no unnecessary exceptions or modifications, which keeps the overall product management and customer 
servicing very simple and efficient. Following the same philosophy, the Issuer also strictly simplifies its internal 
processes and organisational structure, which is very lean and allows for more efficient internal operation and 
also better customer service. 
The Issuer does not offer complex or opaque products which it does not perceive to be strategic and which are 
not among those really needed and required by meaningful numbers of customers, such as investment products, 
mutual funds, equity trading, treasury trading, credit cards etc. The Issuer does not offer foreign currency

--- Page 28 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
26 
 
 
financing or trading, focusing instead on providing services mainly in the euro currency and lending only in 
euros. At the same time the Issuer does not maintain its own trading book, which significantly reduces or even 
eliminates additional types of risks at the level of the overall business model. 
The Issuer’s strategy in mortgage lending 
Mortgage lending helps to attract new clients and provides a good base for building long-term relationships with 
them. It also represents a meaningful low-risk area to generate income for the bank. 
The Issuer has set up fast and simple processes for providing mortgage loans and mortgage refinancing, which 
represents a significant competitive advantage in the market. The mortgage lending approach of the Issuer is also 
reflected in the following core principles: 
Strong focus on refinancing of mortgage loans from other banks. The Issuer was one of the first Slovak banks 
to introduce a simple process of transferring well performing mortgage loans from other banks. The Issuer is 
now a significant player in the field of refinancing; more than half of new mortgage loans are refinancing loans 
where there is a proven repayment track record and history of customers, and a lower overall risk level. 
Credit risk diversification/no hunt for big ticket mortgages. The Issuer does not hunt for volume or big ticket 
mortgages, focusing instead on higher numbers of customers with lower ticket sizes. The average mortgage in 
the portfolio on the Issuer books is significantly lower compared to those of competitors. This provides much 
better diversification and avoids concentration of risk in big ticket mortgages. 
Simple and fast underwriting processes, automated approval of mortgage loans. The Issuer has established 
criteria on the basis of which a mortgage loan can also be approved by an automated process. In such a case, the 
process is extremely fast, increasing client satisfaction. Even where the mortgage loan application process 
requires manual approval, the following procedures are similarly quick and simple, making the Issuer very 
competitive. The simplicity and high level of automation is enabled also by the fact that the Issuer focuses on 
simple, straightforward types of customer income and on mainly simple, purpose-driven refinancing or 
purchasing, with no or minimal exceptions. 
Each personal banker at each branch sells all products including mortgage loans. This universalist principle 
ensures sales efficiency at branches and enhances the relationship between client and personal banker in respect 
of all products and is again enabled mainly through product and process simplicity supported by a very user-
friendly bankers front-end system. 
A mortgage loan is available at every branch and in every district. The Issuer has the third largest network of 
branches and ATMs on the Slovak banking market, with branches in each of the 79 Slovak districts.8 As a 
mortgage loan is perceived as a relatively complex product, personal consultations with bankers at branches are 
valued by customers. In this respect, the proximity of the branch plays an important role and forms one of the 
key competitive advantages of the Issuer. 
Mortgage loan interest rates are the same for each client. The client is aware from the outset at what price the 
product will be purchased from the bank – thus ensuring transparency, fairness and a much easier sales process. 
The client’s credit rating is reflected in, e.g., a maximum LTV or value of the loan, not in the interest rate. 
Structure of mortgage loans and collateral is simple. The Issuer does not generally provide loans backed by real 
estate in development projects, keeps the number of construction loans to a minimum and avoids lending to 
customers with potentially problematic or complex types of income or property or projects. Likewise, the Issuer 
does not provide mortgage loans in foreign currency nor does it finance loans if applicants are in receipt of 
foreign currency income. 
Strict underwriting standards. The Issuer sets rules in respect of client creditworthiness, collateral assessment, 
and loan-to-value and debt-to-income ratios that are significantly more stringent than the legal and regulatory 
limits and typically does not use the regulatory space to finance any of the business at thresholds above LTV or 
DTI levels.  
Claw back conditions and incentive model for internal and external sellers. The Issuer operates a strict 
compensation/commission model for both internal staff and external partners. Its delinquency clawback 
conditions are tougher when compared with those of other institutions, thus clearly signalling its focus on quality 
and lower risk to sellers. 
                                                     
8  
Based on publicly available Slovak banking sector data published by the NBS.

--- Page 29 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
27 
 
 
Selection of external agents. The Issuer uses a limited number of companies for the external sale of mortgage 
loans. The agents are subject to a rigorous selection process, and their performance is regularly evaluated and 
reviewed. The commission clawback conditions are significantly tougher compared to the market standards, 
which gives the partners a clear signal on quality requirements and is also translated into the very strong quality 
of production. 
The Issuer’s strategy for mortgage loans is to focus on lower risk customers and types of financing to allow for 
lower risk costs and also to enable simpler and faster processes, which also reduces cost and increases customer 
value. This overall set-up enables the Issuer to offer attractive and valuable conditions to customers. Customers 
with more complicated types of income or financing can be serviced by other banks but they could be given 
access to fast and easy refinancing by the Issuer if they can show a positive and verifiable performance track 
record. 
As a result of its consistent strategy execution the Issuer has retained its position as the fastest growing mortgage 
player in the Slovak market over the last five years while still holding a significantly better portfolio quality 
compared to the overall market. The Issuer currently has built its market position to close to more than 10% of 
market share in portfolio volumes, while in units the market share is estimated at above 12% owing to lower 
average mortgage tickets compared to the rest of market. 
4.5 
Principal markets 
The Issuer provides its services and performs its banking operations on the domestic market in the Slovak 
Republic.  
As of 30 September 2022, the Issuer was the fifth largest bank in the Slovak Republic by the total value of assets. 
The Issuer provided more than 12% of the total volume of mortgage loans on the Slovak market. 9 
4.6 
Rating 
The Issuer has not been assigned with a public credit rating. The Issuer obtained only a private (internal) credit 
rating from the credit rating agency Moody’s. 
4.7 
Information regarding current and new products/services 
The Issuer is a stable growing retail bank offering standard, user-friendly and comprehensible banking products 
to its predominantly retail client base, including current account, saving accounts, housing loans, consumer loans, 
overdrafts and payment services. 
4.8 
Organisational structure and status of the Issuer in its group 
The Issuer has no subsidiaries and has no own consolidated group. 
The Issuer is a member of Penta Investments Group. 
As of 31 December 2021, the direct parent company of the Issuer is Penta Financial Services Limited, with its 
registered seat at Agias Fylaxeos & Polygnostou, 212 C&I CENTER, 2nd floor, P. C. 3082 Limassol, Cyprus, 
registered in the Companies Register, maintained by the Ministry of Industry, Trade and Tourism, Company 
Registrar and Bankruptcy Administrator Department, Nicosia, registration number: HE158996 (Penta Financial 
Services Limited) with controlling 99.55 % share in the registered capital and voting rights of the Issuer. 
Penta Financial Services Limited is directly owned by PENTA INVESTMENTS LIMITED, with its registered 
seat at Agias Fylaxeos & Polygnostou, 212 C&I CENTER, 2nd floor, P. C. 3082 Limassol, Cyprus, registration 
number: HE428480 (Penta Investments Limited Cyprus). The Issuer is almost wholly indirectly owned by the 
ultimate parent company Penta Investments Limited Cyprus and is part of its consolidated group. 
Dependence of the Issuer on other entities within the Penta Investments Group is proportional to the share of 
those entities in the registered capital of the Issuer. 
The Issuer is not aware of any mechanisms whose application may later result in the change of its control. Control 
mechanisms for exercising the shareholder rights of the Issuer’s owner and measures to ensure the elimination 
                                                     
9  
Based on publicly available Slovak banking sector data published by the NBS.

--- Page 30 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
28 
 
 
of the misuse of these rights are stipulated in the Commercial Code, the Act on Banks and other generally binding 
legal regulations. 
4.9 
Trend information 
Macroeconomic conditions, market environment, as well as legislation and regulation applicable to all financial 
institutions in the Slovak Republic and the Eurozone have an impact on the Issuer and its business. In addition 
to these general trends there might be an indirect impact of current geopolitical situation in Ukraine. Except for 
these trends, there are no other known trends, uncertainties, requirements, liabilities or events that could 
reasonably be considered to have an impact on the Issuer's prospects in the current financial year. 
Since the date of compilation of the last audited separate financial statements of the Issuer for the year ending 
31 December 2021, no significant material adverse change has occurred in the Issuer’s prospects. 
4.10 
Profit forecasts or estimate 
The Issuer has neither published nor included in the Prospectus any profit forecast or estimate. 
4.11 
Administrative, managing and supervising bodies 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors is the Issuer’s statutory body, which manages the Issuer’s activities and acts on its behalf. 
The Board of Directors decides on all matters of the Issuer, unless a matter is reserved for the General Meeting 
or the Supervisory Board by law or the Issuer’s articles of association. All members of the Board of Directors 
may act on behalf of the Issuer. At all times two members of the Board of Directors together or one member of 
the Board of Directors together with one proxy act and sign on behalf of the Issuer. The Board of Directors has 
three members; their term of office is five years. 
Members of the Board of Directors of Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
Name and surname 
Position held 
Ing. Jan Rollo 
Chairman 
Ing. Henrieta Gahérová 
Member 
Ing. Peter Novák 
Member 
All of the members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors have professional qualifications for the performance of 
their positions and hold no significant share in the Issuer’s business. None of them has been convicted of a 
property crime. None of the members of the Board of Directors conducts business or activities outside the Issuer 
that would be significant with regard to the Issuer’s activities.  
The Issuer has no knowledge of any conflict of interest among the members of the Board of Directors in relation 
to their obligations vis-à-vis the Issuer and their private interests or other obligations.  
Contact address of all members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors is: Hodžova 11, Žilina 010 11, Slovak 
Republic. 
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board is the supreme control body of the Issuer; it supervises the financial and business 
activities of the Issuer, the execution of powers of the Board of Directors and the performance of other activities 
of the Issuer. It has three members; two are elected by the General Meeting and one by the Issuer’s employees. 
The term of their office is three years. The Supervisory Board meets at least two times a year. A majority of all 
its members is required to adopt a decision. 
Members of the Supervisory Board of Prima banka Slovensko, a.s.  
 
 
Name and surname 
Position held 
Iain Child 
Chairman

--- Page 31 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
29 
 
 
Ing. Marián Slivovič 
Vice-chairman 
Evžen Ollari 
Member 
All of the members of the Issuer’s Supervisory Board have professional qualifications for the performance of 
their positions and hold no significant share in the Issuer’s business. None of them has been convicted of a 
property crime. None of the members of the Supervisory Board conducts business, or activities outside the Issuer 
that would be significant with regard to the Issuer’s activities. 
The Issuer has no knowledge of any conflict of interest among the members of the Supervisory Board in relation 
to their obligations vis-à-vis the Issuer and their private interests or other obligations.  
Contact address of all members of the Issuer’s Supervisory Board is: Hodžova 11, Žilina 010 11, Slovak 
Republic. 
General proxy 
General proxy (in Slovak: prokurista) is authorised to represent the Issuer in all matters except with regard to 
disposal of real property. The Issuer has appointed two general proxies as at the date of this Prospectus. The term 
of his office is not set. 
General proxies of Prima banka Slovensko, a.s.  
 
 
Name and surname 
Position held 
Ing. Dušan Tomašec 
General proxy 
Ing. Igor Tušl 
General proxy 
The Issuer has no knowledge of any conflict of interest among the general proxies in relation to their obligations 
vis-à-vis the Issuer and their private interests or other obligations.  
Contact address of the general proxies is: Hodžova 11, Žilina 010 11, Slovak Republic. 
The Corporate Governance Code 
As private company, the Issuer has no obligation to comply with any corporate governance codes. The Issuer 
conducts its business in compliance with Slovak and European banking legislation and Slovak corporate law, 
including with regard to all internal governance aspects. 
4.12 
Major shareholders 
Registered capital of the Issuer 
The registered capital of the Issuer amounts to EUR 226,772,938 and is divided into: 
(a) 
100,200 non-bearer registered shares, with the nominal value of EUR 339 per share;  
(b) 
100,200 non-bearer registered shares, with the nominal value of EUR 67 per share; 
(c) 
701,400 non-bearer registered shares, with the nominal value of EUR 5 per share; and 
(d) 
176,572,738 non-bearer registered shares, with the nominal value of EUR 1 per share. 
Shares are freely transferable, but they are not admitted to trading on any regulated market or trading venue. The 
entire registered capital of the Issuer is fully paid up. 
Shareholder structure of the Issuer as of 30 June 2022 
 
Registered capital  
(in thousands of EUR) 
 Share  
(in %) 
 
Voting rights 
(in %) 
Shareholder 
 
  
 
 
Penta Financial Services Limited 
225,754 
 99.55 
 
99.55 
Other shareholders (less than 1%) 1,019 
 0.45 
 
0.45 
Total 
226,773 
 100.00 
 
100.00

--- Page 32 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
30 
 
 
The nature of control of the majority shareholder results directly from its share in the registered capital of the 
Issuer. The Issuer is unaware of any actions by this shareholder, which would lead to abuse of control. 
The Issuer is not aware of any mechanisms whose application may later result in the change of its control. Control 
mechanisms for exercising the shareholder rights of the Issuer’s owner and measures to ensure the elimination 
of the misuse of these rights are stipulated in the Commercial Code, the Act on Banks and other generally binding 
legal regulations. 
4.13 
Financial information concerning assets and liabilities, financial situation and profits and losses of 
the Issuer 
Historical financial information that has been audited as well as interim financial information that has not been 
audited are included in the Prospectus by reference from the following Issuer’s financial statements: 
(a) 
the separate financial statements of the Issuer for the year ending 31 December 2020 prepared in 
compliance with the IFRS, which form part of the Issuer’s Annual Report for 2020; and 
(b) 
the separate financial statements of the Issuer for the year ending 31 December 2021 prepared in 
compliance with the IFRS, which form part of the Issuer’s Annual Report for 2021; and 
(c) 
the interim separate financial statements of the Issuer for the nine months ending 30 September 2022 
in accordance with IAS 34. 
The Issuer has no consolidated group and does not prepare any consolidated financial statements. 
The separate financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 were audited 
by Ernst & Young Slovakia, spol. s r.o., with its registered seat at Žižkova 9, 811 02 Bratislava, Slovak Republic, 
Member of the Slovak Chamber of Auditors (SKAU), SKAU licence No. 257. 
The auditor’s statements were in all cases issued without qualification. 
The interim separate financial statements of the Issuer for the nine months ending 30 September 2022 have not 
been audited. No other information in the Prospectus has been audited. 
4.14 
Legal, administrative and arbitration proceedings 
During the period of one year preceding the preparation of the Prospectus, the Issuer was not and is not aware 
of it being a party to any administrative, legal or arbitration proceedings (the Proceedings) that may have or 
may have had in the recent past significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. It cannot 
be excluded that in the future the Issuer will become a party to any Proceedings that may have a material adverse 
effect on the economic results and financial position of the Issuer.  
4.15 
Significant change in the Issuer’s financial position and other significant changes 
No significant changes have occurred in the financial performance, financial position or business position of the 
Issuer since the date of compilation of the audited separate financial statements of the Issuer for the year ending 
31 December 2021 and since the date of compilation of the last non-audited separate financial statements of the 
Issuer for the nine months ending 30 September 2021. 
No significant changes occurred in the structure of borrowing and financing of the Issuer. Except for issuing the 
Bonds under the Programme, the Issuer does not expect any significant changes in its funding structure. 
4.16 
Material contracts 
The Issuer has not entered into any material contracts other than contracts entered into in the ordinary course of 
the business that may result in a situation in which the Issuer will have an obligation or authorisation decisive 
for the Issuer’s ability to perform the obligations under the Bonds towards their Holders.

--- Page 33 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
31 
 
 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND THE USE OF PROCEEDS 
If not stated otherwise, the net proceeds from each issue of the Bonds will be used by the issuer for its general 
funding and liquidity management purposes.

--- Page 34 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
32 
 
 
6. 
BASIC INFORMATION ABOUT THE BONDS 
General information 
The Bonds are debt securities that represent the Issuer’s obligation to repay their principal amount and 
any proceeds. 
The Bonds will be issued under the laws of the Slovak Republic, in particular the Bonds Act and the Act on 
Bank, under the Programme. The Issuer may issue the Bonds on a continuous or repeated basis as separate issues 
and individual issues may also be issued in parts (tranches). 
The Bonds may be offered in the territory of the Slovak Republic or on the territory of other Member States of 
the European Union only in one or several manners defined in Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, which 
is exempt from the obligation to publish a prospectus.  
The Issuer may, but is not obliged, to apply for admission of the Bonds on the regulated market of LSE or on 
another regulated market in the Member State of the EEA other than the Slovak Republic.  
Legal framework of the Bonds (kryté dlhopisy) under Slovak law 
The details of the Bonds and their issuance are set out in the Act on Banks and the Act on Bonds. The Bonds are 
secured (covered) bonds the principal amount of which, including the yields on them, is fully covered by assets 
or other property values in the cover pool, which can only be issued by a bank in the Slovak Republic, and which 
is designated in its name as “covered note” (in Slovak: krytý dlhopis). The Holders of the Bonds have by virtue 
of law the priority security right over all assets registered in the cover pool, including in the mortgages over the 
real estate property securing the included mortgage loans. 
An issuer of the covered notes may design a covered note as a “European Covered Note” (in Slovak: európsky 
krytý dlhopis), if it is secured by base assets under Section 70(1)(c) or 70(1)(d) of the Act on Banks or as a 
“European Covered Note (Premium)” (in Slovak: európsky krytý dlhopis (prémiový)), if it is secured by base 
assets under Section 70(1)(a) or 70(1)(b) of the Act on Banks and further requirements under Article 129 of the 
CRR 
The Bonds can only be issued by a Slovak bank that has a bank license under the Act on Banks and which has 
obtained prior approval from the NBS to perform activities related to the covered bonds programme. The Issuer 
has obtained such prior approval of the NBS on 14 August 2019. 
The cover pool consists of four components: (i) underlying assets (i.e. mortgage loans), (ii) additional assets, 
(iii) hedging derivatives, and (iv) liquid assets. An asset or property value becomes part of the cover pool by its 
inclusion in the register of covered bonds and is included until it is removed from this register. The cover pool 
may, pursuant to Section 68(3) of the Act on Banks, be used only to cover the Issuer’s obligations to repay the 
principal amount of the covered bonds and their interest proceeds, the estimated obligations and costs of the 
Issuer related to the covered bonds programme (e.g. to the covered bonds programme administrator, the payment 
service agent, etc.) and the obligations of the Issuer arising from hedging derivatives. 
The base assets are the Issuer’s receivables from mortgage loans with a remaining maturity of no more than 30 
years provided to consumers and secured by pledges over immovable assets that meet the statutory conditions. 
The base assets are also these pledges over immovable assets. If the value of the pledged property decreases to 
the amount of the current unpaid principal of the mortgage loan, such Issuer’s receivable shall be included in the 
base assets only up to the amount not exceeding 80% of the value of the pledged property. If the value of the 
pledged property falls below the unpaid principal, it is not included in the base assets at all. 
Additional assets include deposits with the NBS, the ECB or the central bank of a Member State, ECB debt 
certificates, cash, treasury bills issued by the Slovak Republic, or debt securities issued by a Member State, 
deposits with banks, foreign banks and debt securities issued by banks and foreign banks. 
The Act on Banks sets out the method of calculating the cover ratio. The cover ratio is the ratio between the 
value of the cover pool, including payment claims arising from hedging derivatives, and the sum of the Issuer's 
obligations and costs arising from the covered bonds programme, including payment obligations arising from 
hedging derivatives (if they exist). Excess hedging is the portion of the cover ratio in excess of 100%. In case of 
the Covered Notes under this Base Prospectus covered by the prime mortgage loans, the minimal over-
collateralisation is 105% as stated in Article 129(3a) of the CRR.

--- Page 35 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
33 
 
 
Property values and assets forming part of the cover pool are registered in the register of the covered bonds. 
They cannot be pledged by the Issuer or used to secure its other obligations. 
The NBS appoints for each bank that is the issuer of covered bonds, a cover bonds programme administrator and 
its deputy supervising the compliance with the statutory conditions in relation to the covered bonds programme. 
The covered bonds programme administrator supervises the issue of covered bonds in terms of their requirements 
and coverage under the Act on Banks and informs NBS about any identified deficiencies. The covered bonds 
programme administrator is required to issue a written certificate for each issue of covered bonds prior to the 
issue, that they have the required coverage and that a record is kept in the register of covered bonds. 
If the Issuer becomes insolvent, the separate bankruptcy estate of the secured creditors, who are the holders of 
the covered bonds, would be composed of the assets constituting the cover pool and registered in the register of 
covered bonds; this separate bankruptcy estate will include in particular the base assets, i.e. receivables from 
mortgage loans, including pledges over properties serving to secure the receivables from mortgage loans, 
provided that they have been registered in the register of covered bonds and included in the cover pool. 
If the Issuer is insolvent, the bankruptcy trustee has several options to deal with the covered bonds programme. 
The bankruptcy trustee may in particular continue to operate the covered bonds programme as part of the issuer’s 
business unless this reduces the overall satisfaction ratio for the holders of the covered bonds. If the bankruptcy 
trustee assesses that it will be more beneficial to the holders of the covered bonds, he may attempt to transfer the 
covered bonds programme or its part so that the whole covered bonds programme is transferred to another bank 
or multiple banks. If the bankruptcy trustee fails to secure transferring of the covered bonds programme, he is 
entitled to sell individual receivables from mortgage loans that form part of the cover pool’s assets during the 
business operation. If the capitalisation fails to be achieved in such a way before termination of the operation of 
the Issuer’s business, the bankruptcy trustee may, after fulfilling the statutory conditions and complying with the 
statutory deadlines, terminate the operation of the covered bonds programme as a part of the Issuer’s business 
and enforce an early repayment of obligations corresponding to the receivables that constitute the base assets of 
the cover pool. Termination of the covered bonds programme operation will result in receivables payment falling 
due under the bonds. 
Application of the new regime under the EU Covered Bonds Directive  
The Issuer decided to apply the new regime under the EU Covered Bonds Directive to the Covered Notes issued 
before 8 July 2022 and will include such Covered Notes in the continuing covered notes programme governed 
by the new provisions of the Act on Banks implementing the EU Covered Bonds Directive. The Covered Notes 
are treated as European Covered Bonds (Premium) secured by prime mortgage loans, i.e. base assets under 
Section 70(1)(b) of the Act and Banks and meeting the requirements under Article 129 of the CRR 
Statutory publications concerning the Cover Pool and the Bonds 
Total value of eligible assets included in the Issuer’s cover pool was approximately EUR 3.4 billion as of 30 
September 2022. The covered liabilities include primarily EUR 2.0 billion issued covered bonds.   
The information regarding the cover pool and the Bonds will be published by the Issuer to the extent required 
under the Act on Banks and other applicable regulation and prevailing Slovak market practice. 
EU Covered Bonds Directive 2019/2162  
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of 
covered bonds and covered bond public supervision has been implemented into legislation and applies from 8 
July 2022 (EU Covered Bonds Directive). The transposing amendments of the Act on Banks and related 
legislation have been passed by the Slovak Parliament in November 2021, with the effective date 8 July 2022. 
Implementation of the EU Covered Bonds Directive does not have material impact on the already issued CBs 
because the current Slovak legal framework is already aligned with most of the material requirements of new 
EU Covered Bonds Directive.

--- Page 36 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
34 
 
 
7. 
COMMON TERMS 
This section of the Prospectus contains certain information in square brackets that do not contain specific 
information or contain only a general description (or general principles or alternatives). At the moment of the 
preparation of the Prospectus, the unknown information concerning the Bonds, will be completed by the Issuer 
for individual issues of the Bonds in the Final Terms (as defined below) to be prepared and published in the form 
specified in clause 8 of the Prospectus designated as the “Form of the Final Terms”. 
The term “Bonds” for the purpose of this clause 7 (“Common Terms”) only refers to the bonds of the issue 
concerned and shall not be construed as any bonds issued continuously or repeatedly by the Issuer under the 
Programme. 
The text in these Common Terms in italics is merely a guide to the preparation of the Final Terms and is not 
part of the final legally binding text of the relevant Terms and Conditions (as defined below) of the relevant issue 
of the Bonds. 
All issues of the Bonds to be issued under the Programme on the basis of this Prospectus will be governed by 
the Common Terms set out in this clause 7 (the “Common Terms”) and the respective Final Terms. For the 
purposes of these Common Terms and pursuant to Article 8(4) and (5) of the Prospectus Regulation, the Final 
Terms mean a document designated as the “Final Terms” to be prepared and published by the Issuer with regard 
to individual issues of the Bonds, and which will contain particular information the description of which is given 
in square brackets in these Common Terms (the Final Terms). 
For the sake of clarity, the clauses and paragraphs of the Common Terms are numbered separately. 
PART A: INFORMATION ABOUT THE BONDS 
This Part A (Information about the Bonds) of the Common Terms together with Part A of the Final Terms 
replaces the terms and conditions of the respective issue of the Bonds (the Terms and Conditions).  
For the avoidance of doubt, the term “Bonds” in the Terms and Conditions only refers to the bonds of the 
particular issue and shall not be construed as referring to any bonds issued continuously or repeatedly by the 
Issuer under the Programme. 
Any reference to point, section or paragraph in the Terms and Conditions (including in the Final Terms) means 
reference to point, section or paragraph of the whole Terms and Conditions of a given issuance of the Bonds. 
1. 
Basic information, form and manner of issue of the Bonds 
1.1 
The covered Bonds (in Slovak: kryté dlhopisy), [ISIN], [FISN] [Common Code] will be issued by the Issuer, 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s., with its registered seat at Hodžova 11, Žilina 010 11, Slovak Republic, 
Identification No.: 31 575 951, registered in the Commercial Register of the District Court Žilina, Slovak 
Republic, Section: Sa, Insert No: 148/L, LEI: 315700K45LRKNGMUIW27 (the Issuer) in accordance with Act 
No. 530/1990 Coll., on Bonds, as amended (the Bonds Act) and in accordance with Act No. 566/2001 Coll. on 
Securities and Investment Services, as amended (the Securities Act). 
The Bonds are issued as covered bonds (in Slovak: kryté dlhopisy) under Section 67 et seq. of Act No. 483/2001 
Coll. on Banks, as amended (the Act on Banks) and are covered by assets or other property values in the cover 
pool pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Act on Banks. 
1.2 
The Bonds are book-entry securities (in Slovak: zaknihované cenné papiere) registered in: [Depository – 
information (name and address of the entity) about the entity that maintains the statutory records of securities] 
(the Central Depository) in bearer form (in Slovak: vo forme na doručiteľa) pursuant to the Securities Act. 
1.3 
The Bonds will be issued with principal amount (in Slovak: menovitá hodnota) of each of the Bonds of 
[Principal Amount] (the Principal Amount), the number of securities being no more than [Number of 
Securities in the Issue]. 
1.4 
The Bonds will be issued in euro.  
1.5 
The name of the Bonds is [Name]. 
1.6 
The Aggregate Principal Amount (in Slovak: celková menovitá hodnota) of the Bonds will be no more than 
[Aggregate Amount of the Issue] (the Aggregate Amount of the Issue) and after deduction of the costs relating

--- Page 37 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
35 
 
 
to the issue of the Bonds (costs of the Central Depository, admission to trading, advisors, subscription or 
placement of the Bonds, administration, settlement and other associated costs) the estimated net proceeds from 
the issue of the Bonds will be [Estimated Net Proceeds from the Issue]. 
1.7 
Individual issues of the Bonds may be issued by the Issuer in parts (tranches) in compliance with the applicable 
provisions of the Bonds Act. 
1.8 
The Issue Price of the Bonds was determined as [Issue Price in %] of the Principal Amount (the Issue Price). 
[Information about the accrued interest] 
1.9 
The issue date of the Bonds is set for [Issue Date] (the Issue Date). 
1.10 
The Bonds will be issued under the EUR 3,000,000,000 covered bonds issuance programme pursuant to Article 8 
of the Prospectus Regulation (the Programme). 
2. 
Rights attached to the Bonds 
2.1 
The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the Bonds Act, the Securities Act and the Act on Banks, and the 
Holders have the rights and obligations arising from these laws and the Terms and Conditions. The procedure 
for exercising these rights follows from the applicable laws and the Terms and Conditions. 
2.2 
Rights attached to the Bonds are not restricted, except for general restrictions pursuant to applicable legal 
regulations. 
2.3 
The transferability of the Bonds is not restricted. No rights to exchange them for any other securities and no pre-
emption rights (rights for preferential subscription) to any securities and no other benefits are attached to the 
Bonds. 
2.4 
The payment of the Principal Amount or the payment of interest on the Bonds is secured (covered) in compliance 
with the applicable provisions of the Act on Banks. 
2.5 
A joint representative of the Holders or any other representative of Holders has not been appointed. 
3. 
Holders of the Bonds and transfers 
3.1 
The Holders of the Bonds will be the persons registered as owners of the Bonds (a) on the owner’s account (in 
Slovak: účet majiteľa) maintained by the Central Depository or by a member of Central Depository; or (b) in the 
internal records of a person for which Central Depository maintains a custody account (in Slovak: držiteľský 
účet) or similar account (each such account the Relevant Account and each such person the Holder). If some 
of the Bonds are registered in a custody account, the Issuer reserves the right to rely on the authority of each 
person maintaining such account to fully represent (directly or indirectly) the Holder and perform vis-à-vis the 
Issuer and to the account of the Holder all legal acts (either in the Holder’s name or in its own name) associated 
with the Bonds as if this person were their owner. 
3.2 
A transfer of the Bonds is made through the registration of the transfer in the Relevant Account. 
3.3 
Unless the law or a decision of the court delivered to the Issuer provides otherwise, the Issuer will deem each 
Holder as the authorised owner in all respects and make the payments under the Bonds to that Holder. 
4. 
Status of obligations 
Obligations from the Bonds constitute direct, general, secured (covered, in Slovak: kryté), unconditional and 
unsubordinated liabilities of the Issuer which rank pari passu among themselves and always rank at least pari 
passu with any other direct, general, similarly secured (covered, in Slovak: kryté), unconditional and 
unsubordinated liabilities of the Issuer, present and future, save for those obligations of the Issuer as may be 
stipulated by mandatory provisions of law. 
5. 
Representations and undertakings of the Issuer 
5.1 
The Issuer declares that it owes to the Holders the Principal Amount and undertakes to repay the Principal 
Amount and any interest on the Bonds (if the Bonds bear interest income), in accordance with their Terms 
and Conditions.  
5.2 
The Issuer undertakes to treat all Holders in the same circumstances equally.

--- Page 38 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
36 
 
 
5.3 
[Overcollateralization – [The Issuer undertakes to maintain the cover ratio (in Slovak: ukazovateľ krytia) in 
respect of the Bonds at least in accordance with the Act on Banks and other applicable Slovak laws.] or [The 
Issuer undertakes to maintain the cover ratio (in Slovak: ukazovateľ krytia) in respect of the Bonds at least at the 
level of [].] 
6. 
Interest 
The Bonds will bear interest from the date of the Issue Date. [Determination of interest – [The Bonds bear a 
fixed interest rate throughout their life, in the amount of [Rate]% p. a.] (the Interest Rate).]  
or for zero coupon Bonds): [The Bonds have no interest rate and their interest is determined as the difference 
between the Principal Amount of the Bonds and their Issue Price. The provisions of clauses 6.2 to 6.9 and any 
reference to interest or its payment shall in this case not be applicable to the Bonds.]  
or for the floating rate Bonds: [The Bonds bear interest at the floating rate set as the sum of the Reference Rate 
and the Margin of [Reference Rate and Margin]% p. a. (the Interest Rate). The Reference Rate will be set for 
the first time [Reference Rate Setting Deadline] before the Issue Date and subsequently set [Reference Rate 
Setting Deadline] before the applicable Payment Date for the following Interest Period (the Reference Rate 
Setting Date). The current floating Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be notified by the Issuer 
to the Holders promptly.]] 
6.1 
Yield to Maturity as at the Issue Date amounts to: [Yield to Maturity].  
6.2 
Interest on the Bonds will be always paid [Interest Payment Frequency] (on) [Interest Payment Date(s)] of 
the relevant calendar year (each a Payment Date) in compliance with clause 8 below. 
Interest on the Bonds will be paid to the Holders for each Interest Period retrospectively, for the first time on 
[First Interest Payment Date]. 
For the purposes of the Terms and Conditions, the Interest Period shall mean the period commencing on the 
Issue Date (inclusive) and ending on the first Payment Date (exclusive) and subsequently each successive period 
commencing on the Payment Date (inclusive) and ending on the next successive Payment Date (exclusive) until 
(a) the Principal Amount Maturity Date (exclusive) or until (b) the Early Maturity Date (exclusive) if the Bonds 
are redeemed early.  
Interest on the Bonds shall be calculated according to the convention [Convention] (as defined below).  
6.3 
The amount of interest payable to each Holder shall be calculated (a) as the product of the Principal Amount and 
the Interest Rate (expressed as a decimal number), (b) by subsequent multiplication of this amount by the relevant 
fraction of days calculated in accordance with the convention specified in the preceding sentence, (c) by 
subsequent multiplication of this amount by the number of the Bonds held by the relevant Holder, and (d) by 
rounding the resulting value to two decimal places, with the value of 0.005 being rounded up. The same 
procedure shall be used also for calculation of the aliquot accrued interest. 
6.4 
The Bonds will cease to bear interest as of the Principal Amount Maturity Date or the Early Maturity Date (if 
the Bonds are redeemed early), provided that the Principal Amount has as of this date been repaid. If the Principal 
Amount is not fully repaid as of the Principal Amount Maturity Date or the Early Maturity Date (if the Bonds 
are redeemed early) due to the Issuer’s fault, the Bonds will continue to bear interest at the Interest Rate until all 
due amounts in respect of the Bonds have been paid. 
6.5 
For the purposes of the Terms and Conditions, “Reference Rate” means the interest rate expressed as the 
percentage p.a. displayed on [Screen page] (or any substitute screen page displaying such information) as 
[Relevant value – [the value of the fixing of the interest rates for sale on the interbank market for deposits for 
the relevant currency for the relevant period] or [the value of mid-swap interest rate (the average of bid and offer 
swap rate) for the fixed part of swap transaction, where the fixed rate is changed into a floating rate in the relevant 
currency for the relevant period] or [Not applicable.]]; information/data regarding the past performance, current 
value as well as the volatility of the Reference Rate can also be obtained there. 
If the Reference Rate is not available on the above-mentioned page or it is not displayed for any reason, it will 
be determined by the Issuer. In the event that any interest rate calculated using the Reference Rate in accordance 
with the procedures set out above would be less than zero, the Interest Rate with a value of zero will be used to 
calculate the Interest Rate.

--- Page 39 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
37 
 
 
6.6 
If – except for the Interruption Event (as defined below) – the relevant Screen Page is not available or if the rate 
does not appear in the relevant time, the Issuer will request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to 
provide a rate for the Reference Rate of approximately 11:00 a.m. for the relevant Reference Rate Setting Date. 
If such rates are provided by two or more Reference Banks, the Reference Rate for the relevant period will be 
the arithmetic average of such rates (rounded to the nearest thousandth of a percentage point according to the 
arithmetic rules, if necessary). If such rates are provided by only one or none of the Reference Banks, the 
Reference Rate will be determined by the Issuer as the arithmetic average (rounded to the nearest one thousandth 
of a percentage point according to the arithmetic rules, if applicable) of the rates reported to the Issuer by the 
Reference Banks, or any two or more of them, as the rates at which major banks on the interbank market in the 
Eurozone offered them at around 11:00 a.m. on the relevant Reference Rate Setting Date deposits in the Currency 
for the relevant Interest Period. If the Reference Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the 
preceding paragraphs, the Issuer shall determine the Reference Rate at its own discretion. 
Reference Banks means at least four major banks in the Eurozone interbank market. 
6.7 
If the Issuer at its reasonable discretion determines that (a) it becomes illegal for the Issuer to use the Reference 
Rate, or (b) the Reference Rate administrator ceases to calculate and publish the Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, or (c) the Reference Rate administrator becomes insolvent, is under restructuring or becomes subject 
to any similar proceedings (affecting the administrator) initiated by the administrator or its supervisory or 
regulatory authority, or (d) the Reference Rate is otherwise interrupted or otherwise ceases to be provided (each 
of the events referred to in paragraphs (a) to (d) an Interruption Event), the Reference Rate shall be replaced 
by the rate determined by the Issuer (the Substitute Reference Rate) in accordance with the following 
paragraphs in order (a) to (d): 
(a) 
The Reference Rate shall be replaced by a reference rate determined by any applicable law or regulation 
or notified by the Reference Rate administrator, the relevant Central Bank or supervisory authority or 
the regulatory authority as the substitute interest rate for the Reference Interest Rate, provided the Issuer 
has access to the source of such determination. The Issuer shall provide this information to the Holders 
as soon as possible in accordance with clause 14. In this case, the Issuer is not subject to any other 
disclosure obligations in connection with such Substitute Reference Rate or any adjustments or changes 
made in connection therewith. 
(b) 
The Substitute Reference Rate shall be determined by the Independent Advisor‘s discretion as the rate 
most comparable to the Reference Rate, and if the Independent Advisor finds that there is a reference 
rate accepted in the industry as comparable to the Reference Rate, then the Independent Advisor will 
use such reference interest rate as the Substitute Reference Rate and determine which screen page or 
source to use in connection with this Substitute Reference Rate (the Substitute Screen Page). The 
Independent Advisor shall inform the Issuer and the Administrator of such determinations. The Issuer 
shall provide this information to the Holders without undue delay in accordance with clause 14. 
(c) 
In addition to replacing the Reference Rate with the Substitute Reference Rate under paragraphs (a) or 
(b) above, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may state (i) the 
factor adjusting the interest rate or fraction or margin (which is added or deducted) to be applied to the 
Substitute Reference Rate for the purpose of achieving a result, consistent with the economic substance 
of the Reference Rate prior to the occurrence of the Interruption Event, and (ii) any other changes 
necessary to determine the Interest Rate or other payments to comply with market practice in relation 
to the Substitute Reference Rate (for example, Convention, business days, Interest Rate Setting Dates, 
method of calculating the amount of interest). The Issuer shall provide this information to the Holders 
without undue delay in accordance with clause 14. 
(d) 
If the Substitute Screen Page determined in accordance with paragraph (b) is not accessible to the Issuer 
or if the Independent Advisor does not determine a Substitute Reference Rate or if the Issuer is unable 
to appoint an Independent Advisor even after reasonable efforts, the deadline for determining the 
Substitute Reference Rate under the above paragraphs was insufficient, the Issuer shall decide, at its 
reasonable discretion, but not earlier than three business days before the Reference Rate Setting Date, 
that:

--- Page 40 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
38 
 
 
(i) 
the Reference Rate will be the rate displayed on the Screen Page on the last day preceding the 
relevant Reference Rate Setting Date, when this rate was stated, and informs the Holders about 
it without undue delay in accordance with clause 14; or 
(ii) 
it redeems all (not just some) Bonds early with the notice of early redemption being provided 
at least 30 days in advance in accordance with clause 14; clause 7.3 shall apply mutatis 
mutandis. [Further information on early redemption if it is impossible to determine the 
Substitute Reference Rate] 
Independent Advisor means an independent financial institution of international repute or other independent 
financial advisor with relevant professional expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
6.8 
Convention means for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions one of the following conventions for the 
calculation of interest: 
(a) 
“30E/360” which, for the purposes of the calculation, means that a calendar year has 360 days divided into 12 
months, and each month has 30 days; 
(b) 
“Act/360” which, for the purposes of the calculation, means that a calendar year has 360 days; however, the 
actual number of days lapsed in the relevant Interest Period is taken into consideration, i.e. the same convention 
as for the Reference Rate is used; and 
(c) 
“Act/Act” which, for the purposes of the calculation, means the actual number of days from the beginning of the 
Interest Period to the day of the relevant calculation divided by 365 (or if any part of the period for which the 
interest income is determined falls within a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that part of the 
period for which the interest income is determined, which falls within the leap year, divided by the number 366, 
and (ii) the actual number of days in that part of the period for which the interest income is determined, which 
falls into the non-leap year, divided by the number 365). 
6.9 
The calculation of interest on the Bonds by the Issuer will be final and binding for all Holders, except for a 
manifest error. 
7. 
Maturity of the Bonds 
7.1 
Unless the Bonds are redeemed earlier or repurchased by the Issuer and thus cease to exist, as defined below, 
the Principal Amount [Method of Redemption] shall be repaid on [Maturity Date] (the Principal Amount 
Maturity Date) or [for covered bonds only: Unless the Bonds are redeemed earlier or repurchased by the Issuer 
and thus cease to exist, as defined below, the Principal Amount [Method of Redemption] shall be repaid on 
[Maturity Date] (the Principal Amount Maturity Date) except that the Principal Amount Maturity Date in 
the event of bankruptcy, involuntary administration or resolution procedure related to the Issuer may be extended 
for a maximum period of 12 months and thereafter upon certain conditions for an additional 12 months in each 
case pursuant to the statutory requirements for extension maturity (soft bullet extension) in accordance with 
Section 82 of the Act on Banks and other relevant legislation.] 
7.2 
The Issuer has the right to subscribe or purchase any of the Bonds on the secondary market at any market price 
any time prior to the Principal Amount Maturity Date. The Bonds acquired by the Issuer will not cease to exist 
and the Issuer may keep and resell them. However, the Issuer may at any time until the Principal Amount 
Maturity Date decide to terminate the Bonds acquired by the Issuer, in which case such Bonds shall cease to 
exist. 
7.3 
[Early redemption of the Bonds by the Issuer – [The Issuer is, on the basis of its decision, entitled to early 
redeem all (not only some) Bonds issued and outstanding as of [Early Redemption Date(s)] (the Early 
Maturity Date). The Issuer is obliged to announce such decision to the Holders no sooner than 60 days and no 
later than 30 days prior to the relevant Early Maturity Date.] The Issuer’s notification of the early redemption of 
the Bonds and of the Early Maturity Date is irrevocable and obliges the Issuer to early redeem the entire issue in 
respect of which the notification was made. On the Early Maturity Date, the Issuer shall pay to each Holder [(i) 
100.00% of Principal Amount of the Bonds; and (ii) the extraordinary interest of [Extraordinary Interest 
Amount in %]] of the Principal Amount of the Bonds or [Other Determination of the Early Redemption 
Amount]. The provisions of clause 8 shall apply accordingly to the early redemption of the Bonds.]  
or [The Issuer is entitled to early redeem all (not only some) Bonds issued and outstanding as of [Early 
Redemption Date(s)] (the Early Maturity Date) only if (a) on the occasion of the next payment due under the

--- Page 41 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
39 
 
 
Bonds, the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in clause 10 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Slovak Republic or any change in 
the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date of the issues of the first tranche of the Bonds and (b) such obligation cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it. The Issuer is obliged to announce such decision 
to the Holders no sooner than 60 days and no later than 30 days prior to the relevant Early Maturity Date. The 
Issuer’s notification of the early redemption of the Bonds and of the Early Maturity Date is irrevocable and 
obliges the Issuer to early redeem the entire issue in respect of which the notification was made. On the Early 
Maturity Date, the Issuer shall pay to each Holder 100.00% of Principal Amount of the Bonds and any accrued 
interest until that date. The provisions of clause 8 shall apply accordingly to the early redemption of the Bonds.] 
or [Not applicable. The Issuer may not, on the basis of its decision, redeem the Bonds early.]] 
8. 
Payment terms and conditions 
8.1 
The Issuer undertakes to pay the interest from the Bonds and repay the Principal Amount in euro. The interest 
from the Bonds and the Principal Amount shall be paid to the Holder in accordance with the tax, foreign exchange 
and other applicable Slovak legal regulations effective on the date of the relevant payment. 
8.2 
Payment of the interest from the Bonds will be made as of the Payment Date and the repayment of the Principal 
Amount will be made as of the Principal Amount Maturity Date or the Early Maturity Date (if the Bonds are 
redeemed early) in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, through the Issuer and/or the Administrator (as 
defined below) of the issue of the Bonds at its registered seat (the Payment Venue). 
8.3 
The interest from the Bonds and the Principal Amount shall be paid to persons who will prove to be the Holders 
according to the current register of Bonds held by the Central Depository or a Central Depository member or a 
person registering a Holder for the Bonds registered on the holding account held for such a person by the Central 
Depository at the close of business hours of the Central Depository on the relevant Determination Date (the 
Authorised Person).  
8.4 
For the purposes of the Terms and Conditions, the Determination Date means: 
(a) 
for the purposes of the payment of interest from the Bonds, the 15th calendar day prior to the Payment 
Date (exclusive), or 
(b) 
for the purposes of the payment of the Principal Amount: 
(i) 
the 15th calendar day prior to the of Principal Amount Maturity Date (exclusive); or 
(ii) 
the 15th calendar day prior to the Early Maturity Date. 
8.5 
The Issuer shall make the payment of interest from the Bonds and the Principal Amount to the Authorised 
Persons via wire transfer to their accounts held at the bank, foreign bank or a branch of the foreign bank, which 
the Authorised Person shall notify to the Issuer in a manner satisfactorily certain and acceptable for the Issuer 
no later than five business days prior to the Payment Date or the Principal Amount Maturity Date or the Early 
Maturity Date. 
8.6 
The form and content of the instruction must satisfy the reasonable requirements of the Issuer, and the Issuer 
will be entitled to request sufficiently satisfactory evidence that a person who has signed the instruction is 
authorised to do so on behalf of the Authorised Person. Such evidence must also be delivered to the Issuer no 
later than five business days prior to the Payment Date/Principal Amount Maturity Date/Early Maturity Date (as 
applicable). In particular, the Issuer will be entitled to request any Authorised Person to deliver an officially 
certified power of attorney if the Authorised Person acts through a representative.  
Despite the Issuer’s rights under the preceding sentence, the Issuer will not (a) be obliged to verify the 
authenticity of the instruction according to this clause, or (b) be liable for any damage incurred in relation to any 
delay resulting from the delivery of incorrect, out-of-date and/or incomplete instruction, or (c) be liable for any 
damage incurred in connection with the verification of the instruction or any other information or documents 
pursuant to this clause. In these cases, the Authorised Person shall not be entitled to any additional payment or 
interest for the caused delay or the delay of the relevant payment. 
8.7 
If the Issuer, in reasonable time after the Payment Date, the Principal Amount Maturity Date or the Early 
Maturity Date (as the case may be) cannot pay any amount due in relation to the Bonds due to delays caused by 
the Authorised Person, failure to provide a proper instruction or for other reasons on the part of the Authorised

--- Page 42 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
40 
 
 
Person (e.g. in case of his/her death), the Issuer may, without prejudice to its authorisation pursuant to Section 
568 of Act No. 40/1964 Coll. the Civil Code, as amended, deposit the due amount at the expense of the 
Authorised Person (or its legal successor) at his discretion either into notarial custody or keep the due amount 
itself. By depositing the due amount into custody (notarial or its own), the Issuer’s obligation for payment of 
such amount is deemed to have been satisfied and the Authorised Person (or its legal successor) shall in such 
case not be entitled to any additional payment, interest or other proceeds in connection with the safekeeping and 
later payment of the amount.  
8.8 
For the purposes of the Terms and Conditions, a business day means a day on which commercial banks in city 
[Financial Centre] are normally open for business and the TARGET 2 system (Trans-European Automated 
Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System) is open for settling transactions except for a Saturday, 
Sunday and any other day which is considered a public holiday in the Slovak Republic. If the Payment Date, the 
Principal Amount Maturity Date or the Early Maturity Date, as the case may be, falls on a day other than a 
business day, the Payment Date, the Principal Amount Maturity Date or the Early Maturity Date will be deemed 
to fall on the next business day, provided that in this case no additional interest or other additional amounts will 
accrue on the Bonds. 
9. 
Administrator 
9.1 
The activities of the administrator related to the payment of interest income, redemption of the Bonds and 
calculations related to the determination of income shall be provided by the Issuer. 
9.2 
The Issuer reserves the right to designate at any time another or additional Payment Venue or to appoint one or 
more administrators (the Administrator) in relation to one or several issues or only in relation to this activity in 
some countries. The Administrator can only be a bank, a branch of a foreign bank, or another person with the 
required authorisation to do so. If the Issuer appoints an Administrator, it shall enter into an agreement with such 
Administrator (the Administration Agreement) which will regulate the rights and obligations of the Issuer and 
the Administrator to ensure that all of the rights and obligations of the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions, 
the Bonds Act, the Act on Banks, the Securities Act and any other applicable legal regulations are performed. 
The provisions of the Terms and Conditions concerning making payments and other administrative functions 
applicable to the Issuer shall apply to the Administrator mutatis mutandis. The changes to the Administrator and 
the Payment Venue shall be deemed to be the changes of the Payment Venue. The changes must not be 
substantially detrimental to the Holders. The Issuer shall notify the Holders of its decision to appoint the 
Administrator. Any such change shall become effective after the end of a 15-day period after the date of the 
notice, unless a later effective date is specified in the notice. However, any change which would otherwise 
become effective less than 30 days prior to or after the Payment Date of any amount in relation to the Bonds, 
shall become effective on the thirtieth day after such Payment Date. 
9.3 
The Administrator (if appointed) acts as the Issuer’s representative in relation to the performance of the 
obligations arising from the Administration Agreement and unless the Administration Agreement or the law 
provides otherwise, it has no legal relationship with the Holders. The Administrator shall not guarantee the 
Issuer’s obligations under the Bonds or secure them in any other manner. 
9.4 
The Issuer and the Administrator may, without the consent of the Holders, agree on (a) any change of any 
provision of the Administration Agreement if such change is exclusively of a formal, secondary or technical 
nature or if it is made in order to correct a manifest error or required due to changes in legal regulations; and (b) 
any other change and waiver of claims arising from any breach of any provision of the Administration Agreement 
which, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer and the Administrator, will not be detrimental to the Holders. 
10. 
Taxation 
The payments of the Principal Amount and interest from the Bonds are subject to withholding tax, levies or other 
charges if required by the Slovak legal regulations applicable as at the date of their payment.  
[Gross-up – [The Issuer will not be obliged to pay any additional sums to the recipient for the reimbursement 
of these withholdings, taxes, levies or charges.] or [If such withholding or deduction is required by the laws of 
the Slovak Republic, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts to the Holders as will be necessary so that the 
net amount of the principal or interest received by the Holders after such withholding or deduction will equal the 
respective amounts which would otherwise have been received in respect of the Bonds in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction (the Additional Amounts). However, no such Additional Amounts will be payable on 
account of any withheld or deduced tax which:

--- Page 43 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
41 
 
 
(a) 
is payable by any person (including the Issuer) acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf 
of a Holder, or by the Issuer if no custodian bank or collecting agent is appointed or otherwise in any 
manner which does not constitute a payment of tax by way of withholding or deduction by the Issuer 
as tax payer; 
(b) 
is payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal or business connection with 
the Slovak Republic; 
(c) 
is withheld or deducted pursuant to: (i) any European Union directive or other legal instrument of the 
Union law concerning the taxation of distributions income; or (ii) any international treaty relating to 
such taxation and to which the Slovak Republic or the European Union is a party; or (iii) any provision 
of law implementing, or complying with, such directive, legal instrument or treaty;  
(d) 
is payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective more than 30 days after the relevant 
payment in respect of the Bonds becomes due; or  
(e) 
would not be payable if the Holder would provide a certificate of residence, certificate of exemption or 
any other similar documents required according to the respective applicable regulations.]] 
11. 
Limitation 
Any rights arising from the Bonds shall become time-barred after the lapse of the ten-year period from (a) the 
relevant Payment Date in the case of the right to claim an interest payment; or (b) the Principal Amount Maturity 
Date, in the case of the right to claim the payment of the Principal Amount of the Note and extraordinary interest 
(if applicable); and (c) the first day on which such right could have been enforced under the law, in the case of 
any other right as the ones mentioned above. 
12. 
Unilateral modifications 
The Issuer may unilaterally change the Terms and Conditions only if such change is a correction of a manifest 
inaccuracy in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, a change of the designation of the Issuer or the 
Payment Venue, unless the Bonds Act or a special law require otherwise.  
13. 
Meeting  
13.1 
The request to convene a Meeting  
Any Holders whose principal amount is at least 10% of the total aggregate principal amount of the issued and 
outstanding Bonds has the right to request the convening of the Meeting of the Holders of the Bonds (the 
Meeting). The request to convene the Meeting must be delivered to the Issuer and, if appointed, to each 
Administrator. The Holders who have requested a Meeting are required to submit an extract from the records 
demonstrating that they are Holders pursuant to clause 3.1 as of the date of signing of the request along with the 
request to convene the Meeting. 
The request to convene a Meeting may be withdrawn by the relevant Holders, but only if such withdrawal is 
received by the Issuer and, if appointed, also by each Administrator, no later than three business days before the 
Meeting. Withdrawal of the request to convene a Meeting does not affect any other request to convene a Meeting 
by other Holders. If the Meeting does not take place solely due to the withdrawal of the request to convene the 
Meeting, the Holders shall jointly and severally reimburse to the Issuer the costs incurred so far for the 
preparation of the Meeting. 
The Issuer is entitled to convene the Meeting at any time and is obliged to convene the Meeting without undue 
delay if it is in delay with the satisfaction of the rights attached to the Bonds. 
13.2 
Convening of the Meeting 
The Issuer is obliged to promptly convene the Meeting within ten business days of the receipt of the request to 
convene the Meeting. 
The costs of organising and convening the Meeting shall be borne by the Issuer, unless stated otherwise. 
However, the Issuer has the right to demand reimbursement of the costs of convening the Meeting from the 
Holders who have filed the Request to convene the Meeting without serious cause, especially if the Issuer duly 
fulfils the obligations arising from the Terms and Conditions. The costs associated with attending the Meeting 
are covered by each participant himself.

--- Page 44 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
42 
 
 
13.3 
Notice of the Meeting 
The Issuer is obliged to publish the convening notice of the Meeting no later than five Business days prior to the 
date of the Meeting. 
The convening notice of the Meeting must include at least: 
(a) 
name, Identification No. and registered seat of the Issuer; 
(b) 
designation of the Bonds, including at least name of the Note, Issue Date and ISIN; 
(c) 
place, date and hour of the Meeting; place of the Meeting may only be a place in Bratislava, date of the 
Meeting must be a day which is a business day and the time of the Meeting may not be earlier than 9:00 
a.m. and later than 4:00 p.m.; 
(d) 
agenda of the Meeting, whereas the choice of the Chairman of the Meeting must be the first item of the 
agenda of the Meeting; and 
(e) 
The Date of Record for Attending the Meeting (as defined below). 
If there is no reason to convene the Meeting, the convener shall withdraw it in the same way as it was convened. 
In the convening notice of the Meeting, the Issuer may determine the organisational and technical conditions 
under which the Holders may participate in the Meeting using electronic means of distance communication 
allowing a direct remote transmission of audio and video of the Meeting between the Meeting and the Holder. 
13.4 
Attending the Meeting 
(a) 
Persons entitled to attend the Meeting  
Each Holder who has been registered as a Holder of the Bonds pursuant to clause 3.1, except for the 
Issuer itself and any person controlled by the Issuer, is entitled to participate and vote at the Meeting 
(the Person Entitled to Attend the Meeting) on the seventh day prior to the day of the relevant Meeting 
(the Date of Record for Attending the Meeting). Any transfers of the Bonds made after the Date of 
Record for Attending the Meeting are disregarded.  
The Person Entitled to Attend the Meeting may be represented by an attorney who, at the beginning of 
the Meeting, presents and hands over to the Chairman of the Meeting (as defined below) the original of 
a power of attorney with an officially certified signature of the Person Entitled to Attend the Meeting 
or its statutory body, in the case of a legal entity, together with an original or a copy of a valid extract 
from the commercial register or other similar register in which the Person Entitled to Attend the Meeting 
is registered (possibly also the attorney, if a legal entity); this power of attorney is, except for manifest 
deficiencies, an irrefutable proof of the representative’s right to participate and vote at the Meeting on 
behalf of the represented Person Entitled to Attend the Meeting. After the end of the Meeting, the 
Chairman of the Meeting shall hand the power of attorney over to the Issuer’s custody. 
(b) 
Voting right 
The Person Entitled to Attend the Meeting has as many votes out of the total number of the votes that 
corresponds to the ratio between the principal amount of the Bonds it holds as of the Date of Record 
for Attending the Meeting and the total principal amount of the given Issue which is held by other 
Persons Entitled to Attend the Meeting attending the Meeting as of the Date of Record for Attending 
the Meeting.  
(c) 
Attendance of other persons at the Meeting and co-operation of the Issuer 
The Issuer is obliged to attend the Meeting, either through its statutory body or through a duly authorised 
person, and provide the information necessary for the decision or adoption of the Meeting’s opinion. 
Other members of the Issuer’s and/or Administrator’s statutory, supervisory, inspection or management 
body (if appointed), notary and guests invited by the Issuer to participate in the Meeting or any other 
persons whose attendance at the Meeting has been approved by the Issuer, may also attend the Meeting.

--- Page 45 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
43 
 
 
13.5 
Course of the Meeting and adopting decisions 
(a) 
Quorum 
The Meeting has a quorum if attended (including the attendance through electronic means of 
communication in accordance with paragraph (f) below) by the Persons Entitled to Attend the Meeting 
who are, as of the Date of Record for Attending the Meeting, the Holders of the Bonds whose principal 
amount represents more than 50% of the total principal amount of issued and outstanding Bonds of the 
given Issue, except for the Bonds held by any person controlled by the Issuer. Prior to commencement 
of the Meeting, the Issuer will provide information on the number of Bonds in respect of which the 
Persons Entitled to Attend the Meeting are entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting in accordance with 
the Common Terms.  
(b) 
Chairman of the Meeting 
The Meeting is chaired by the Issuer or a person designated by the Issuer until it has been decided at 
the Meeting that another person will become the Chairman of the Meeting (the Chairman of the 
Meeting). Election of the Chairman of the Meeting shall be the first item of the agenda of the Meeting. 
If the election of the Chairman of the Meeting at the Meeting is not successful, the Meeting shall be 
chaired by the Issuer or a person designated by the Issuer until the end of the Meeting. 
(c) 
Adopting decisions at the Meeting 
The Meeting is entitled to decide only on proposed resolutions that fall within the scope of the Meeting 
defined in the Common Terms. The Meeting shall decide only on proposed resolutions referred to in 
the convening notice. Matters that were neither included in the proposed agenda of the Meeting nor 
mentioned in the convening notice can only be decided if the discussion of these points is agreed by all 
attending Persons Entitled to Attend the Meeting who are entitled to vote at this Meeting and if they at 
the same time relate to the items specified in the convening notice of the Meeting.  
The Meeting has the power to decide on the change of the Terms and Conditions of the respective Issue 
of the Bonds only if proposed by the Issuer. The Meeting does not have the power to decide on the early 
redemption of the Principal Amount of the Bonds or a change of other obligations of the Issuer under 
the Bonds. 
The Meeting has also the power, with the consent of the Issuer, to decide on an additional deadline for 
the fulfilment of the Issuer’s obligations under the Bonds or in relation to the Bonds.  
The Meeting decides on the submitted proposals by way of resolutions. For the adoption of a resolution, 
an absolute majority of the votes of the present Persons Entitled to Attend the Meeting is sufficient. 
Any matter submitted to the Meeting shall be decided in the following manner: after the Chairman of 
the Meeting has announced the wording of the proposed resolution, each of the Persons Entitled to 
Attend the Meeting declares, upon the request of the Chairman of the Meeting, whether it (i) is for the 
adoption of the proposed resolution, (ii) is against the adoption of the proposed resolution, or (iii) 
abstains from voting; each such statement is recorded by the attending notary. After the end of the vote 
of all Persons Entitled to Attend the Meeting as described above and after the evaluation of the results, 
the Chairman of the Meeting, upon agreement with the attending notary, shall announce to the Persons 
Entitled to Attend the Meeting whether the proposed resolution has been adopted or rejected by the 
necessary number of the Persons Entitled to Attend the Meeting, such announcement together with the 
record of the attending notary on the result of the vote shall be irreversible and conclusive evidence of 
the result of the vote.  
Any duly adopted resolution is binding on the Issuer and all Holders, regardless of whether they 
attended the Meeting and voted for or did not vote for the resolution at the Meeting. 
In cases specified in the Bonds Act, a Person Entitled to Attend the Meeting who, according to the 
minutes of the Meeting, voted against the proposed resolution at the Meeting or did not attend the 
Meeting, may request that the rights and obligations of the Issuer and the Holder under the original 
Terms and Conditions continue to exist or request early redemption of the Bonds.

--- Page 46 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
44 
 
 
(d) 
Adjourning the Meeting  
The Chairman of the Meeting shall dissolve the Meeting if a duly convened Meeting does not have a 
quorum in accordance with the provisions of (a) above after the lapse of 60 minutes after the time 
specified for the beginning of the Meeting. In such case, the Issuer is obliged to convene a replacement 
Meeting so that it takes place no sooner than two weeks and no later than three weeks from the date on 
which the original Meeting was convened. The replacement Meeting shall be announced in the manner 
set out in clause 13.3. The new Meeting shall resolve and decide under the same terms and in the same 
manner as the dissolved Meeting. 
(e) 
Minutes of the Meeting 
The course of every Meeting (including, but not limited to) (i) the agenda of the Meeting (ii) the 
individual resolutions adopted by the Meeting and (iii) the results of the votes at the Meeting on 
individual resolutions) will be recorded in a notarial deed prepared at the Meeting; one copy will be 
prepared by the attending notary for the Issuer and one for the Administrator, if appointed. Minutes that 
are duly deposited with the Issuer and the Administrator are considered evidence of the facts contained 
in such minutes and, unless proven otherwise, are considered proof that the Meeting recorded has been 
duly convened and/or held, and that all resolutions of such Meeting were adopted subject to all 
conditions and requirements for their adoption in accordance with the Common Terms. The Issuer shall 
publish the adopted decisions within 14 days of the date of preparation of the minutes of the Meeting 
and the complete minutes shall be available to the Holders free of charge in electronic form on the 
designated section of the Issuer’s website https://www.primabanka.sk/o-banke/pre-investorov/pre-
investorov?loc=en. 
(f) 
Attendance and voting at the Meeting through electronic means of distance communication 
If, in the convening notice of the Meeting, the Issuer set out the organisational and technical terms and 
conditions for participation of the Holders in the Meeting through electronic means of distance 
communication, the Person Entitled to Attend the Meeting may participate in and vote at it through 
electronic means of distance communication under the following conditions: 
(i) 
The Person Entitled to Attend the Meeting shall respect the organisational and technical 
conditions and instructions of the Issuer (in particular the hardware and software requirements) 
and will maintain video and audio contact with the Meeting from the start of the Meeting; any 
later registrations of the Person Entitled to Attend the Meeting will not be taken into account; 
(ii) 
The Person Entitled to Attend the Meeting may, if attending the Meeting through electronic 
means of distance communication, not be represented by an attorney, except if the Person 
Entitled to Attend the Meeting notified the Issuer of this fact in writing at least two Business 
Days before the Meeting and at the same time delivered to the Issuer the original of a power 
of attorney with an officially certified signature of the Person Entitled to Attend the Meeting 
or its statutory body, in the case of a legal entity, together with an original or a copy of a valid 
extract from the commercial register or other similar register in which the Person Entitled to 
Attend the Meeting is registered (possibly also the attorney itself, if legal entity); this power 
of attorney is, except for manifest deficiencies, an irrefutable proof of the attorney’s right to 
participate and vote at the Meeting on behalf of the represented Person Entitled to Attend the 
Meeting. 
(iii) 
the two-way communication between the Meeting and the Holder and the transmission of 
video and audio will not be interrupted, delayed and will be sufficient and of sufficient quality, 
which in particular allows the Chairman of the Meeting to verify the identity of the Person 
Entitled to Attend the Meeting and the Person Entitled to Attend the Meeting to participate in 
the discussions and vote on the items on the agenda as well as to view, receive and submit 
documents (in electronic form, if necessary);  
(iv) 
in the event of failure to comply with the condition under (iii) above, the Chairman of the 
Meeting shall be entitled to terminate the participation of the relevant person in the Meeting 
by interrupting the connection, in which case the relevant Person Entitled to Attend the 
Meeting shall be deemed absent from the Meeting;

--- Page 47 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
45 
 
 
(v) 
in the event of any technical failure or other event giving rise to the termination of the video 
and/or audio connection between the Meeting and the Person Entitled to Attend the Meeting, 
such person shall be deemed to be absent from such moment; 
(vi) 
no Person Entitled to Attend the Meeting whose participation in the Meeting has been 
terminated under (iv) or (v) above shall have the right to resume his/her participation in that 
Meeting by re-connecting to the Meeting through electronic means of distance 
communication; the above shall not apply if the relevant connection was interrupted solely for 
reasons on the part of the Issuer; in such a case, the Issuer shall allow the relevant Person 
Entitled to Attend the Meeting to re-establish video and audio contact with the Meeting;  
(vii) 
while the video or audio contact with the Meeting is interrupted, the relevant Person Entitled 
to Attend the Meeting will be deemed to be absent; however, the Issuer is not obliged to 
suspend the course of the Meeting for this reason; 
(viii) 
the Person Entitled to Attend the Meeting shall provide the necessary assistance to the extent 
that the Chairman of the Meeting is able to identify and verify the identity of the Person 
Entitled to Attend the Meeting; 
(ix) 
the Chairman of the Meeting can control how the Meeting proceeds, and determine and 
announce the results of voting; 
The Person Entitled to Attend the Meeting attending the Meeting through electronic means of distance 
communication under the above terms will be deemed to be present at such Meeting. 
14. 
Notices 
14.1 
Any notice, publication or communication by the Issuer addressed to the Holders and any facts material for 
exercising the rights of the Holders will be published at the Issuer’s website. 
14.2 
If the legal regulations require that a notice is also published in another manner, such notice shall be deemed to 
be validly published when it is published in such required manner. If any notice is published by several manners, 
the date of its first publication shall be deemed the date of such notice. The publication date shall also be deemed 
the date of delivery of the notice to the Holders. 
14.3 
The Issuer is obliged to make notices and publications in relation to the Bonds in English or Slovak language or 
bilingually in English and Slovak language if the Bonds were offered on the territory of other Member States of 
the European Union. If it is permitted by the legal regulations, taking into account the nature of a notice 
or publication, the Issuer may decide to make such notice or publication relating to the Bonds in English language 
only. 
14.4 
Any notice to the Issuer in respect of the Bonds must be delivered in writing to the following address: 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
Hodžova 11 
Žilina 010 11 
Slovak Republic 
or to such other address notified to the Holders in a manner described in this clause. 
15. 
Governing law and dispute resolution, language 
15.1 
Any and all rights and obligations arising from the Bonds shall be governed and construed in accordance with 
Slovak law. 
15.2 
Any and all disputes between the Issuer and the Holders arising under or in relation to the Bonds shall be finally 
resolved by the relevant Slovak court. 
15.3 
The English language version of these Terms and Conditions is legally binding and if the Terms and Conditions 
are translated into another language, the English language version of the Terms and Conditions shall prevail in 
the case of any interpretation discrepancies between the Terms and Conditions in English language and the 
Terms and Conditions translated into another language.

--- Page 48 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
46 
 
 
PART B: TRADING, CONDITIONS OF OFFER AND OTHER INFORMATION 
16. 
Admission to trading 
[Admission to trading – [The Issuer will submit an application to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, with its 
registered seat at 35A Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg for the admission of the Bonds to trading on its 
regulated market: [LSE Market] or [The Issuer will submit an application for the admission of the Bonds to 
trading on [Specification of other regulated market].] or [The Issuer will not submit an application for the 
admission of the Bonds to trading on a regulated market.]] [Estimated admission costs – [The Issuer estimates 
the costs associated with the request and admission of the Bonds to trading at [] or [Not applicable].] 
17. 
Conditions of the Offer 
The Bonds will be offered in an offer which is not subject to the obligation to publish the Prospectus within and 
outside the Slovak Republic through [Form of Offer]. [Offer is addressed to – [eligible counterparties] and/or 
[Qualified Investors] and/or [limited group of persons, i.e. less than 150 individuals or legal entities in the 
relevant Member State other than qualified investors]]. 
[Distribution method – [No arrangements have been agreed on as regards the subscription of the issue of the 
Bonds with any entities on the basis of a firm commitment, placement without firm commitment or “best efforts” 
arrangement and the distribution of the Bonds is arranged by the Issuer.] or [[The Issuer] [and] [Financial 
Intermediaries / Dealers / Joint Lead Managers] will distribute the Bonds in the Slovak Republic [and also 
outside the Slovak Republic] in one or several manners to which the obligation to publish a prospectus does not 
apply.] [Information on any subscription agreements]] 
The Issuer has not entered into any firm agreement with any entities to act as intermediaries in the secondary 
trading of the Bonds. The issue of the Bonds shall be deemed successfully subscribed after the expiration of the 
relevant Settlement Date even in the event that the Aggregate Amount of the Issue has not been fully subscribed 
by the investors.  
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors] 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors] 
18. 
Additional information 
(a) 
Interest of individuals and legal entities involved in the issue.  
As of the date of the Prospectus, the Issuer is not aware of any interest of any individual or legal entity 
participating in the Programme that would be material to the Programme/offer. 
[Stabilisation Manager – [Not applicable. No Stabilisation Manager has been appointed in connection with the 
issue of the Bonds.] or [Stabilisation Manager]] 
[Description of other interests] 
(b) 
[Third party information and expert reports] 
(c) 
[Approvals for the Issue of the Bonds] 
(d) 
Credit Rating of the Bonds. No public credit rating is assigned to the Issuer. [Credit rating assigned to the 
Bonds – [The Bonds are not rated.] or [It is expected that the Bonds will be rated [] by [].] or [Other 
information about the credit rating assigned to the Bonds].]  
(e) 
Advisors. The issuer has not used services of any advisor. [Information on other advisers] 
(f) 
Consent given to financial intermediaries. The Issuer has not given any consent to any financial intermediaries 
to use the Prospectus for the subsequent resale or final placement of the Bonds. 
The Issuer may use financial intermediaries for the placement of the Bonds in the Slovak Republic as well as in 
other Member States of the European Union, but always only in one or several manners defined in Article 1(4) 
of the Prospectus Regulation which is exempt from the obligation to publish a prospectus. 
(g) 
Stabilisation. If the Stabilisation Manager has been appointed with regards to the issuance of Bonds, this person 
or persons acting on his behalf may take stabilisation transactions (purchases or sales) related to Bonds with a 
view to support the market prices of Bonds at the level higher than would otherwise prevail without taking such

--- Page 49 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
47 
 
 
actions. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager or any other person will take 
stabilisation transactions. Stabilisation transactions may be performed from the date of reasonable disclosure 
of the terms concerning the Note issuance and ends 30 calendar days from the date of issuance and settlement of 
the Note issuance at the latest or (i.e. when the Issuer gains the proceeds) 60 calendar days from the date of the 
Note allocation to individual investors in accordance with their orders, whichever is the earlier. Any potential 
stabilisation transactions shall be performed only in accordance with applicable legislation requirements.

--- Page 50 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
48 
 
 
8. 
FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS 
The Form of the Final Terms which will be prepared for each issue of the Bonds to be issued on the basis of the 
Prospectus under the Programme is set out below. These Final Terms will contain the relevant information for 
each particular issue of the Bonds. The Final Terms will be prepared and published for each individual issue of 
the Bonds issued under the Programme prior to the commencement of the issue of the Bonds. 
If certain information from the form of the Final Terms below is of no relevance in relation to a particular issue, 
it will state “Not applicable”. This symbol “[]” is used to designate those parts of the Final Terms which will 
be filled in. 
If, with regard to the concerned information item, it is stated “(selection of option from the Common Terms)” it 
means that such information is included in the Common Terms in the relevant information block with several 
options and only the option that is relevant for the given issue will be included in the Final Terms 
 Information regarding the supplement to the Prospectus (if any) stated below in square brackets will be provided 
in the Final Terms only if one or more supplements to the Prospectus are made. 
 
[the form of the Final Terms is provided on the next page]

--- Page 51 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
49 
 
 
FINAL TERMS 
[Date] 
 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
Title of the Bonds: [] 
issued under the EUR 3,000,000,000 Covered Bonds Issuance Programme  
under the base prospectus dated [] December 2022 
Total issue amount: [] 
ISIN: SK[] 
These Final Terms were prepared for the purposes of Article 8(4) and (5) of the Prospectus Regulation and in order to 
obtain comprehensive information, they must be read, considered and interpreted in conjunction with the base prospectus 
(the Prospectus) to the covered bonds issuance programme issued from time to time or repeatedly by the company Prima 
banka Slovensko, a.s. (the Issuer).  
The Prospectus and its supplements (if any) are available in electronic form at the designated section of the Issuer’s 
website https://www.primabanka.sk//o-banke/pre-investorov/pre-investorov?loc=en. The information regarding the 
Issuer, the Bonds and their offer is only complete in combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus and its 
supplements (if any).  
The Prospectus was approved by the National Bank of Slovakia by its decision [] dated []. [The Prospectus Supplement 
No.: [] was approved by the National Bank of Slovakia by its decision [] dated []]. 
This part of the Final Terms, including the used defined terms, must be read in conjunction with the Common Terms 
contained in the Prospectus. 
The risk factors related to the Issuer and the Bonds are listed in clause 2 of the Prospectus, “Risk Factors”. 
If there are any discrepancies between the Final Terms in Slovak and the Final Terms translated into any other language, 
the English language version of the Final Terms shall prevail. 
The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, IDD), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 52 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
50 
 
 
MiFID II Product Governance 
MiFID II monitoring of the creation and distribution of a financial instrument: The Issuer, as a manufacturer of a 
financial instrument, has evaluated solely for the purposes of the approval process of a financial instrument under the 
Securities Act that the determined (i) target market for the Bonds is [professional clients] [,][and] [eligible counterparties], 
and (ii) the distribution channels for the Bonds are [all distribution channels for professional clients and eligible 
counterparties] [,] [personal sale at the Issuer’s branches] [,] [and] [sale through technical facilities through the [] 
department of the Issuer] [, with the sale being performed as [sale without advice] [,][and] [sale with provision of 
investment advice]]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (each a Distributor) must 
take into account the evaluation of the nature of the financial instrument, investment service and target market by the 
manufacturer of the product, and the Distributor is responsible for taking appropriate measures so that the Bonds are 
distributed through appropriate distribution channels in accordance with the characteristics, objectives and needs of the 
target market identified by the Issuer. The Distributor of financial instruments is required to provide the Issuer with 
information on the distribution of financial instruments. The Bonds are not for distribution to non-professional clients. 
[Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
PART A: PROVISIONS SUPPLEMENTING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BONDS 
This part of the Final Terms together with Part A (Information about securities) of the Common Terms shall constitute 
the terms and conditions of the relevant issue of the Bonds. 
Clause 1: Basic information, form and manner of issue of the Bonds 
ISIN (1.1): 
[] 
FISN (1.1) 
[] / Not applicable. 
Common Code (1.1) 
[] / Not applicable. 
Depository (1.2): 
[] 
Principal amount (1.3): 
[] 
Number of Securities in the Issue (1.3): 
[] 
Name (1.5): 
[] 
Aggregate Amount of the Issue (1.6): 
[] 
Estimated Net Proceeds from the Issue 
(1.6): 
[] 
Issue Price in % (1.8): 
[] 
Information about the accrued interest 
(1.8): 
[] / Not applicable. 
Issue Date (1.9): 
[] 
Clause 5: Representations and undertakings of the Issuer 
Overcollateralization (5.3): 
[ (selection of option from the Common Terms) 
[The Issuer undertakes to maintain the cover ratio (in Slovak: ukazovateľ 
krytia) in respect of the Bonds at least in accordance with the Act on Banks 
and other applicable Slovak laws.] or [The Issuer undertakes to maintain

--- Page 53 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
51 
 
 
the cover ratio (in Slovak: ukazovateľ krytia) in respect of the Bonds at 
least at the level of [].] 
Clause 6: Interest 
Determination of interest (6.1): 
[ (selection of option from the Common Terms) 
[The Bonds bear a fixed interest rate throughout their life, in the amount 
of [Rate]% p. a.] (the Interest Rate).]  
or for zero coupon Bonds): [The Bonds have no interest rate and their 
interest is determined as the difference between the Principal Amount of 
the Bonds and their Issue Price. The provisions of clauses 6.2 to 6.9 and 
any reference to interest or its payment shall in this case not be applicable 
to the Bonds.]  
or for the floating rate Bonds: [The Bonds bear interest at the floating rate 
set as the sum of the Reference Rate and the Margin of [Reference Rate 
and Margin]% p. a. (the Interest Rate). The Reference Rate will be set 
for the first time [Reference Rate Setting Deadline] before the Issue Date 
and subsequently set [Reference Rate Setting Deadline] before the 
applicable Payment Date for the following Interest Period (the Reference 
Rate Setting Date). The current floating Interest Rate for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be notified by the Issuer to the Holders promptly.]] 
Yield to Maturity (6.2): 
[] / Not applicable. 
Interest Payment Frequency (6.2): 
[] / Not applicable. 
Interest Payment Date(s) (6.2): 
[] / Not applicable. 
First Interest Payment Date (6.2): 
[] / Not applicable. 
Convention (6.2): 
[] / Not applicable. 
Screen page (6.5): 
[] / Not applicable. 
Relevant value (6.5): 
[ (selection of option from the Common Terms) 
[the value of the fixing of the interest rates for sale on the interbank market 
for deposits for the relevant currency for the relevant period] or [the value 
of mid-swap interest rate (the average of bid and offer swap rate) for the 
fixed part of swap transaction, where the fixed rate is changed into a 
floating rate in the relevant currency for the relevant period] or [Not 
applicable.]] 
Further information on early 
redemption if it is impossible to 
determine the Substitute Reference 
Rate (6.7): 
[] / Not applicable. 
Clause 7: Maturity of the Bonds 
Method of Redemption (7.1): 
[] 
Maturity Date (7.1): 
[] 
Repurchase (7.2): 
[] 
[Repurchase – [The Issuer has the right to purchase any of the Notes on 
the secondary market at any market price any time prior to the Principal 
Amount Maturity Date.] 
Early redemption of the Bonds by the 
Issuer (7.3): 
[ (selection of option from the Common Terms)

--- Page 54 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
52 
 
 
 
[The Issuer is, on the basis of its decision, entitled to early redeem all (not 
only some) Bonds issued and outstanding as of [Early Redemption 
Date(s)] (the Early Maturity Date). The Issuer is obliged to announce 
such decision to the Holders no sooner than 60 days and no later than 30 
days prior to the relevant Early Maturity Date.] The Issuer’s notification 
of the early redemption of the Bonds and of the Early Maturity Date is 
irrevocable and obliges the Issuer to early redeem the entire issue in 
respect of which the notification was made. On the Early Maturity Date, 
the Issuer shall pay to each Holder [(i) 100.00% of Principal Amount of 
the Bonds; and (ii) the extraordinary interest of [Extraordinary Interest 
Amount in %]] of the Principal Amount of the Bonds or [Other 
Determination of the Early Redemption Amount]. The provisions of 
clause 8 shall apply accordingly to the early redemption of the Bonds.]  
or [The Issuer is entitled to early redeem all (not only some) Bonds issued 
and outstanding as of [Early Redemption Date(s)] (the Early Maturity 
Date) only if (a) on the occasion of the next payment due under the Bonds, 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in clause 10 as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Slovak Republic or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after 
the date of the issues of the first tranche of the Bonds and (b) such 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it. The Issuer is obliged to announce such decision to the 
Holders no sooner than 60 days and no later than 30 days prior to the 
relevant Early Maturity Date. The Issuer’s notification of the early 
redemption of the Bonds and of the Early Maturity Date is irrevocable 
and obliges the Issuer to early redeem the entire issue in respect of which 
the notification was made. On the Early Maturity Date, the Issuer shall 
pay to each Holder 100.00% of Principal Amount of the Bonds and any 
accrued interest until that date. The provisions of clause 8 shall apply 
accordingly to the early redemption of the Bonds.] 
or [Not applicable. The Issuer may not, on the basis of its decision, 
redeem the Bonds early.]] 
Clause 8: Payment Terms and Conditions 
Financial Centre: 
[] 
Clause 10: Taxation 
Gross-up: 
[ (selection of option from the Common Terms) 
[The Issuer will not be obliged to pay any additional sums to the recipients 
for the reimbursement of these withholdings, taxes, levies or charges.]  
or [If such withholding or deduction is required by the laws of the Slovak 
Republic, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts to the Holder as will 
be necessary so that the net amount of the principal or interest received by 
the Holders after such withholding or deduction will be equal to the 
respective amounts which would otherwise have been received in respect 
of the Bonds in the absence of such withholding or deduction (the 
Additional Amounts). However, no such Additional Amounts will be 
payable on account of any withheld or deduced tax which: 
(a) 
is payable by any person (including the Issuer) acting as 
custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or by 
the Issuer if no custodian bank or collecting agent is appointed

--- Page 55 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
53 
 
 
or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a payment 
of tax by way of withholding or deduction by the Issuer as tax 
payer; 
(b) 
is payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, any 
personal or business connection with the Slovak Republic; 
(c) 
is withheld or deducted pursuant to: (i) any European Union 
directive or other legal instrument of the Union law concerning 
the taxation of distributions income; or (ii) any international 
treaty relating to such taxation and to which the Slovak Republic 
or the European Union is a party; or (iii) any provision of law 
implementing, or complying with, such directive, legal 
instrument or treaty;  
(d) 
is payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective 
more than 30 days after the relevant payment in respect of the 
Bonds becomes due; or  
(e) 
would not be payable if the Holder would provide a certificate of 
residence, certificate of exemption or any other similar 
documents required according to the respective applicable 
regulations.] 
PART B:  
PROVISIONS SUPPLEMENTING TRADING, CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER AND OTHER 
INFORMATION 
Clause 16: Admission to trading 
Admission to trading: 
[ (selection of option from the Common Terms) 
[The Issuer will submit an application to Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
with its registered seat at 35A Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg, 
for the admission of the Bonds to trading on its regulated market: [LSE 
Market] or [The Issuer will submit an application for the admission of 
the Bonds to trading on [Specification of other regulated market].] or 
[The Issuer will not submit an application for the admission of the Bonds 
to trading on a regulated market.]] 
Estimated admission costs: 
[ (selection of option from the Common Terms) 
[The Issuer estimates the costs associated with the request and admission 
of the Bonds to trading at [] or [Not applicable].] 
Clause 17: Conditions of the Offer 
Form of Offer: 
[] 
Offer is addressed to: 
[ (selection of option from the Common Terms) 
[eligible counterparties] and/or [Qualified Investors] and/or [limited 
group of persons, i.e. less than 150 individuals or legal entities in the 
relevant Member State other than Qualified Investors]] 
Distribution method: 
[ (selection of option from the Common Terms) 
[No arrangements have been agreed on as regards the subscription of the 
issue of the Bonds with any entities on the basis of a firm commitment, 
placement without firm commitment or “best efforts” arrangement and 
the distribution of the Bonds is arranged by the Issuer.] or [[The Issuer] 
[and] [Financial Intermediaries / Dealers / Joint Lead Managers] will 
distribute the Bonds in the Slovak Republic [and also outside the Slovak 
Republic] in one or several manners to which the obligation to publish a

--- Page 56 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
54 
 
 
prospectus does not apply.] [Information on any subscription 
agreements]] 
Clause 18: Additional Information 
Stabilisation Manager: 
[ (selection of option from the Common Terms) 
[Not applicable. No Stabilisation Manager has been appointed in 
connection with the issue of the Bonds.] or [Stabilisation Manager]] 
Description of other interests: 
[] / Not applicable. 
Third party information and expert 
reports: 
[] / Not applicable. 
Approvals for the Issue of the Bonds: 
[] / Not applicable. 
Credit rating assigned to the Bonds: 
[ (selection of option from the Common Terms) 
[The Bonds are not rated.] or [It is expected that the Bonds will be rated 
[] by [].] or [Other information about the credit rating assigned 
to the Bonds]. 
Information on other advisers: 
[] 
In Bratislava on []. 
 
 
______________________ 
______________________ 
Name: [Name and surname] 
Title: [] 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
Name: [Name and surname] 
Title: [] 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s.

--- Page 57 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
55 
 
 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
9.1 
Restrictions in the distribution of the Prospectus and offering of the Bonds 
The distribution of the Prospectus and the offering, sale and purchase of the Bonds in certain jurisdictions is 
restricted by law. The Bonds have not been and will not be registered, permitted or approved by any 
administrative or other authority of any jurisdiction other than the approval of the Prospectus by the NBS. The 
Issuer may, at any time after the Prospectus has been approved, request the NBS to notify the approval of the 
Prospectus to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF) or any other competent authority 
of another Member State of the EEA for the purpose of admitting the Programme or Bonds for trading on a 
regulated market in that other Member State. 
Therefore, the Bonds may only be offered in a jurisdiction other than the Slovak Republic if the legal regulations 
of this other jurisdiction do not require the approval or notification of the Prospectus and also subject to the 
compliance with any and all requirements pursuant to the legal regulations of such other jurisdiction.  
Persons who obtain possession of the Prospectus are required to become acquainted with and observe any 
restrictions that may be relevant to them. 
The Prospectus itself does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy the Bonds in any 
jurisdiction. Each person acquiring the Bonds shall be deemed to declare and agree that (i) such person has 
understood any and all relevant restrictions related to the offer and sale of the Bonds which apply to him/her/it 
and to the relevant form of offer or sale; (ii) that such person will neither offer for sale nor further sell the Bonds 
without complying with any and all relevant restrictions which apply to such person and the relevant form of 
offer and sale; and (iii) prior to further offering or selling the Bonds, such person will inform the buyers of the 
fact that further offers or sales of the Bonds may be subject to statutory restrictions in different jurisdictions 
which must be observed. 
In addition to above, all acquirers of the Bonds are required by the Issuer to comply with the provisions of all 
applicable legal regulations (including Slovak legal regulations), where they will distribute, make available or 
otherwise circulate the Prospectus, including any Prospectus Supplements, individual Final Terms or other 
offering or promotional materials or information related to the Bonds, always at their own expense and regardless 
of whether the Prospectus or Prospectus Supplements, individual Final Terms or other offering or promotional 
materials or information related to the Bonds are in written, electronic or any other form.  
The Prospectus has been prepared on the assumption that any offer of the Bonds in other Member States of the 
European Union will only be made in one or several manners defined in Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, which is exempt from the requirement to publish a prospectus. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any of the Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Applicable", each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Bonds which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Bonds. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any of the Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, a Relevant State), each Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in

--- Page 58 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
56 
 
 
relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Bonds to the public 
in that Relevant State: 
(c) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Bonds specify that an offer of those Bonds may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a Public Offer), following 
the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Bonds which has been approved by the 
competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State 
and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating such Public Offer, in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or 
final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public 
Offer; 
(d) 
Qualified Investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(e) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(f) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of the Bonds referred to in (d) to (f) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Bonds to the public in relation to any Bonds in 
any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Bonds and the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United States of America 
The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the U.S. 
Securities Act) and may not be offered or sold within the United States of America or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the U.S. 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the U.S. 
Securities Act. 
Each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, it will not offer, sell 
or deliver the Bonds, (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion 
of the distribution of all the Bonds of the given tranche of which such Bonds are a part within the United States 
of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to agree that it will send to each Dealer to which it sells the Bonds during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Bonds 
within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any series of Bonds an offer or sale of such Bonds 
within the United States of America by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise that in accordance 
with an available exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act. 
The United Kingdom - Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any of the Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Applicable", each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Bonds which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 59 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
57 
 
 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Bonds. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any of the Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Applicable", each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus 
as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make 
an offer of such Bonds to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Bonds referred to above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Bonds to the public in relation to any Bonds 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Bonds and the 
expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA.  
The United Kingdom - Other Regulatory Restrictions 
Each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA)) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Bonds in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply 
to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
General 
Other than with respect to the admission to listing, trading and/or quotation by such one or more listing 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, no action 
has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer that would permit a public offering of 
Bonds, or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose hands the Prospectus or any Final Terms comes 
are required by the Issuer to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or 
from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Bonds or have in their possession or distribute such offering 
material, in all cases at their own expenses. 
Each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge) 
comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases,

--- Page 60 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
58 
 
 
offers, sells or delivers Bonds or possesses or distributes the Prospectus, any offering material or any Final 
Terms, and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery 
by it of Bonds under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it 
makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of the Issuer, and any of the other Dealers shall have 
any responsibility therefore. 
The Issuer does not represent that Bonds may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or 
assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
9.2 
MiFID II target market 
The Final Terms will provide basic data on the analysis of the target market for the Bonds and the suitability of 
the distribution of the Bonds. Any person who subsequently sells or recommends the Bonds (the Distributor) 
should take into account this target market analysis. However, any Distributor subject to the rules of 
Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended, including all its statutory instruments 
and implementations into relevant national law (MiFID II), is responsible for carrying out its own analysis of 
the target market in respect of the Bonds (either by adopting or improving the target market assessment) and 
identifying their own appropriate distribution channels. The Issuer will only be responsible as the manufacturer 
of the product in relation to the offering of the Bonds that it itself carries out.

--- Page 61 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
59 
 
 
10. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF TAXATION IN THE SLOVAK REPUBLIC 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the Issuer’s 
country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from the Bonds. 
The following summary includes general information regarding current tax and payment matters of the Slovak 
legal regulations relating to the acquisition, ownership and disposal of the Bonds applicable in the Slovak 
Republic as at the date of this Prospectus and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of its 
aspects. The information provided is subject to any changes in the applicable legal regulations that may become 
effective after the date of this Prospectus. This summary does not describe tax and payment matters under the 
laws of any other country than the Slovak Republic. 
The Holders are recommended to consult the provisions of the applicable legal regulations with their own 
advisors, in particular as regards tax and foreign exchange regulations and regulations regarding social and 
health insurance applicable in the Slovak Republic and in the countries of their residence, as well as in countries 
in which the income from the holding and sale of the Bonds may be subject to tax, and implications of their 
application. The Holders are required to keep themselves informed of any laws and other legal regulations which 
in particular regulate the holding of the Bonds and economic rights to the Bonds and the sale and purchase of 
the Bonds on ongoing basis and to comply with these laws and other legal regulations. 
The income on the Bonds will be taxed pursuant to the law applicable at the time of its payment. Currently, such 
income is pursuant to Act No. 595/2003 Coll. on Income Tax, as amended (the Income Tax Act), taxed as 
follows: 
 
income on the Bonds realised by a tax non-resident (the Tax Non-Resident) not engaged in business 
through a permanent establishment in Slovakia is not subject to income tax in the Slovak Republic; 
 
income on the Bonds realised by a tax Resident (the Tax Resident) that is a legal entity, forms part of 
the tax base of such taxpayer and is subject to a 21% income tax; 
 
income on the Bonds realised by a Tax Non-Resident engaged in business through a permanent 
establishment in Slovakia may be subject to a tax rate of 35%, as applicable; the tax guarantee shall be 
made by a taxpayer that makes, remits or credits the payments to the given taxpayer. 
The Issuer is liable for the withholding of tax unless the Bonds are, as part of custodianship services, held in a 
custody account of the securities trader; in such a case, the securities trader is liable for withholding the tax. In 
individual cases, a yield on the Bonds may arise to an individual – Tax Resident without the tax from it being 
subject to tax withholding and the yield is included in the tax base of the individual (e.g. a note sold on the 
secondary market, under special terms or a yield arising on the maturity of a security calculated from the 
difference between the principal amount of the security and the issue price on its issue date). The taxpayer not 
incorporated or established for business purposes or the NBS is liable for the withholding of tax in respect of the 
income on the Bonds realised by this taxpayer not incorporated or established for business purposes or the NBS.  
Pursuant to Council Directive 2011/16/EU on administrative cooperation in the field of taxation and repealing 
Directive 77/799/EEC on automatic exchange of information (DAC2) and pursuant to the agreement entered 
into between the Slovak Republic and the United States of America to improve compliance with international 
tax legislation, which were implemented to the Act No. 359/2015 Coll. on automatic exchange of financial 
account information for purposes of tax administration, the Issuer provides the local tax administrator with 
selected information about clients from EU Member States and clients from other selected countries, including 
the USA, for the previous year, annually by 30 June of the relevant year.  
Income from sale of the Bonds realised by a legal entity being a Slovak Tax Resident or a permanent 
establishment of a Tax Non-Resident is included in the tax base and is subject to a 21% tax rate. In general, 
losses from the sale of the Bonds calculated on a cumulative basis for all Bonds sold in an individual tax period 
are not recognisable for tax purposes, except for specific cases stipulated by law (e.g., loss from the sale of the 
Bonds is recognisable for tax purposes if it is not higher than the yield on the Bonds included in the tax base 
until its sale or maturity). 
Generally, income from the sale of the Bonds realised by a Slovak Tax Non-Resident coming from a Slovak Tax 
Resident or a permanent establishment of the Slovak Tax Non-Resident is subject to the applicable income tax 
rate, unless the international double taxation treaty entered into by the Slovak Republic provides otherwise.

--- Page 62 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
60 
 
 
11. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
11.1 
Completeness of the Prospectus. The Prospectus is to be read together with any supplements to the Prospectus 
as well as documents and information incorporated herein by reference. Comprehensive information regarding 
the Issuer and the Bonds may only be obtained from the combination of the Prospectus (including supplements 
to the Prospectus and documents and information incorporated by reference) and the relevant Final Terms. 
11.2 
Approval of information and Prospectus updates. The provision of representations or information relating to 
the Issuer or the Bonds other than those contained herein has not been approved by the Issuer. No other 
information or representation may be relied upon as having been approved by the Issuer. The submission of the 
Prospectus at any time does not mean that information contained herein is accurate at any time after the date of 
this Prospectus. Unless provided otherwise, any and all information contained herein is provided as at the date 
of this Prospectus. The Prospectus may be updated pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation in the 
form of a Prospectus supplement. Any Prospectus supplement must be approved by the NBS and subsequently 
published.  
11.3 
Validity of the Prospectus. With the approval of this Prospectus by the NBS and its publication by the Issuer, 
the validity of the previous basic prospectus prepared by the Issuer for the Programme ends. 
11.4 
Reference rate administrators. Amounts payable on the Bonds with a floating interest rate will be calculated 
with reference to the Reference rates, for example EURIBOR, as specified in more detail in the relevant Final 
Terms. At the date of this Prospectus, used Reference Rate administrators are registered in the ESMA register 
of administrators under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment funds. 
11.5 
No investment recommendation. Neither the Prospectus nor any financial information provided in respect of 
the Programme or the issue of the Bonds is intended to provide the basis for any credit or other evaluation of the 
Issuer or the Bonds and may not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer that any recipient of the 
Prospectus or any financial information regarding the Issuer should buy the Bonds. Each potential purchaser of 
the Bonds should evaluate for itself the relevance of the information contained in the Prospectus or any financial 
information regarding the Issuer, and its purchase of the Bonds should be based on any such review as it deems 
necessary. 
11.6 
Credit rating of the Bonds. The Bonds are expected to be rated, and such rating, as well as the credit rating 
agency which has assigned it, will be specified in the Final Terms. The rating cannot be considered a 
recommendation to purchase, sell or hold the securities and may be subject to suspension, downgrade or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning credit rating agency. Whether or not the rating applied for in relation to 
the relevant issue of the Bonds will be assigned by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under the CRA Regulation is disclosed in the Final Terms. ESMA is obliged to publish on its website 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/ a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in compliance with the 
CRA Regulation. The ESMA website is neither incorporated by a reference in nor does form part of the 
Prospectus.  
11.7 
Yield to Maturity. The yield to maturity specified in the relevant Final Terms of the relevant issue of the Bonds 
with a fixed interest rate shall be calculated as the internal rate of return of the relevant Bonds as at the Issue 
Date. The internal rate of return is defined as the discount rate in which the current value of all future cash flows 
from the Bonds is equal to the initial investments in them. As set out above, the yield to maturity is calculated 
as at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. Such calculation of the yield cannot be deemed as the 
indication of the actual future yield on the Bonds. 
11.8 
Approval of the Programme by the Issuer’s bodies. The establishment of the Programme was approved by 
the Issuer’s Board of Directors on 12 July 2019. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all 
necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Bonds. 
11.9 
Administrator of the covered bonds programme. The Act on Banks requires that the NBS appoints an 
independent individual as an administrator (in Slovak: správca) overseeing certain aspects of the covered bonds 
programme as well as his/her deputy. The NBS has appointed Ing. Marian Hablák as the administrator and Ing. 
Marian Štefanec as the deputy administrator of the covered bonds programme of the Issuer. The administrator is 
inter alia required to prepare a written certificate evidencing that the coverage of the Bonds is secured in 
accordance with the Act on Banks and that an entry in the Register of Covered Bonds has been made prior to

--- Page 63 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
61 
 
 
any issue of the Bonds. The administrator also verifies whether the Issuer discharges its obligations arising from 
the Bonds in compliance with the applicable legislation. 
11.10 
International Central Securities Depositories. The Bonds may also be settled and held through international 
central depositories such as Euroclear or Clearstream, which have direct or indirect links with the Slovak Central 
Depository. Indirect link is usually maintained through a manager holding the Bonds for Euroclear or 
Clearstream on the holding (custody) account held with the Slovak Central Depository. Persons holding any 
Bonds in their Euroclear and/or Clearstream accounts may only exercise their rights against the Issuer through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream or through the relevant manager holding these Bonds for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream. In any event, the exercise of these rights will be subject to the Euroclear or Clearstream operating 
rules and the applicable governing law. 
11.11 
Forward-Looking Statements. This Prospectus may contain forward-looking statements, including (without 
limitation) statements identified by the use of terminology such as "anticipates", "believes", "estimates", 
"expects", "intends", "may", "plans", "projects", "will", "would" or similar words and expressions. These 
statements are based on the Issuer’s current expectations and projections about future events and involve 
substantial uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, contained herein regarding the 
Issuer’s strategy, goals, plans, future financial position, projected revenues and costs or prospects are forward-
looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties, some of which 
cannot be predicted or quantified. Future events or actual results could differ materially from those set forth in, 
contemplated by or underlying forward-looking statements. The Issuer does not undertake any obligation to 
publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. 
11.12 
Presentation of financial information and rounding. Unless provided otherwise, any and all financial 
information of the Issuer is based on the International Financial Reporting Standards IFRS or IAS 34 (in the case 
of interim financial data). Certain values included in the Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments. 
Accordingly, the values given for the same information item presented in different tables may slightly vary and 
the values given as totals in certain tables may not represent the arithmetic sum of these values. 
11.13 
Information from third parties. The Issuer used in clause 2.1 “Risk factors associated with the Issuer”, in 
clause 2.2 “Risk factors associated with the Bonds” and in clause 4.3 “Business overview” following third party 
information: 
 
the Ministry of Finance of the Slovak Republic, at https://www.mfsr.sk/en/; 
 
the NBS, at www.nbs.sk; 
 
the European Central Bank, at https://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html;  
 
the Statistical Office of the Slovak Republic, at www.slovak.statistics.sk; 
 
Go4Insight research procured by the Issuer. 
 
2 muse research procured by the Issuer 
The Issuer confirms that third party information has been accurately reproduced and to the best knowledge of 
the Issuer, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The Issuer, however, cannot guarantee accuracy and correctness of such reproduced information. 
11.14 
Expert reports. The Prospectus does not contain any statement or report attributed to a person acting as an 
expert. Except for the information extracted from the audited financial statements of the Issuer, the Prospectus 
does not contain any audited information and no auditor’s report has been prepared thereon. 
11.15 
Publications concerning the Cover Pool and the Covered Bonds. The information regarding the Cover Pool 
and the Covered Bonds will be published by the Issuer to the extent required under the Act on Banks and other 
applicable regulation in separate section on its website https://www.primabanka.sk//o-banke/pre-investorov/pre-
investorov?loc=en. None of the information published by the Issuer pursuant to the preceding sentence is 
incorporated in the Prospectus by reference or forms a part thereof. 
11.16 
Language of the Prospectus. The Prospectus has been prepared and will be approved by the NBS in the English 
language. If the Prospectus is translated into another language, the English language version of the Prospectus 
shall prevail in the case of any interpretation discrepancies between the Prospectus in English and the Prospectus 
translated into another language.

--- Page 64 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
62 
 
 
11.17 
Assessment of the investment. A potential investor should responsibly consider (or together with its advisors) 
any investment in the Bonds issued by the Issuer, in light of its own circumstances. It is particularly necessary 
for the investor to: 
(a) 
have sufficient skills and experience to make an appropriate evaluation of the Bonds, risks related to 
them and information contained (or incorporated by reference) in the Prospectus and the Final Terms, 
and any Supplement thereto; 
(b) 
have knowledge of and access to appropriate analytical tools to evaluate investments in the Bonds and 
be able to evaluate the effect of the investment in the Bonds on its financial situation and/or its overall 
investment portfolio, always in the context of its particular financial situation; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all the risks related to the investment in the 
Bonds, including the potential volatility of the value of the Bonds; 
(d) 
be aware that if a loan or credit is used to finance the purchase of the Bonds, it may happen that the cost 
of such a loan or credit may exceed the yield earned from Bonds; potential investor should not presume 
that they will be able to repay loan or credit and relevant interest from the earnings from investment in 
the Bonds; 
(e) 
fully understand the relevant terms and conditions of the Bonds (including the relevant Final Terms) 
and be familiar with the functioning of the relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(f) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or in cooperation with its financial advisor) possible scenarios of 
development of the economy, interest rates and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability 
to bear relevant risks. 
11.18 
Negative pledge, cross-default. The Terms and Conditions of any issue of the Bonds do not contain any negative 
pledge or cross-default clauses. 
11.19 
Enforcement of private claims against the Issuer. Slovak courts shall have jurisdiction for the purposes of 
enforcement of any private claims against the Issuer related to the purchase or holding of the Bonds. Any and 
all rights and obligations of the Issuer against the Holders shall be governed by Slovak law. As a result, there is 
only a limited possibility of claiming rights against the Issuer in proceedings before foreign courts or pursuant 
to a foreign law. Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
12 December 2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgements in civil and commercial 
matters (recast) (the Brussels I Recast), is directly applicable in the Slovak Republic. Pursuant to the Brussels I 
Recast, save for certain exceptions stated therein, judicial decisions issued by judicial bodies in the EU Member 
States in civil and commercial matters are enforceable in the Slovak Republic, and vice versa, the judicial 
decisions issued by judicial bodies in the Slovak Republic in civil and commercial matters are enforceable in the 
EU Member States. If, for the purposes of the recognition and enforcement of a foreign decision the application 
of the Brussels I Recast is excluded, but the Slovak Republic entered into an international treaty on the 
recognition and enforcement of court decisions with a certain country, the enforcement of a judicial decision of 
such country is ensured in accordance with the provisions of the given treaty. If such treaty does not exist, the 
decisions of foreign courts may be recognised and enforced in the Slovak Republic subject to the terms and 
conditions set out in Act No. 97/1963 Coll. on Private and Procedural International Law, as amended. Pursuant 
to this Act, decisions of judicial bodies of foreign states in matters set out in the provisions of Section 1 of the 
Act on Private and Procedural International Law, foreign reconciliations and foreign notarial deeds (for the 
purposes of this paragraph jointly the foreign decisions), cannot be recognised and enforced if (a) the subject 
matter of the decision falls within the exclusive jurisdiction of the bodies of the Slovak Republic or the body of 
a foreign state would not have jurisdiction to decide over the case if the provisions of Slovak law applied to the 
assessment of its jurisdiction; or (b) they are not valid and effective or enforceable in the state in which they 
have been issued; (c) they are not decisions on the merits of the case; or (d) a party to the proceeding against 
whom a decision is to be recognised was deprived of the option to appear before such authority, mainly if it was 
not served with a summons for a hearing or a statement of claim; the court does not assess whether this condition 
has been met if a foreign decision has been duly served to such party to the proceeding and the party has not 
filed an appeal against it or if such a party has declared that it does not insist on the review of such requirement; 
or if (e) the Slovak court has already decided the case by a valid and effective decision or there is an earlier

--- Page 65 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
63 
 
 
foreign decision in the same case which has been recognised or meets the requirements for its recognition; or (f) 
the recognition would be in conflict with the Slovak public order.  
This summary contains only general information to describe the legal situation. The relevant legislation is 
subject to change. The summary does not take into account the individual status of any Holder. Investors should 
not rely on this information and are recommended to assess the issues regarding the enforcement of private 
claims against the Issuer with their legal advisors.

--- Page 66 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
64 
 
 
12. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
In the Prospectus, specifically in its clause 4.13 headed “Financial information concerning assets and liabilities, 
financial situation and profits and losses of the Issuer”, the information from the following documents is 
incorporated by reference: 
(a) 
The audited separate financial statements of the Issuer for the year ending 31 December 2020 prepared in 
compliance with the IFRS (the 2020 Financial Statements). The Prospectus must be read in conjunction with 
the 2020 Financial Statements, which shall be incorporated by reference into, and form part of, this Prospectus. 
The 2020 Financial Statements are available at the following hypertext link: 
https://www.primabanka.sk/preview-file/separate-financial-statements-of-prima-banka-31-12-2020-4171.pdf 
(b) 
The audited separate financial statements of the Issuer for the year ending 31 December 2021 prepared in 
compliance with the IFRS (the 2021 Financial Statements). The Prospectus must be read in conjunction with 
the 2021 Financial Statements, which shall be incorporated by reference into, and form part of, this Prospectus. 
The 2020 Financial Statements are available at the following hypertext link: 
separate-financial-statements-of-prima-banka-31-12-2021-s-vyrokom-4517.pdf   
(c) 
The interim separate financial statements of the Issuer for the nine months ending 30 September 2022 prepared 
in accordance with the IAS 34 as adopted by the EU. The Prospectus must be read in conjunction with the interim 
Financial Statements, which shall be incorporated by reference into, and form part of, this Prospectus. 
The interim Financial Statements are available at the following hypertext link:  
https://www.primabanka.sk/preview-file/separate-financial-statements-of-prima-banka-30-9-2022-5289.pdf 
All the financial statements are available on the designated section of the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.primabanka.sk//o-banke/pre-investorov/pre-investorov?loc=en.  
Other than in relation to the documents, which are deemed to be incorporated by reference listed in this 
section of the Prospectus, the information on the websites to which this Prospectus refers does not form 
part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the NBS.

--- Page 67 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
65 
 
 
13. 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
The following documents are available free of charge in electronic form on the designated section of the Issuer’s 
website https://www.primabanka.sk//o-banke/pre-investorov/pre-investorov?loc=en until the maturity of the 
relevant issue of the Bonds: 
(a) 
consolidated wording of the Issuer’s current articles of association; 
(b) 
minutes of the Meetings; 
(c) 
the Prospectus and any updates thereof in the form of any supplement(s) to the Prospectus; 
(d) 
the Final Terms prepared for the relevant issue of the Bonds; 
(e) 
notices to the Holders of the relevant issue of the Bonds; and 
(f) 
for the term of validity of the Prospectus, all documents from which information is incorporated in the 
Prospectus by reference. 
Other than in relation to the documents, which are deemed to be incorporated by reference in clause 12 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”, the information on the websites to which this Prospectus refers 
does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the NBS.

--- Page 68 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
66 
 
 
14. 
GLOSSARY 
For ease of reference, we list the main abbreviations and definitions used in the Prospectus: 
2020 Financial Statements means the annual financial statements of the Issuer for the year 2020 prepared in 
compliance with the IFRS. 
2021 Financial Statements means the annual financial statements of the Issuer for the year 2021 prepared in 
compliance with the IFRS. 
2022 Financial Statements means the interim financial statements of the Issuer for the nine months ending 
30 September 2022 prepared in compliance with the IFRS.  
Act on Banks means Act No. 483/2001 Coll. on Banks, Amending and Supplementing Certain Acts, as 
amended. 
Additional Amounts means the payments to the Holders so that the principal or interest income actually 
received by the Holders is in such an amount as if no withholding or deduction has been made. 
Administration Agreement means the agreement (if any) entered into between the Issuer and the Administrator 
on the performance of its office.  
Administrator means the person with whom the Issuer enters into the agreement on payment, calculation or 
other administrative functions in relation to the Bonds. If no such person has been appointed, the Issuer shall 
perform all administrative functions in relation to the Bonds. 
AML means all applicable legal regulations regulating anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing. 
Authorised Person has the meaning given in clause 8.3 of the Terms and Conditions. 
Bankruptcy Act means Act No. 7/2005 Coll. on Bankruptcy and Restructuring, Amending and Supplementing 
Certain Acts, as amended. 
Benchmarks means interest on the Bonds with a floating interest rate calculated by reference to one or several 
specific benchmark indices or swap rates; the reference rate is provided by the relevant administrator. The 
EURIBOR (the interbank interest reference rate in EUR) and other interest rate indices which are deemed to be 
benchmarks are the subject of regulatory supervision and recent national and international regulatory 
recommendations and proposals for reform. 
Bonds means the covered bonds (in Slovak: kryté dlhopisy) issued by the Issuer under the Programme. 
Bonds Act means Act No. 530/1990 Coll. on Bonds, as amended. 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing 
a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended. 
Brussels I Regulation means Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
12 December 2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial 
matters (recast), as amended. 
Commercial Code means Act No. 513/1991 Coll., the Commercial Code, as amended. 
Common Terms mean the Common Terms as set forth in clause 7 of this Prospectus. 
CRA Regulation means Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended. 
CSSF means Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, with the registered office at 283, route d’Arlon, 
L-1150 Luxembourg, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Date of Record for Attending the Meeting means the seventh day before the relevant Meeting. 
Deposit Protection Act means Act No. 118/1996 Coll. on Protection of Deposits, as amended. 
Distributor means any person who subsequently sells or recommends the Bonds. 
EEA means the European Economic Area. 
ECB means the European Central Bank.

--- Page 69 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
67 
 
 
ESMA means the European Securities and Markets Authority. 
EU Covered Bonds Directive means Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision. 
EUR or euro means the legal currency of the Slovak Republic.  
FATCA means the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. 
Final Terms mean the final terms prepared by the Issuer for an issue of the Bonds issued under the Programme. 
GDP means gross domestic product. 
Holder has the meaning given in clause 3.1 of the Terms and Conditions. 
Chairman of the Meeting means the Issuer or a person designated by the Issuer who chairs the Meeting, until 
it has been decided at the Meeting that another person is to become the Chairman of the Meeting. 
IFRS means the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted in the European Union. 
Income Tax Act means the Act No. 595/2003 Coll. on Income Tax, as amended. 
Issue Date means the date of issue of the Bonds. 
Issuer means Prima banka Slovensko, a.s., with its registered seat at Hodžova 11, Žilina 010 11, Slovak 
Republic, Identification No.: 31 575 951, registered in the Commercial Register of the District Court Žilina, 
section: Sa, insert No.: 148/L. 
LSE means Luxembourg Stock Exchange, with the registered office at 35A Boulevard Joseph ll, L-1840 
Luxembourg. 
Meeting means a meeting of the Holders of the Bonds in relation to an Issue. 
MiFID II means Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on 
markets in financial instruments, as amended, including all its statutory instruments and implementations into 
the relevant national law. 
Moody’s means Moody’s Investors Service Ltd or any of its affiliates established and registered in the European 
Union pursuant to the CRA Regulation. 
MREL means the regulatory concept of minimum requirements for eligible liabilities. 
NBS means the National Bank of Slovakia. 
Payment Venue means the registered seat of the Issuer and/or Administrator (if appointed) of the issue of the 
Bonds. 
. 
Penta Financial Services Limited means Penta Financial Services Limited, with its registered seat at Agias 
Fylaxeos & Polygnostou, 212 C&I CENTER, 2nd floor, P. C. 3082 Limassol, Cyprus, registered in the 
Companies Register, maintained by the Ministry of Industry, Trade and Tourism, Company Registrar and 
Bankruptcy Administrator Department, Nicosia, registration number: HE158996. 
Penta Investments Limited Cyprus means PENTA INVESTMENTS LIMITED, with its registered seat at 
Agias Fylaxeos & Polygnostou, 212 C&I CENTER, 2nd floor, P. C. 3082 Limassol, Cyprus, registration number: 
HE428480. 
Person Entitled to Attend the Meeting means any Holder who has been registered as the Holder of the Bonds 
pursuant to clause 3.1 of the Terms and Conditions, except for the Issuer itself and any person controlled by the 
Issuer. 
PRIIPs Regulation means Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products 
(PRIIPs), as amended. 
Principal Amount means the principal amount of each of the Bonds. 
Proceedings means any governmental, judicial or arbitration proceedings.

--- Page 70 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
 
 
 
 
68 
 
 
Programme means the covered bonds issuance programme of up to EUR 3,000,000,000 under this Prospectus. 
Prospectus means this base prospectus dated [] December 2022. 
Prospectus DR means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the format, content, 
scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market. 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 
June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on 
a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC. 
Qualified Investor in any grammatical form shall have the meaning in the Prospectus assigned to it in Article 
2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation for the purposes of the offering in the Slovak Republic and in another Member 
State of the EEA. 
Relevant Account means the owner’s account (in Slovak: účet majiteľa) maintained by the Central Depositary 
or by a member of Central Depository; or in the internal records of a person for which Central Depository 
maintains a custody account (in Slovak: držiteľský účet) or similar account. 
Resolution Act means Act No. 371/2014 Coll. on the resolution of crisis situations on the financial market, as 
amended, implementing BRRD and BRRD2 in the Slovak Republic. 
Securities Act means Act No. 566/2001 Coll. on Securities and Investment Services, Amending and 
Supplementing Certain Acts.  
Substitute Reference Rate has the meaning given in clause 6.7 of the Terms and Conditions. 
Substitute Screen Page has the meaning given in clause 6.7 of the Terms and Conditions. 
Terms and Conditions include Part A (Information about securities) of the Common Terms together with 
Part A of the Final Terms that together constitute the terms and conditions of the respective issue of the Bonds. 
TLAC means the regulatory concept of total loss absorption capacity. 
Trustee means, in the event of bankruptcy or involuntary administration of the Issuer, the bankruptcy trustee or 
the receiver. 
Tax Non-Resident means a taxpayer with limited tax liability. 
Tax Resident means a taxpayer with unlimited tax liability.

--- Page 71 ---
69 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ISSUER AND ARRANGER 
 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
Hodžova 11 
Žilina 010 11 
Slovak Republic 
 
 
 
 
 
ADMINISTRATOR 
 
Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. 
Hodžova 11 
Žilina 010 11  
Slovak Republic 
 
 
 
 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA 
69, Route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg  
 
 
 
 
 
AUDITOR OF THE ISSUER 
 
Ernst & Young Slovakia, spol. s r.o.  
Žižkova 9 
811 02 Bratislava  
Slovak Republic