--- Page 1 ---
This document constitutes a base prospectus in respect of non-equity securities within the meaning of 
Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Base Prospectus"). 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
PRIVATE DRIVER ITALIA 2024-1 S.R.L. 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
EUR 5,000,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of Notes (the "Programme") 
Under this Programme, Private Driver Italia 2024-1 S.r.l. (the "Issuer") may from time to time issue asset-backed notes (the "Notes") 
denominated in Euro (subject always to compliance with all legal and/or regulatory requirements). 
The Notes will be issued in series with different issue dates, interest rates, final maturity dates and scheduled repayment dates (but 
having the same interest payment dates) (each a "Series"). For each Series, final terms to this Base Prospectus (each such final terms 
referred to as "Final Terms") will be provided as a separate document. The Final Terms must be read in conjunction with this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Notes may be issued with an interest rate based on the EURIBOR rate for one-month Euro deposits plus a margin (the "Floating 
Rate Notes") as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The proceeds of any Notes as well as amounts standing to the Accumulation Account will be used to finance the purchase by the Issuer 
of Receivables from Volkswagen Bank GmbH – Italian Branch ("VW Bank Italy") during the Revolving Period pursuant to the terms 
of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement (as defined below). 
Each Note entitles its holder to demand the payment of a particular amount of interest and/or principal only, if and to the extent such 
amounts have been received by the Issuer from the Collection Account, the Cash Collateral Account and the enforcement of the Loan 
Collateral relating to the Purchased Receivables and, if applicable, from the Swap Agreements. The sum of the Nominal Amount of 
the Notes plus the overcollateralisation amount plus the Subordinated Loan equals the present value of the Purchased Receivables 
discounted to the Initial Cut-Off Date or, as the case may be, the respective Additional Cut-Off Date, in each case by applying the 
Discount Rate. In case of payment in full by the respective Borrowers in accordance with the underlying Loan Contracts and/or 
utilisation of the Cash Collateral Account to the extent any shortfall of Purchased Receivables is fully covered thereby, and subject to 
receipt in full of the amounts payable under the Swap Agreements entered into in connection with the Floating Rate Notes, each holder 
of a Note is entitled to payment of the principal amount plus interest calculated at a percentage rate per annum being the sum of one-
month EURIBOR plus the applicable Margin. The Notes will bear interest at the rate specified in the relevant Final Terms, calculated 
in each case with reference to the principal amount of each Note remaining outstanding immediately prior to the time of each payment 
and published pursuant to Condition 11. Payments of principal and interest on each series of Notes will be made monthly in arrears on 
the twenty-first (21st) day of each month in each year or, in the event such date is not a Business Day, on the next following Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case the date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day. 
The Issuer is a limited liability company with a sole quotaholder (società unipersonale a responsabilità limitata) incorporated under the 
laws of the Republic of Italy pursuant to Italian law No. 130 of 30 April 1999, as amended from time to time (the "Securitisation 
Law") having its registered office at Corso Vittorio Emanuele II, 24-28, 20122, Milan, Italy. The Issuer is registered in the register of 
the special purpose vehicles held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to the regulation issued by the Bank of Italy on 12 December 2023 
under number 48556.5 and in the companies register held in Milano - Monza Brianza - Lodi under number 13502230967. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg financial regulator Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF") in its capacity as competent authority (the "Competent Authority") under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg law dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (loi du 
16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières) (the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law"). Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are subject to this Base Prospectus or an endorsement of the Issuer that 
is subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. By 
approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF shall give no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the operation or the 
quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. Application has been 
made for the Initial Notes issued, and will be made with respect to any Further Notes to be issued, under the Programme to be listed 
on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading at the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purpose of Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and 
Directive 2011/61/EU (recast). This Base Prospectus constitutes a prospectus for the purpose of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus 
Regulation and the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. This Base Prospectus, once approved by the CSSF, will be published in electronic 
form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). The validity of this Base Prospectus will expire on 21 June 
2025. After such date there is no obligation of the Issuer to issue supplements to this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new 
factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies. This Prospectus will be published by the Issuer on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (being, as at the date of this Prospectus, www.luxse.com) and will remain available for inspection on such website for 
at least 10 years.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
Each of the Notes in the denomination of EUR 100,000 will be governed by the laws of Germany and will be represented by a global 
registered note (the "Global Note") without interest coupons, issued in respect of each Series of Notes. The Global Notes representing 
the Notes will be deposited with a Common Safekeeper for Clearstream Luxembourg and Euroclear to be held under the new 
safekeeping structure ("NSS") and will be registered in the name of a nominee of the Common Safekeeper. The Global Notes will not 
be exchangeable for definitive Notes. The Notes are intended to be held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem eligibility. This does 
not mean that any of the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon, inter alia, satisfaction 
of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. See "RISK FACTORS – Risks relating to the Notes– Eurosystem Eligibility".  
Notes may be retained by VW Bank and may be resold to any third party investors at any time in one or more negotiated transactions 
or via a bookbuilding process at varying prices to be determined at the time of sale. 
Ratings have been assigned to the Notes and will be assigned to any Further Notes issued after the date of this Base Prospectus by S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited, Italy Branch ("S&P Global") and Moody’s Italia S.r.l. ("Moody's"). According to the press release 
from European Securities Markets Authority ("ESMA") dated 31 October 2011, each of S&P Global and Moody's have been registered 
in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit 
rating agencies, as amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 and by Regulation (EU) No 462/2013 ("CRA3"). Both S&P Global and 
Moody's are established in the European Union. Reference is made to the list of registered or certified credit rating agencies published 
by ESMA under https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. The assignment of ratings to the Notes or an 
outlook on these ratings is not a recommendation to invest in the Notes and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn at any time.  
In accordance with CRA3 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020 ("EUWA") and as amended by The Credit Rating 
Agencies (Amendment, etc) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (the "UK CRA Regulation"), the credit ratings assigned to the Notes by S&P 
Global and Moody's will be endorsed by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and Moody's Investors Service Limited, as applicable, 
being rating agencies which are registered with the Financial Conduct Authority. UK regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
The proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be applied by the Issuer to fund the purchase of an initial pool of monetary receivables and 
other connected rights (the "Initial Purchased Receivables") arising from a portfolio of auto loans (finanziamenti) granted by VW 
Bank Italy and transferred from the Seller to the Issuer in accordance with the provisions set forth under the Securitisation Law pursuant 
to the terms of a master receivables purchase agreement dated 13 June 2024, between the Issuer and the Seller (the "Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement").  
Furthermore, pursuant to the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and the relevant Additional Receivables Purchase Agreement 
(as defined below), during the Revolving Period (as defined below) VW Bank Italy has the right to sell and transfer without recourse 
(pro soluto) to the Issuer any additional purchased receivable complying, inter alia, with the Eligibility Criteria (as defined below) (the 
"Additional Purchased Receivables" and, together with the Initial Purchased Receivables, the "Purchased Receivables") pursuant 
to and for the effects of the combined provisions of article 1 and article 4 of the Securitisation Law and the provisions of the Italian 
law No. 52 of 21 February 1991, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the "Factoring Law") referred to therein. The 
purchase price of each Additional Purchased Receivable (the "Additional Receivables Purchase Price") will be financed by the Issuer 
– in accordance with the Order of Priority and subject to the provisions of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Note 
Purchase Agreement and the Conditions – through the Available Distribution Amount out of the Accumulation Account as at the 
relevant Additional Purchase Date (as defined below). 
By operation of Italian law, the Issuer's right, title and interest in and to the Purchased Receivables and the other Issuer’s Rights are 
segregated from all other assets of the Issuer and amounts deriving therefrom (for so long as such amounts are credited to one of the 
Issuer's accounts under this Transaction (as defined below) and not commingled with other sums) will only be available, both prior to 
and following a winding up of the Issuer, to satisfy the obligations of the Issuer to the Noteholders and to any third party creditor in 
respect of any costs, fees or expenses payable by the Issuer to such third party creditors in relation to the securitisation of the Purchased 
Receivables (the "Securitisation" or the "Transaction"). Amounts derived from the Purchased Receivables will not be available to 
any such creditors of the Issuer in respect of any other amounts owed to them or to any other creditors of the Issuer. The Noteholders 
and the Other Transaction Creditors will agree that the Available Distribution Amounts will be applied by the Issuer in accordance 
with the Order of Priority. 
The principal source of payment of interest and repayment of principal on the Notes will be collections and recoveries made in respect 
of the Purchased Receivables. 
Interest amounts payable under any Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to the European Interbank Offered Rate 
("EURIBOR") which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI") plus the applicable margin. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant 
to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment funds (as amended, restated or supplemented, the "Benchmarks Regulation"). 
Securitisation Regulation

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
The Seller will, in its capacity as originator, whilst any of the Notes remain outstanding, retain a material net economic interest of not 
less than 5 per cent. in the Transaction in accordance with Article 6(3)(d) of Regulation (EU) No 2017/2402 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 12 December 2017 (as amended from time to time and most recently by Regulation (EU) 2021/557) laying down 
a general framework for securitisation and creating a specific framework for simple, transparent and standardised securitisation, and 
amending Directives 2009/65/EC, 2009/138/EC and 2011/61/EU and Regulations (EC) No 1060/2009 and (EU) No 648/2012 (the 
"Securitisation Regulation") provided that the level of retention may reduce over time in compliance with Article 15 (1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2175 or any successor delegated regulation (the "Retention RTS"). For the purposes of 
compliance with the requirements of Article 6(3)(d) of the Securitisation Regulation, the Seller will retain, in its capacity as originator 
within the meaning of the Securitisation Regulation, on an ongoing basis for the life of the transaction, such net economic interest 
through the retention of the first loss tranche in an amount of no less than 5 per cent. of the nominal value of the securitised exposures. 
The Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) will prepare monthly investor reports wherein relevant information with regard to the 
Purchased Receivables will be disclosed publicly together with an overview of the retention of the material net economic interest by 
the Seller for the purposes of which the Seller will provide the Issuer with all information reasonably required in accordance with 
Article 7(1)(e) of the Securitisation Regulation. 
Each prospective investor is required to independently assess and determine the sufficiency of the information described in the 
preceding two paragraphs for the purposes of complying with Article 5 of the Securitisation Regulation. None of the Issuer, VW Bank 
Italy (in its various capacities under the Transaction Documents), VW Bank, the Arranger, their respective Affiliates nor any other 
person makes any representation, warranty or guarantee that the information provided by any party with respect to the transactions 
described in the Base Prospectus are compliant with the requirements of the Securitisation Regulation and no such person shall have 
any liability to any prospective investor or any other person with respect to the insufficiency of such information or any failure of the 
transactions contemplated by the Base Prospectus to satisfy or otherwise comply with the requirements of the Securitisation Regulation. 
Investors who are uncertain as to the requirements which apply to them in respect of their relevant jurisdiction should seek guidance 
from their regulator and/or independent legal advice on the issue. 
UK Securitisation Regulation 
The Notes are not intended to be issued in compliance with the Securitisation Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended by The Securitisation (Amendment) (EU Exit) 
Regulations 2019 (UK SI 2019/660), as further amended, supplemented or replaced, from time to time (the "UK Securitisation 
Regulation") and accordingly, potential purchasers contemplating an investment in the Notes should consult with their advisers as to 
whether the Transaction complies with the requirements of the UK Securitisation Regulation.  
Prospective investors to which the UK Securitisation Regulation applies are themselves responsible for analysing their own regulatory 
position, and should consult their own advisers in this respect and should consider (and where appropriate, take independent advice 
on) the application of the UK Securitisation Regulation or other applicable regulations and the suitability of the Notes for investment. 
The Seller has internal policies and procedures in relation to the granting of credit, administration of credit-risk bearing portfolios and 
risk mitigation. The policies and procedures of the Seller in this regard broadly include the following: 
(a) 
criteria for the granting of credit and the process for approving, amending, renewing and re-financing credits, as to which please 
see further the section of this Base Prospectus headed "ADMINISTRATION OF THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES UNDER 
THE SERVICING AGREEMENT"; 
(b) 
systems in place to administer and monitor the various credit-risk bearing portfolios and exposures, as to which we note that the 
Portfolio will be serviced in line with the usual servicing procedures of the Seller – please see further the section of this Base 
Prospectus headed "ADMINISTRATION OF THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES UNDER THE SERVICING 
AGREEMENT"; 
(c) 
diversification of credit portfolios given the Seller's target market and overall credit strategy, as to which, in relation to the 
Portfolio, please see the section of this Base Prospectus headed "DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO"; 
(d) 
policies and procedures in relation to risk mitigation techniques, as to which please see further the sections of this Base Prospectus 
headed "ADMINISTRATION OF THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES UNDER THE SERVICING AGREEMENT". 
The Seller accepts responsibility for the information set out in this section "SECURITISATION REGULATION". 
U.S. Risk Retention Rules 
The issuance of the Notes was not designed to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules other than the exemption under Section _.20 
of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules and no other steps have been taken by the Issuer, the Seller or the Arranger or any of their Affiliates 
or any other party to accomplish such compliance. 
The purchase of Notes is only suitable for investors (i) that possess adequate knowledge and experience in structured finance 
investments and have the necessary background and resources to evaluate all relevant risks related with such investments; 
(ii) that are able to bear the risk of loss of their investment (up to a total loss of the investment) without having to prematurely 
liquidate the investment; and (iii) that are able to assess the tax aspects and implications of such investment independently. 
Furthermore, each potential investor should base its investment decision on its own and independent investigation and on the

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
advice of its professional advisors (with whom the investor may deem it necessary to consult), be able to assess if an investment 
in the Notes (i) is in compliance with its financial requirements, its targets and situation (or if it is acquiring the Notes in a 
fiduciary capacity, those of the beneficiary); (ii) is in compliance with its principles for investments, guidelines for or restrictions 
on investments (regardless of whether it acquires the Notes for itself or as a trustee); and (iii) is an appropriate investment for 
itself (or for any beneficiary if acting as a trustee), notwithstanding the risks of such investment. 
For a discussion of certain significant factors affecting investments in the Notes, see "RISK FACTORS". An investment in the 
Notes is suitable only for financially sophisticated investors who are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of such 
investment and who have sufficient financial resources to be able to bear any losses which may result from such investment, 
including, without limitation, a total loss of such investment. 
For reference to the definitions of capitalised terms appearing in this Base Prospectus and certain interpretation rules, see "MASTER 
DEFINITIONS SCHEDULE". 
 
Arranger 
 
 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 21 June 2024.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
The Issuer accepts full responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and 
confirms that, where VW Bank Italy (also in its capacity as Servicer and Collection Account Bank), the Security Trustee, 
the Swap Counterparty, the Account Bank or any other party has expressly accepted responsibility for its own description 
or information which it provides in this Base Prospectus, such information has been accurately reproduced and no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Subject to the foregoing, the 
Issuer has taken all reasonable care to ensure that the information given in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms is, 
to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect its import and the 
Issuer has taken all reasonable care to ensure that the information stated herein is true and accurate in all material respects 
and that there are no other material facts the omission of which would make misleading any statement herein, whether of 
fact or opinion.  
VW Bank Italy as the Seller and the Servicer only accepts full responsibility for information in this Base Prospectus and, 
if any, in the Final Terms relating to the Purchased Receivables, the disclosure of servicing related risk factors, risk factors 
relating to the Purchased Receivables, the information contained in "DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO", "THE 
SELLER AND THE SERVICER" and "ADMINISTRATION OF THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES UNDER THE 
SERVICING AGREEMENT" and VW Bank Italy has taken all reasonable care to ensure that the information for which 
it accepts responsibility is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to 
affect its import. 
The Arranger accepts full responsibility for the information contained in the section "WEIGHTED AVERAGE LIFE OF 
THE NOTES", except to the extent there is any inaccuracy resulting from information provided by VW Bank Italy to the 
Arranger, in which case VW Bank Italy is solely responsible for such information. Each prospective investor receiving 
this Base Prospectus acknowledges that he or she has not relied on the information in the sections entitled "Weighted 
Average Life of the Notes" in connection with his or her investment decisions and acknowledges that such information is 
not intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and he or she must make an independent investigation 
of the Notes and should consult its own legal, business, financial, accounting and tax advisers prior to making a decision 
to invest in the Notes. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representations, other than those contained in this 
Base Prospectus, in connection with the issue and sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representations must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, VW Bank Italy, the Security Trustee, the 
Servicer or by the Arranger shown on the cover page or any other parties described in this Base Prospectus.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act"). The Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons 
except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of, the Securities 
Act. 
The Notes at all times may not be purchased, without the prior consent of the Seller, by any person except for persons 
that are not "U.S. persons" as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules ("Risk Retention U.S. Persons"). "U.S. Risk 
Retention Rules" means Regulation RR (17 C.F.R Part 246) implementing the risk retention requirements of Section 
15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, adopted pursuant to the requirements of Section 941 of 
the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. Prospective investors should note that the definition 
of "U.S. person" in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules is substantially similar to, but not identical to, the definition of "U.S. 
person" in Regulation S. Each purchaser of Notes, including beneficial interests therein, will be deemed to, and in certain 
circumstances will be required to, represent and agree that (1) it is not a Risk Retention U.S. Person (2) it is acquiring 
such Note or a beneficial interest therein for its own account and not with a view to distribute such Note to a U.S. person; 
and (3) it is not acquiring such Note or a beneficial interest therein as part of a scheme to evade the requirements of the 
U.S. Risk Retention Rules. Each prospective investor will be required to make these representations (a) on or about the 
time of the announcement of the securitisation transaction involving the issuance of the Notes and (b) if such 
representations have not been previously made, as a condition to placing any offer to purchase the Notes. The Issuer and 
VW Bank will rely on these representations, without further investigation. 
The issuance of the Notes was not designed to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules other than the exemption under 
Section _.20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules and no other steps have been taken by the Issuer, the Seller, the Arranger, 
or any of their Affiliates or any other party to accomplish such compliance. 
The offering of the Notes in the Republic of Italy has not been authorised by the Italian Securities and Exchange 
Commission (Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa, "CONSOB") pursuant to the Italian securities legislation 
and, accordingly, the Note Purchaser has represented and agreed in the Note Purchase Agreement that it has not offered

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
or sold, and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes purchased by it or distribute copies of the Base Prospectus or of any 
other offering material relating to the Notes purchased by it in the Republic of Italy in a public offer within the meaning 
of Article 1.1(t) of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended ("Decree No. 58"), other than: (a) to 
Italian qualified investors, as defined in Article 100 of Decree no. 58 by reference to Article 34-ter Paragraph 1(b) of 
CONSOB Regulation no. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended ("Regulation no. 11971") ("Qualified Investors"); and 
(b) in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offer pursuant to Decree No. 58 and Regulation 
No. 11971. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document relating to 
the Notes in Italy under the paragraphs above must be: (a) made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries 
permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended ("Decree No. 385"), Decree No. 58, CONSOB Regulation No. 16190 of October 29, 2007, as amended, and 
any other applicable laws and regulations; and (b) in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations or requirement 
imposed by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 
of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any other 
Italian authority. 
Any subsequent distribution of the Notes in Italy must be made in compliance with the public offer and prospectus 
requirement rules provided under Decree no. 58 and Regulation no. 11971, unless an exemption from those rules applies. 
Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Notes being declared null and void and in the liability of 
the entity transferring the Notes for any damages suffered by the investors. 
Unless stated otherwise, the content of any websites referenced in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. For the avoidance of doubt, documents incorporated by reference, however, form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Disclosure Requirements under the Securitisation Regulation – Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation requires, 
inter alia, that prospective investors have readily available access to information on the underlying exposures, the 
underlying documentation that is essential for the understanding of the transaction, quarterly investor reports containing, 
inter alia, all materially relevant data on the credit quality and performance of the individual underlying exposures and 
data on the cash flows generated by the underlying exposures and by the liabilities of the securitisation. For that purpose, 
materially relevant data shall be determined pursuant to Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation as at the date of the 
securitisation and where appropriate due to the nature of the securitisation thereafter. The information to be made available 
pursuant to Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation is further specified in Annexes V, VI, XII and XIV of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1224 of 16 October 2019 (the "Disclosure RTS").  
Pursuant to Article 7(2) of the Securitisation Regulation the Seller and the Issuer are required to designate amongst 
themselves one entity as reporting entity (the "Reporting Entity") to make available to the Noteholders, potential 
investors in the Notes and competent authorities, the documents, reports and information necessary to fulfil the relevant 
reporting obligations under Article 7(1) of the Securitisation Regulation. The Reporting Entity shall make the information 
for a securitisation transaction available by means of the European Data Warehouse in its function as securitisation 
repository in accordance with Article 10 of the Securitisation Regulation. Pursuant to the terms of the Servicing 
Agreement the Seller (in its capacity as Servicer) has agreed that it will (on behalf of the Issuer) make the information 
available to the Noteholders, to competent authorities, as referred to in Article 29 of the Securitisation Regulation and to 
potential Noteholders all such information as the Issuer is required to make available pursuant to and in compliance with 
the Securitisation Regulation and the Disclosure RTS. 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
each manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined 
in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market - Solely for the purposes of 
each manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment pursuant to the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook ("COBS") in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that (a) the target market for the Notes 
is only (i) eligible counterparties, as defined in COBS and (ii) professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR") and (b) all

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate, noting the 
responsibility of each manufacturer under COBS only. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
PRIIPs Regulation / Prohibition of sales to EEA and UK retail investors – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"), (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by 
virtue of the EUWA for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
UK may be unlawful under Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
EUWA. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor any offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall, 
under any circumstances, create any implication (i) that the information in this Base Prospectus is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date hereof, or (ii) that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer or with 
respect to VW Bank Italy since the date of this Base Prospectus or the balance sheet date of the most recent relevant 
financial statements or (iii) that any other information supplied in connection with the issue of the Notes is correct at any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
This does not affect the obligation of the Issuer to file a supplement in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Any such supplement will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).  
No action has been taken by the Issuer or the Arranger other than as set out in this Base Prospectus that would permit a 
public offering of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other offering 
material in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered 
or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus (or any part hereof) or any Final Terms, nor any 
advertisement or other offering materials may be issued, distributed or published in any country or jurisdiction except in 
compliance with applicable laws, orders, rules and regulations, and the Issuer and the Arranger have represented that all 
offers and sales by them have been made on such terms. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
securities. The distribution of this Base Prospectus (or of any part thereof) or any Final Terms and the offering and sale 
of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus (or any 
part thereof) comes are required by the Issuer and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitute, or may be used for, or in connection with, an 
offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. For a further description of certain restrictions on offerings and 
sales of the Notes and distribution of this Base Prospectus (or of any part thereof) or any Final Terms see 
"SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE".

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
The Notes may involve substantial risks and are suitable only for sophisticated investors who have the knowledge and 
experience in financial and business matters necessary to prospective investors to enable them to evaluate the risks and 
the merits of an investment in the Notes. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that 
investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of 
investing in the Notes and the information contained in this Base Prospectus; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial 
situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and 
financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest 
rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Any projections, forecasts and estimates contained in this Base Prospectus are forward looking statements. Such 
projections are speculative in nature and it can be expected that some or all of the assumptions underlying the projections 
will not prove to be wholly correct or will vary from actual results. Consequently, the actual results might differ from the 
projections and such differences might be significant. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their 
original language in order to procure that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
THE NOTES REPRESENT OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER ONLY AND DO NOT REPRESENT AN 
INTEREST IN, OR OBLIGATION OF, ANY OF THE ARRANGER, THE SELLER, THE SERVICER, THE 
SWAP COUNTERPARTY, THE SECURITY TRUSTEE, THE ACCOUNT BANK, THE COLLECTION 
ACCOUNT BANK, THE CASH ADMINISTRATOR, THE REGISTRAR, THE PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, 
THE INTEREST DETERMINATION AGENT, THE CALCULATION AGENT, THE CORPORATE 
SERVICES PROVIDER, OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES OR ANY OTHER PARTY (OTHER 
THAN THE ISSUER) TO THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS. IT SHOULD BE NOTED FURTHER THAT 
THE NOTES WILL ONLY BE CAPABLE OF BEING SATISFIED AND DISCHARGED FROM THE ASSETS 
OF THE ISSUER. NEITHER THE NOTES NOR THE UNDERLYING PURCHASED RECEIVABLES WILL 
BE INSURED OR GUARANTEED BY ANY GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY OR BY ANY OF THE 
ARRANGER, THE SELLER, THE SERVICER, THE SWAP COUNTERPARTY, THE SECURITY TRUSTEE, 
THE ACCOUNT BANK, THE COLLECTION ACCOUNT BANK, THE CASH ADMINISTRATOR, THE 
REGISTRAR, THE PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, THE INTEREST DETERMINATION AGENT, THE 
CALCULATION AGENT, THE CORPORATE SERVICES PROVIDER, OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE 
AFFILIATES OR ANY OTHER PARTY (OTHER THAN THE ISSUER) TO THE TRANSACTION 
DOCUMENTS OR BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY EXCEPT AS DESCRIBED HEREIN. 
THE NOTES OFFERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE 
SECURITIES LAWS, NOR HAS THE ISSUER BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES 
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940 (THE "INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT").  
If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document you should consult your stockbroker, bank manager, 
solicitor, accountant or other financial adviser. 
It should be remembered that the price of securities and the expected income from them may decrease. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided below, the Arranger has not verified the information contained herein and 
consequently, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or 
liability is accepted by the Arranger as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms. In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination 
of the terms of this offering, including the merits and risks involved.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor any offer, sale or solicitation made in 
connection herewith shall, in any circumstances, imply that the information contained herein is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date of this Base Prospectus or, as applicable, the relevant Final Terms. 
The Arranger or any of its Affiliates may have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and their Affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Arranger and its 
Affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts 
of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer The Arranger or any of its Affiliates that have a credit exposure routinely hedge such credit exposure to the 
Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Arranger and its Affiliates would 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or 
the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes. Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes. The Arranger and its Affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities 
and instruments.

--- Page 10 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................................................ 11 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM ................................................................................................................................... 25 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 26 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................................ 47 
OVERVIEW OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................. 48 
ACCOUNT BANK, CASH ADMINISTRATOR AND CALCULATION AGENT ........................................... 54 
SWAP AGREEMENTS AND SWAP COUNTERPARTY ................................................................................. 55 
TAXATION .......................................................................................................................................................... 58 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO ............................................................................................................... 64 
THE SELLER, THE SERVICER AND THE COLLECTION ACCOUNT BANK ........................................... 130 
ADMINISTRATION OF THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES UNDER THE SERVICING AGREEMENT 134 
RATINGS ........................................................................................................................................................... 140 
THE ISSUER ...................................................................................................................................................... 141 
CORPORATE SERVICES PROVIDER ............................................................................................................ 143 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................ 144 
TRUST AGREEMENT ...................................................................................................................................... 154 
MASTER DEFINITIONS SCHEDULE ............................................................................................................. 175 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................ 201 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................................ 205 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................. 209

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following section, which constitutes the General Description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25(1) of the Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980, must be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its 
entirety by reference to, the more detailed information appearing elsewhere herein and in the relevant Final 
Terms. Any decision to invest in any Notes should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole. 
Capitalised terms not specifically defined in this section "OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME" shall have the 
meaning set out in the section "MASTER DEFINITIONS SCHEDULE". 
The Programme is a EUR 5,000,000,000 Programme for the issuance of the Notes under which the Issuer may 
from time to time issue asset-backed floating-rate notes denominated in Euro (subject always to compliance with 
all legal and/or regulatory requirements). The applicable terms to any Notes will be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant purchaser prior to the issue of the Notes and will be set out in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes attached to, or incorporated by reference into, the relevant Global Note representing such Notes, as 
completed by the applicable Final Terms attached to, or incorporated by reference into, such Global Note (see 
"TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES – 1. Form and Nominal Amount of the Notes" below for further 
detail). 
THE PARTIES 
Issuer 
Private Driver Italia 2024-1 S.r.l., a limited liability company with 
a sole quotaholder (società unipersonale a responsabilità limitata) 
incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy pursuant to the 
Law No. 130/99, as amended and supplemented from time to time 
(the "Securitisation Law"), having its registered office at Corso 
Vittorio Emanuele II, 24-28, 20122, Milan, Italy, fiscal code, VAT 
code and enrolment with the companies register of Milano - Monza 
Brianza - Lodi under number 13502230967, quota capital Euro 
10,000 fully paid up, enrolled in the special purposes vehicles' register 
(elenco delle società veicolo) held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to the 
Bank of Italy regulation of 12 December 2023 under number 48556.5 
and having as its sole corporate object the realisation of securitisation 
transactions pursuant to article 3 of the Securitisation Law. The Issuer 
is directly owned by the Quotaholder. It is not directly or indirectly 
controlled by any other party. 
The 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
(LEI) 
of 
the 
Issuer 
is: 
815600D2F2926645BF78.  
Seller 
Volkswagen Bank GmbH - Italian Branch, a bank incorporated 
under German law, having its registered office at Gifhorner Straße 57, 
38112 Braunschweig, Germany, registered with the commercial 
register (Handelsregister) of the local court (Amtsgericht) of 
Braunschweig, Germany, under HRB 1819, acting through its Italian 
Branch in Via Privata Grosio n. 10/4, Milan, Italy, VAT code and 
enrolment with the companies register of Milan under number 
12513730155 ("VW Bank Italy"). VW Bank Italy is not directly or 
indirectly owned or controlled by any other party to the Securitisation.  
Servicer 
Volkswagen Bank GmbH - Italian Branch, Gifhorner Straße 57, 
38112 Braunschweig, Germany.  
Arranger 
UniCredit Bank GmbH, a bank incorporated under the laws of the 
Federal Republic of Germany as a limited liability company limited 
by shares (Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung), registered with the 
commercial register administered by the Local Court of Munich at 
number HR B 289472, belonging to the "Gruppo Bancario 
UniCredit" and having its head office at Arabellastrasse 12, 81925

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Munich, Germany, Federal Republic of Germany (“UniCredit Bank 
GmbH”), acting in its capacity as arranger of the Securitisation (the 
"Arranger"). 
Swap Counterparty 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, a public limited 
company under French laws (with a Board of Directors), whose 
registered office is at 12, place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052, 92547 
Montrouge Cedex - France. Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank is registered at the Trade and Commercial Register 
of Nanterre (France) under the number 304 187 701 ("CACIB").  
Subordinated Loan Provider 
Volkswagen Bank GmbH, a bank incorporated under German law, 
haviistits registered office at Gifhorner Straße 57, 38112 
Braunschweig, Germany, registered with the commercial register 
(Handelsregift heof the local court (Amtsgericht) of Braunschweig, 
Germany, under HRB “819 ("VW Bank"). 
Account Bank 
The Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch, MesseTurm, 
Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 49, 60327 Frankfurt am Main, Germany. 
Collection Account Bank 
Volkswagen Bank GmbH – Italian Branch, Gifhorner Straße 57, 
38112 Braunschweig, Germany.  
Cash Administrator 
The Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch, MesseTurm, 
Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 49, 60327 Frankfurt am Main, Germany.  
Security Trustee 
Intertrust Trustees GmbH a private limited liability company 
(Gesellschaft mitbeschränkter Haftung) incorporated under the laws 
of Germany and having its registered office at Eschersheimer 
Landstrasse 14, 60322 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, registered with 
the commercial register (Handelsregister) of the local court 
(Amtsgericht) of Frankfurt, Germany under HRB 98921with its 
registered seat in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, and its business 
address at Eschersheimer Landstraße 14, D-60322 Frankfurt am 
Main, Germany 
Principal Paying Agent  
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, 160 Queen 
Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA, United Kingdom. 
Calculation Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, 160 Queen 
Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA, United Kingdom. 
Interest Determination Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, 160 Queen 
Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA, United Kingdom. 
Listing Agent 
Circumference Services S.à r.l., a limited liability company (société 
à responsabilité limitée), having its registered office at 22-24 
Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, and registered with the 
Luxembourg trade and companies register under B58442.  
Corporate Services Provider 
Zenith Global S.p.A., a joint stock company (società per azioni) 
incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy, with registered 
office at Corso Vittorio Emanuele II, 24-28, 20122 Milan, Italy, fully 
paid share capital of Euro 2,000,000, fiscal code and enrolment with 
the companies register of Milano - Monza Brianza - Lodi number 
02200990980, enrolled under number 30 with the new register of 
financial intermediaries ("Albo Unico") held by Bank of Italy 
pursuant to articles 106 of the Italian Banking Act ("Zenith").

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Process Agent 
Intertrust Trustees GmbH 
English Process Agent 
Intertrust Management Limited, 1 Bartholomew Lane, London 
EC2N 2AX, United Kingdom 
Rating Agencies  
S&P Global and Moody's. 
Clearing Systems 
Clearstream Banking société anonyme, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-
1885 Luxembourg and Euroclear Bank NV./SA., 1 Boulevard du Roi 
Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium. 
THE NOTES 
 
Notes  
The subject of this Base Prospectus are the Notes which may be issued 
by the Issuer under the Programme, as further described herein. 
Issue Dates 
Series of Notes will be issued on 25 June 2024 (the "Initial Issue 
Date"). Further Notes (in the form of new Series) may be issued on 
any Payment Date falling (i) in case of Further Notes of an existing 
Series of Notes prior to (but excluding) the Series Revolving Period 
Expiration Date, or (ii) in case of Notes of a new Series on any 
Payment Date (each such Payment Date, a "Further Issue Date"). 
Interest and Principal 
Each Note entitles the Noteholder thereof to receive from the 
Available Distribution Amount on each Payment Date interest at the 
rate specified in the relevant Final Terms (the interest rates for all 
Notes collectively referred to as the "Notes Interest Rate") on the 
nominal amount of each such Note outstanding immediately prior to 
such Payment Date. 
With respect to payments of interest and principal, particular attention 
should be paid to the risk factor descriptions as set forth in "RISK 
FACTORS" and in particular the risk factor outlined under "RISK 
FACTORS – Risks relating to the Notes – Liability and Limited 
Recourse under the Notes and the Subordinated Loan". 
Ratings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Notes are rated "AA-" by 
S&P Global and "Aa3" by Moody's. 
The ratings indicate the ultimate payment of principal and the timely 
payment of interest. The ratings should not be regarded as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Seller and Servicer (if different), 
the Arranger, the Security Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Interest Determination Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Swap 
Counterparty, the Account Bank, the Collection Account Bank or the 
Rating Agencies to buy, sell or hold the Notes. The ratings are subject 
to revision or withdrawal at any time. 
Both S&P Global and Moody's are established in the European Union. 
According to ESMA, both S&P Global and Moody's have been 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on 
credit rating agencies, as amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 
and by Regulation (EU) No 462/2013. Reference is made to the list 
of registered or certified credit rating agencies published by ESMA 
under 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Discount Rate 
The Discount Rate means 7.1837 per cent. per annum. 
Discount Rate Variation Option 
Under the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and subject to 
certain conditions being met, the Issuer grants to the Seller an option 
to vary the Discount Rate with respect to:  
(a) 
the Purchased Receivables included in the Portfolio; and  
(b) 
the Additional Purchased Receivables to be purchased 
during the Revolving Period.  
See section "DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO – Variation of 
Discount Rate" below. 
Discounted Receivables Balance 
The Discounted Receivables Balance means, in respect of a 
Purchased Receivable, its scheduled cash flow of Principal and 
Interest (including amounts of Principal and Interest that are overdue) 
discounted as of the relevant date at the Discount Rate on the basis of 
one year of 360 days being equivalent to 12 months, each month 
consisting of 30 days. For the avoidance of doubt, the Discounted 
Receivables Balance excludes any Written Off Purchased Receivable. 
Order of Priority 
All payments of the Issuer under the Transaction Documents have to 
be made subject to, and in accordance with, the Order of Priority. See 
the section "TRUST AGREEMENT" below. 
Payment Dates 
The twenty-first (21st) day of each month or, in the event such day is 
not a Business Day, then the next following Business Day unless that 
day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the date will be the 
first preceding day that is a Business Day. 
Business Day 
Business Day means any day on which the T2 System is open for 
business, provided that this day is also a day on which banks are open 
for business both in Milan and London, provided that the 7th of 
December of each year shall considered not to be a Business Day. 
Revolving Period 
The Revolving Period means the period from (and including) the 
Initial Issue Date and ending on the earlier of (i) the Series Revolving 
Period Expiration Date of the last outstanding Series of Notes and 
(ii) the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event. 
Series 
Revolving 
Period  
Expiration Date 
The Series Revolving Period Expiration Date means with respect to 
each Series of Notes the revolving period expiration date as specified 
for such Series in the applicable Final Terms, as subsequently 
extended in accordance with the Conditions of the Notes. 
Available Distribution Amount 
The "Available Distribution Amount" on each Payment Date shall 
equal the sum of the following amounts (without double counting): 
(a) 
all Collections received or collected by the Servicer in 
respect of the Purchased Receivables during the immediately 
preceding Monthly Period; plus 
(b) 
all amounts received by the Issuer from the Seller pursuant 
to the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and any 
Additional Receivables Purchase Agreement during the 
immediately preceding Monthly Period; plus

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
(c) 
interest accrued on the Distribution Account and on the 
Accumulation Account; plus 
(d) 
Net Swap Receipts under the Swap Agreements entered into 
in relation to the Floating Rate Notes and any other amounts 
included in the Available Distribution Amount pursuant to 
Clause 20 (Distribution Account; Accumulation Account 
and Swap Provisions) of the Trust Agreement; plus 
(e) 
any amounts credited to the drawings from the Cash 
Collateral Account; plus 
(f) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under 
other items of the Available Distribution Amount) received 
by the Issuer from any party to the Transaction Documents 
during the immediately preceding Monthly Period 
(including (a) any proceeds received by the Issuer from the 
sale of any Purchased Receivables made in accordance with 
the Transaction Documents, (b) the proceeds deriving from 
the sale of the Purchased Receivables to the Seller upon 
exercise by it of the Clean-Up Call in accordance with the 
Transaction Documents and (c) any indemnity which the 
Issuer may directly recover from third parties); plus 
(g) 
after the termination of the Revolving Period and prior to the 
service of an Enforcement Notice, any amounts standing to 
the credit of the Cash Collateral Account equal to the 
difference between the General Cash Collateral Amount and 
the Specified Cash Collateral Account Balance; plus 
(h) 
payments from the Cash Collateral Account as provided for 
in Clause 22.2 (Cash Collateral Account, Accumulation 
Account) of the Trust Agreement; plus 
(i) 
any other amounts standing to the credit of the Distribution 
Account; plus 
(j) 
in case of the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event or 
after termination of the Revolving Period, transfers from the 
Accumulation Account to the Distribution Account pursuant 
to Clause 22.4 (Cash Collateral Account, Accumulation 
Account) of the Trust Agreement; plus 
(k) 
during the Revolving Period, the amounts credited to the 
Accumulation Account on the immediately preceding 
Payment Date; less 
(l) 
the Buffer Release Amount, provided that no Early 
Amortisation Event has occurred. 
Final Maturity Date 
For each Series of Notes, the date specified as such in the respective 
Final Terms. 
Applicable Law 
The Notes are governed by the laws of Germany. 
Tax Status of the Notes 
As at the date hereof, payments of interest and other proceeds under 
the Notes may be subject to withholding or deduction for or on 
account of Italian substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva), in accordance 
with Decree 239. Upon the occurrence of any withholding or

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
deduction for or on account of tax from any payments under the 
Notes, neither the Issuer nor any other person shall have any 
obligation to pay any additional amount(s) to any holder of the Notes. 
Selling Restrictions 
See "SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE - Selling Restrictions". 
Clearing Codes for the Notes 
The Clearing Codes for Notes will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made for the Initial Notes issued, and will be 
made with respect to any Further Notes to be issued, under the 
Programme to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and to be admitted to trading at the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
ASSETS AND COLLATERAL 
 
Purchased Receivables 
Under the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement the Issuer has, on 
the Signing Date, purchased from VW Bank Italy, with legal effects 
(effetti legali) on the Signing Date, the Initial Purchased Receivables 
together with the related Loan Collateral, pursuant to and for the 
effects of the combined provisions of article 1 and article 4 of the 
Securitisation Law and the provisions of the Italian law No. 52 of 21 
February 1991, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the 
"Factoring Law") referred to therein and subject to and in accordance 
with the terms of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Furthermore, pursuant to the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement and the relevant Additional Receivables Purchase 
Agreement, prior to the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, VW 
Bank Italy has the right to sell and transfer without recourse (pro 
soluto) to the Issuer any additional purchased receivable complying, 
inter alia, with the Eligibility Criteria (the "Additional Purchased 
Receivables" and, together with the Initial Purchased Receivables, 
the "Purchased Receivables") pursuant to and for the effects of the 
combined provisions of article 1 and article 4 of the Securitisation 
Law and the provisions of the Factoring Law referred to therein. The 
Purchased Receivables will comprise claims against Borrowers in 
respect of Principal, Interest and Loan Administration Fees 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any and all statutory claims 
being commercially equivalent to Principal, Interest and/or Loan 
Administration Fees). 
The Purchased Receivables arise in connection with Loan Contracts 
for the financing of the purchase price of the vehicles. The Loan 
Contracts are primarily originated by Volkswagen, Audi, SEAT, 
Skoda and LCV light commercial vehicles dealers as agents as well 
as by third parties. Under the Loan Contracts, the loans amortise in 
monthly instalments over the life of the Loan Contracts. In addition, 
some of the Loan Contracts may also provide that the loans under the 
Loan Contracts amortise over the life of the Loan Contract in 
substantially equal monthly instalments and a final larger balloon 
instalment (the "Balloon Loan Contracts"). The Balloon Loan 
Contracts are limited to such Balloon Loan Contracts pursuant to 
which, at the final scheduled payment date, the Person to whom the 
Seller has advanced one or more auto loans on the terms of a Loan 
Contract, may exercise its option to make a final payment to acquire

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
full legal title of the vehicles or to return the vehicles in settlement of 
the Balloon Loan Contract (the "AutoCredit Loan Contracts"). 
The Purchased Receivables and the other rights inherent and 
accessory thereto have been selected and will be selected (as the case 
may be) by the Seller so as to meet the Eligibility Criteria set out in 
Schedule 1 to the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement as of the 
relevant Cut-off Date. 
The transfer of the Purchased Receivables and the related Loan 
Collateral by the Seller to the Issuer under the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement shall have economic effects (effetti economici) 
from the relevant Cut-off Date (excluded) and, as a result, any 
Collections received in respect of the Purchased Receivables after the 
relevant Cut-off Date (excluded) shall belong to the Issuer and shall 
be therefore transferred by VW Bank Italy to the Issuer in accordance 
with the provisions of the Servicing Agreement. 
All privileges and guarantees, of any kind or nature, granted by any 
person or otherwise existing in favour of the Seller in relation to the 
Purchased Receivables assigned and transferred to the Issuer under 
the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and the relevant 
Additional Receivables Purchase Agreement (if any) (including, 
without limitation, any Loan Collateral): (a) shall and will be 
transferred in favour of the Issuer as a result of the transfer made 
under the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and the relevant 
Additional Receivables Purchase Agreement; and (b) shall and will 
maintain their validity and their ranking in favour of the Issuer as a 
result of the transfer made under the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement and the relevant Additional Purchased Receivables 
Purchase Agreement, without any formality or annotation being made 
for such purpose. 
As a result of the transfer of the Purchased Receivables pursuant to 
the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and the relevant 
Additional Receivables Purchase Agreement: 
(a) 
all rights of the Seller, as beneficiary, deriving from the 
Insurance Policies issued in connection with the Loan 
Contracts vis-à-vis the relevant Insurance Companies 
(including, without limitation, the right to receive any 
indemnity payment thereunder) (the "Insurance Claims"); 
 
(b) 
all rights to unilaterally alter a contractual relationship which 
are required to enforce the Purchased Receivables 
(including, without limitation, the right to terminate the 
relevant Loan Agreement as a consequence of the breach of 
contract of the Borrower); and 
 
(c) 
any damage claims against Borrowers arising from a breach 
of contract or otherwise, 
are transferred and assigned to the Issuer together with the Purchased 
Receivables. 
Eligible Purchased Receivables and 
Eligible Loan Contracts 
Under the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, VW Bank Italy 
has represented and warranted the following for the purchase of the 
Loan Contracts, as of the relevant Cut-off Date, that:

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
(a) 
the Purchased Receivables constitute legal valid, binding and 
enforceable rights and claims against the respective Borrowers; 
 
(b) 
the Purchased Receivables are assignable and require the 
Borrowers to make monthly payments for a period not 
exceeding eighty-four (84) months from the date of origination 
of the respective Purchased Receivable; 
 
(c) 
the Purchased Receivables are denominated and payable in 
EUR and have fixed rates; 
 
(d) 
VW Bank Italy may dispose of the Purchased Receivables free 
from rights of third parties and free from other encumbrances; 
 
(e) 
the Purchased Receivables are free of defences, whether pre-
emptory or otherwise for the agreed term of the Loan Contract 
as well as free of rights of third parties and, in particular, the 
Borrowers have no set-off rights; 
 
(f) 
no Purchased Receivable is overdue; 
 
(g) 
the status and enforceability of the Purchased Receivables are 
not impaired by set-off rights or due to warranty claims or any 
other rights of the Borrower (even if the Issuer knew or could 
have known on the Cut-off Date of the existence of such 
defences or rights); 
 
(h) 
no Persons to whom the Seller has advanced auto loans on the 
terms of a Loan Contract maintains deposits on accounts with 
VW Bank Italy; 
 
(i) 
none of the Borrowers is an affiliate of Volkswagen AG, 
Familie Porsche Stuttgart und Familie Piech Salzburg Gruppe 
(registered as a single borrower unit at the German Central 
Bank); 
 
(j) 
none of the Borrowers is an employee of VW Bank Italy; 
 
(k) 
according to VW Bank Italy's records, no Loan Contract 
relating to a Purchased Receivable has been terminated or is in 
the process of being terminated; 
 
(l) 
the Purchased Receivables derive from the Loan Contracts 
(including Balloon Loan Contracts but in such case limited to 
AutoCredit Loan Contracts) governed by the laws of Italy; 
 
(m) 
the Loan Contracts relating to the Purchased Receivables have 
been entered into exclusively with Borrowers which, if they are 
corporate entities have their registered office in Italy or, if they 
are individuals have their place of residence in Italy; 
 
(n) 
at least two instalments have been paid in respect of each of the 
Purchased Receivables; 
 
(o) 
the aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance of Purchased 
Receivables resulting from Loan Contracts with one and the

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
same Borrower will not exceed 0.5% of the Aggregate 
Discounted Receivables Balance; 
 
(p) 
the Loan Contracts relating to the Purchased Receivables 
which are subject to the provisions of the Italian law on 
consumer financing, comply in all material respects with the 
requirements of such provisions and, in particular contain 
legally accurate instructions in respect of the right of 
revocation of the Borrowers and that none of the Borrowers has 
used its right of revocation within the term of revocation; 
 
(q) 
according to VW Bank Italy's records, no insolvency 
proceedings are initiated against any of the Borrowers; 
 
(r) 
the purchase of the Purchased Receivables will not result in the 
Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance of all Purchased 
Receivables exceeding the following concentration limits with 
respect to the percentage of Discounted Receivables Balance 
generated 
under 
Loan 
Contracts 
for 
used 
vehicles 
(concentration limit: 40 per cent.), Classic Credit for used 
vehicles (concentration limit: 20 per cent.) and Loan Contracts 
for non-VW group brand vehicles (concentration limit: 10 per 
cent.); and 
 
(s) 
the Purchased Receivables meet the Eligibility Criteria as of 
the relevant Cut-off Date. 
In the event of a breach of any of the warranties set forth above on the 
Closing Date or on each relevant Payment Date which materially and 
adversely affects the interests of the Issuer or the Noteholders, VW 
Bank Italy shall be entitled, until the end of the Monthly Period in 
which the sixtieth (60th) day (or, if VW Bank Italy so elects, an earlier 
date) after VW Bank Italy was notified or otherwise became aware of 
such breach falls, to cure or remedy such breach. 
Any such breach shall not be deemed to have a material and adverse 
effect if such breach does not affect the ability of the Issuer to receive 
and retain timely payment in full on the related Purchased 
Receivable(s). 
The Issuer's sole remedy will be to require VW Bank Italy to take one 
of the following remedial actions: 
(i) remedy the matter giving rise to such breach if such matter is 
capable of remedy provided that, if a remedy within the time 
period specified above is not practicable, VW Bank Italy may 
remedy such breach by the last day of the following Monthly 
Period; or 
(ii) repurchase the relevant Purchased Receivable at a price equal to 
the Settlement Amount of such Purchased Receivable as of the 
Monthly Period immediately preceding such repurchase 
provided that, if it is not practicable to repurchase such 
Purchased Receivable within the time period specified above, 
VW Bank Italy may repurchase such Purchased Receivable on 
the Payment Date immediately following the last day of the 
following Monthly Period. 
Initial Cut-Off Date 
31 May 2024.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Additional Rights 
Under the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Issuer has 
purchased certain rights associated with the transfer of the Purchased 
Receivables. 
Purchase 
Price 
of 
the 
Initial 
Purchased Receivables 
The Purchase Price of the Initial Purchased Receivables will be an 
amount of EUR 1,930,400,000, which is equal to the Aggregate Date 
Discounted Receivables Balance less (i) an amount of EUR 
49,612,870.71 for overcollateralisation purposes and less (ii) the 
Initial Cash Collateral Amount. 
The obligation of the Issuer to make payment of the Purchase Price of 
the Initial Purchased Receivables is subject to: 
(i) 
all the formalities set forth under clause 4 of the Master 
Receivables Purchase Agreement having been perfected; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Issuer of the proceeds from the Issue of the Notes 
and the Subordinated Loan. 
No interest shall accrue on the Purchase Price of the Initial Purchased 
Receivables between the Signing Date and the Initial Issue Date or 
any other date on which such Purchase Price of the Initial Purchased 
Receivables is paid to the Seller. 
Additional Receivables Purchase 
Price 
As consideration for the purchase of the relevant Additional 
Purchased Receivables, the Issuer shall pay to the Seller the 
Additional Receivables Purchase Price. 
The Additional Receivables Purchase Price must not exceed the 
Accumulation Amount available on such Additional Purchase Date. 
The Additional Receivables Purchase Price shall be due and payable 
on the relevant Additional Purchase Date. The Additional Receivables 
Purchase Price shall be debited as at the relevant Additional Purchase 
Date from the Accumulation Account. 
Buffer Release Amount 
To the extent the Buffer Release Rate is zero (0) or a positive number, 
an amount equal to the Buffer Release Amount will be paid by the 
Issuer to the Seller by means of a deduction of such Buffer Release 
Amount from the Available Distribution Amount provided that no 
Early Amortisation Event has occurred. 
Cash Collateral Amount 
On the Initial Issue Date, the Issuer will deposit EUR 20,000,000.00 
(representing 1.00 per cent. of the Aggregate Date Discounted 
Receivables Balance of the Initial Purchased Receivables) as Initial 
Cash Collateral Amount in the Cash Collateral Account. 
Subordinated Loan 
The Subordinated Loan Provider has agreed to grant the Subordinated 
Loan in a total initial nominal amount of EUR 170,400,000 to the 
Issuer on the Closing Date. Subject to the terms of the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Provider may agree from 
time to time to grant additional advances up to a total amount of the 
Subordinated Loan of EUR 320,000,000.00 provided that the 
Subordinated Loan Provider shall be required to grant additional 
advances to the extent required to increase the loan amount by the 
Subordinated Loan Increase Amount or the Borrowing Base Cure 
Amount, as applicable. The Subordinated Loan serves as credit 
enhancement and ranks below the Notes with respect to payment of 
interest and principal.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
Overcollateralisation 
In addition, as at the Closing Date, the Aggregate Date Discounted 
Receivables Balance of the Initial Purchased Receivables will exceed 
the sum of (i) the nominal amount of the Notes and (ii) the amount of 
the Subordinated Loan by an amount of EUR 49,612,870.71. 
IMPORTANT TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS AND TRANSACTION FEATURES 
Master 
Receivables 
Purchase 
Agreement 
and 
Additional 
Receivables Purchase Agreements 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement and each relevant Additional Receivables Purchase 
Agreement, the Issuer will acquire the Purchased Receivables from 
the Seller. 
Early Settlement 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement the Issuer will be entitled to demand from the Seller, as a 
contractual remedy, the retransfer of a Purchased Receivable in 
certain circumstances against payment of the Settlement Amount. 
These circumstances include, inter alia, the assertion of invalidity of 
any part of the relevant Loan Contract or of a Borrower's right to 
withhold payments. "Settlement Amount" means, in relation to a 
Purchased Receivable, the amount payable by VW Bank Italy upon 
an Event of Legitimate Repudiation of Loan Contract or upon a 
repurchase of such Purchased Receivable pursuant to clause 8 
(Warranties by VW Bank Italy with respect to the Purchased 
Receivbables) of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, which 
shall be an amount equal to the Discounted Receivables Balance of 
the affected Purchased Receivable at Early Settlement less any 
prepayment penalty collected by the Issuer in respect of such 
Purchased Receivable. 
Any such retransfer or Early Settlement of the relevant Purchased 
Receivables will lead to an early repayment under the Notes. See 
"RISK FACTORS – Risks relating to the Purchased Receivables – 
Risk of Early Repayment". 
Clean-Up Call 
Under the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, VW Bank Italy 
will have the option to exercise a Clean-Up Call and to repurchase the 
Purchased Receivables from the Issuer on any Payment Date after the 
end of the Revolving Period, provided that the Clean-Up Call 
Conditions are satisfied. 
The repurchase price due and payable by the Seller to the Issuer for 
all the outstanding Purchased Receivables repurchased pursuant to the 
Clean-Up Call (the "Clean-Up Call Settlement Amount") shall be 
equal to the lesser of (a) an amount equal to the outstanding Aggregate 
Discounted Receivables Balance which would have become due if the 
Clean-Up Call had not occurred, calculated on the last calendar day 
of the month in which the repurchase is to become effective; and (b) 
an amount equal to the theoretical present value of the Purchased 
Receivables remaining to be paid in the future, calculated using a 
discount rate equal to (i) the weighted average (calculated based on 
the outstanding principal amount of Notes and the outstanding 
principal amount of the Subordinated Loan as of the end of the 
Monthly Period) of the Notes Interest Rate and the Subordinated Loan 
Interest Rate, plus (ii) the Servicer Fee at a rate of 1.00 per cent. per 
annum, and plus (iii) 0.03 per cent. for administrative costs and fees.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
It shall be calculated as at the last calendar day of the month in which 
the repurchase is to become effective. 
For the purposes of calculating the Clean-Up Call Settlement 
Amount, the risk of losses inherent to the relevant Purchased 
Receivables shall be taken into account on the basis of the risk status 
of such Purchased Receivables assessed by VW Bank Italy 
immediately prior to the buyback becoming effective. 
The Seller shall be entitled to exercise the Clean-Up Call only if the 
Clean-Up Call Settlement Amount, together with any other amounts 
available to the Issuer for such purpose, is sufficient to allow the 
Issuer to discharge all of its outstanding liabilities in respect of the 
Notes and any amount required to be paid under the applicable Order 
of Priority in priority to, or pari passu with, such Notes. 
Servicing Agreement 
Under the Servicing Agreement VW Bank Italy agrees to, inter alia: 
(a) 
service and collect the Purchased Receivables in accordance 
with its customary business practices in effect from time to 
time; 
(b) 
administer the related Loan Contracts and in particular, in 
the event of a Borrower default, to terminate the respective 
Loan Contract for good cause; 
(c) 
transfer to the Collection Account all the Collections in 
respect of the Purchased Receivables by no later than the 
second Business Day after the relevant Collection Date. In 
addition, on the Initial Issue Date, the Servicer shall credit 
on the Collection Account all Collections received, if any, in 
respect of the Purchased Receivables from the Cut-off Date 
(included) to the Initial Issue Date (excluded); and 
(d) 
perform other tasks incidental to the above. 
Trust Agreement 
The Issuer has entered into the Trust Agreement with, inter alios, the 
Security Trustee, the Seller and the Servicer, under which the Security 
Trustee has agreed to act as security trustee for the Transaction 
Creditors and under which the Issuer has granted to the Security 
Trustee the Trustee Claim, which includes, but is not limited to, the 
obligation of the Issuer to duly make all payments that are owed to 
the holders of the Notes, to the Subordinated Loan Provider and to the 
other Transaction Creditors, in each case in accordance with the 
Transaction Documents, directly to the Security Trustee for purposes 
of on-transfer of such amounts to the respective Transaction 
Creditors. 
As security for the Trustee Claim, the Issuer has assigned or 
transferred (as applicable) the following rights to the Security Trustee 
for security purposes: 
(a) 
all its present and future claims and other rights arising from 
the German Law Transaction Documents (but excluding all 
its present and future claims (i) against the Security Trustee 
arising under the Trust Agreement as well as its present and 
future claims under the Accounts, which, with the exception 
of the Collection Account,are pledged under the Trust 
Agreement, and (ii) under the Swap Agreements entered into

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
by the Issuer in relation to the Floating Rate Notes, which are 
charged and assigned to the Security Trustee under the 
Security Assignment Deed) and from all present and future 
contracts the Issuer has entered or may enter into in 
connection with the Notes, the Subordinated Loan, the Swap 
Agreements entered into by the Issuer in relation to the 
Floating Rate Notes, the Purchased Receivables and related 
Loan Collateral or the other Transaction Documents, in each 
case to the extent governed by German law; and 
(b) 
all transferable (then) present and future claims in respect of 
all bank accounts which will be opened under the Account 
Agreement or the Trust Agreement in the name of the Issuer 
in the future (but excluding the Collection Account), 
in each case including any and all related non-ancillary (selbständige) 
and ancillary (unselbständige) rights to determine unilaterally legal 
relationships (Gestaltungsrechte), including any termination rights 
(Kündigungsrechte). 
Security Assignment Deed 
The Issuer has assigned its rights, title and interest in any Swap 
Agreements entered into in relation to the Floating Rate Notes by way 
of security in favour of the Security Trustee, pursuant to the Security 
Assignment Deed. The Security Trustee will hold such rights, title and 
interest on trust for itself and as trustee for the Transaction Creditors. 
Account Agreement 
Under the terms of the Account Agreement, the Issuer has opened and 
will maintain the Distribution Account, the Cash Collateral Account, 
the Swap Termination Payment Account and the Accumulation 
Account with the Account Bank.  
Following the downgrade of the Swap Counterparty's rating, the 
Account Bank will, upon request by the Issuer, open the Counterparty 
Downgrade Collateral Account within ten (10) Business Days in the 
name of and for the benefit of the Issuer. The Counterparty 
Downgrade Collateral Account will be a cash only account. 
Should the Account Bank cease to have the Account Bank Required 
Ratings or an Account Bank Required Guarantee, the Account Bank 
will be required to procure transfer, within sixty (60) days, of the 
accounts held with it to an Eligible Collateral Bank, notified to it by 
the Issuer.  
Collection Account Bank Agreement 
Under the terms of the Collection Account Bank Agreement, the 
Issuer has opened and will maintain the Collection Account.  
Swap Agreements 
In connection with each Series of Floating Rate Notes, the Issuer will 
enter into a Swap Agreement with the Swap Counterparty. Each Swap 
Agreement will hedge the interest rate risk deriving from fixed rate 
interest payments owed by the Borrowers to the Issuer under the 
Purchased Receivables, on the one hand, and the floating rate interest 
payments owed by the Issuer under the Floating Rate Notes of the 
relevant Series, on the other hand.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
Corporate Services Agreement 
The Issuer will enter into the Corporate Services Agreement with, 
inter alios, the Corporate Services Provider pursuant to which the 
Corporate Services Provider will perform certain administrative and 
corporate services for the Issuer, including the provision of 
accounting services for the Issuer and the support to the sole director 
/ directors of the Issuer in any corporate law matters and provide the 
registered residence of the Issuer. 
Subordinated Loan Agreement 
Pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Subordinated 
Loan Provider has undertaken to make available to the Issuer, on the 
Initial Issue Date, a Subordinated Loan for an amount equal to EUR 
170,400,000. Such amount will be credited on the Issue Date by the 
Subordinated Loan Provider into the Distribution Account. Subject to 
the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Subordinated 
Loan Provider may agree from time to time to grant additional 
advances up to a total amount of the Subordinated Loan of EUR 
320,000,000.00 provided that the Subordinated Loan Provider shall 
be required to grant additional advances to the extent required to 
increase the loan amount by the Subordinated Loan Increase Amount 
or the Borrowing Base Cure Amount, as applicable.  
Risk Factors 
Prospective investors in the Notes should consider, among other 
things, risk factors in connection with the Notes. Such risk factors as 
described herein may influence the ability of the Issuer to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes. The 
risks in connection with the investment in the Notes include, inter 
alia, risks relating to the assets and the Transaction Documents, risks 
relating to the Notes and risks relating to the Issuer. These risk factors 
represent a non-exhaustive list of risks which are specific to the 
situation of the Issuer and/or the Notes and which are material for 
taking investment decisions by the potential Noteholders. Although 
the Issuer believes that the various structural elements described in 
this document mitigate some of these risks for Noteholders, there can 
be no assurance that these measures will be sufficient to ensure 
payment to Noteholders of interest, principal or any other amounts on 
or in connection with the Notes on a timely basis or at all. See "RISK 
FACTORS".

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Private Driver Italia 2024-1 
S.r.l. 
 
Repayment of 
Subordinated Loan 
Fixed Rate payments 
Floating Rate 
Payments in respect of 
shortfall 
Payments to provide the 
General Cash Collateral 
Amount 
Volkswagen Bank GmbH 
(Subordinated Loan 
Provider) 
Loan Amount 
Cash Collateral 
Account 
Swap Counterparty 
Volkswagen Bank 
GmbH – Italian 
Branch 
(Seller/Servicer) 
Noteholders 
Interest 
and 
Principal payment 
Proceeds from Issue 
of Notes 
Purchase Price 
Sale and Transfer of 
Receivables

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
RISK FACTORS 
THE PURCHASE OF THE NOTES MAY INVOLVE SUBSTANTIAL RISKS AND BE SUITABLE ONLY 
FOR INVESTORS WHO HAVE THE KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE IN FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS 
MATTERS NECESSARY TO ENABLE THEM TO EVALUATE THE RISKS AND THE MERITS OF AN 
INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES. PRIOR TO MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS SHOULD CAREFULLY CONSIDER IN LIGHT OF THEIR OWN FINANCIAL 
CIRCUMSTANCES AND INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES ALL THE INFORMATION SET FORTH IN THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS AND, IN PARTICULAR, THE CONSIDERATIONS SET FORTH BELOW. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD MAKE SUCH INQUIRIES AS THEY DEEM NECESSARY 
WITHOUT RELYING ON THE ISSUER OR THE ARRANGER OR ANY OTHER PARTY. 
The following is a disclosure of risk factors that are material with respect to the Issuer and the Notes issued under 
the Programme that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and of risk factors that 
are related to the Notes (and the assets backing such Notes) issued under this Base Prospectus. Prospective 
purchasers of Notes should consider these risk factors, together with the information in this Base Prospectus before 
deciding to purchase Notes issued under the Programme. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are also advised to consult their own tax advisors, legal advisors, accountants, or 
other relevant advisors as to the risks associated with, and consequences of, the purchase, ownership and 
disposition of Notes, including the effect of any laws of each country in which they are a resident. In addition, 
investors should be aware that the risks described may correlate and thus intensify one another. 
I. 
Risks that are specific and material to the Issuer 
Credit Risk of the Parties 
The Issuer is subject to the risk of, among other things, (i) delay arising between the scheduled payment dates and 
the date of receipt of payments due from the Borrowers, (ii) default in payments by the Borrowers, and (iii) the 
failure by the Servicer to collect and recover sufficient funds in respect of the Purchased Receivables in order to 
enable the Issuer to discharge all amounts payable under the Notes. 
The ability of the Issuer to make any principal and interest payments in respect of the Notes depends to a large 
extent upon the ability of the parties to the Transaction Documents to perform their contractual obligations. In 
particular, the timely payment of amounts due in respect of the Notes depends on the ability of the Servicer to 
service the Purchased Receivables. It is not certain that the Servicer will duly perform at all times its obligations 
under the Servicing Agreement and that a suitable alternative Servicer could be available to service the Purchased 
Receivables if VW Bank Italy becomes insolvent or its appointment under the Servicing Agreement is otherwise 
terminated. A specific risk is thus foreseen as no assurance can be given as to the credit worthiness of these parties 
or that the credit worthiness will not decline in the future. 
Prospective Noteholders should further note that, following the insolvency of the Servicer, the Issuer (or the 
substitute servicer on behalf of the Issuer) will have to issue new payment instructions to the Borrowers to pay 
directly to the Issuer. A specific risk is thus as no assurance can be given as to the impact of said change in payment 
instructions on the payments from the Borrowers, and the prospective Noteholders should be aware of that. 
Commingling Risk 
If VW Bank Italy, in its capacity as Servicer, is unable to remit and/or deposit the funds owed to the Issuer pursuant 
to the Servicing Agreement or becomes insolvent, losses or delays in payments under the Notes may occur.  
The Issuer is subject to the risk that, in the event of insolvency of the Servicer, the collections then held by the 
Servicer are lost or temporarily unavailable to the Issuer. However, such risk has been mitigated by the recent 
amendments made to the Securitisation Law in respect to the segregation of the accounts opened in the context of 
securitisation transactions. Nevertheless, given the novelty of said amendments, their actual impact on transactions 
as the present one has not been tested yet and the prospective Noteholders should be aware of that. 
Conflicts of Interest

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
VW Bank Italy is acting in a number of capacities in connection with the Transaction. VW Bank Italy will have 
only those duties and responsibilities expressly agreed to by it in the relevant agreement and will not be deemed 
to (i) have any other duties or responsibilities or (ii) be held to a standard of care other than as expressly provided 
with respect to each agreement to which it is a party. VW Bank Italy in its various capacities in connection with 
the Transaction may enter into business dealings from which it may derive revenues and profits without any duty 
to account therefore in connection with the Transaction. 
In particular, VW Bank Italy may hold and/or service claims against the Borrowers other than the Purchased 
Receivables. The interests or obligations of these parties in their respective capacities with respect to such other 
claims may in certain aspects conflict with the interests of the Noteholders. 
VW Bank Italy may engage in commercial relationships, in particular, be lender, provide general banking, 
investment and other financial services to the Borrowers and other parties. In such relationships VW Bank Italy is 
not obliged to take into account the interests of the Noteholders. Accordingly, because of these relationships, 
potential conflicts of interest may arise out of the Transaction and both the Notes (and/or the servicing thereof) 
and, ultimately, the Issuer (and therefore prospective Noteholders) may be affected.  
Termination for Good Cause (Kündigung aus wichtigem Grund) 
As a general principle of German law, a contract may always be terminated for good cause (Kündigung aus 
wichtigem Grund) and such right may not be totally excluded nor may it be subject to unreasonable restrictions or 
the consent from a third party. This may also have an impact on several limitations on the right of the parties to 
terminate any of the German Law Transaction Documents for good cause. 
II. 
Risks relating to the Purchased Receivables 
Historical and Other Information  
The historical information set out in particular in "DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO" reflects the historical 
experience and sets out the procedures applied by the initial Servicer to the Portfolio of the Seller. None of the 
Issuer, the Swap Counterparty, the Arranger, the Security Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent or the Corporate 
Services Provider has undertaken or will undertake any investigation or review of, or search to verify the historical 
information. The past performance of financial assets is no assurance as to the future performance of the respective 
assets.  
Risk of Late Payment of Monthly Instalments 
In the event a late payment is made in relation to Purchased Receivables becoming due in the respective Monthly 
Period, the risk of delayed payment under the Notes is mitigated for the Noteholders by the General Cash Collateral 
Amount which will be used to cover any shortfall resulting from such late payments. There is, however, the risk 
that returns on the Notes may be affected considering that funds standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral 
Account are available for such purpose only to the extent they are not used to discharge payment obligations that 
rank senior to the Noteholders according to the applicable Order of Priority and the prospective Noteholders should 
be aware of that. 
Risk of Early Repayment 
In the event that the Loan Contracts underlying the Purchased Receivables are prematurely terminated or otherwise 
settled early, the Noteholders will (not taking into account any loss suffered by the Issuer with respect to some or 
all of the Purchased Receivables, which is described below) be repaid the principal which they invested, but will 
receive interest for a period of time that is shorter than the period originally stipulated in the respective Loan 
Contract. The prospective Noteholders should be aware of that. 
Risk of Losses on the Purchased Receivables  
The risk for Noteholders not to receive the principal amount outstanding of the Notes is designed to be mitigated 
by (i) the funds credited to the Cash Collateral Account, to the extent such funds are available to cover any principal 
shortfalls on the Notes, (ii) the subordination of the Subordinated Loan to the Notes and (iii) the excess of the 
Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance over the sum of the total nominal amount of the Notes and the

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
Subordinated Loan. However, no assurance can be given that the Noteholders will receive for each Note the total 
principal amount outstanding of such Note plus interest as stated in the respective Final Terms or that distributions 
will correspond to the monthly payments originally agreed upon in the underlying Loan Contracts. Furthermore, 
there is no assurance that the assumptions and estimates contained in this Base Prospectus regarding the 
amortisation of the Purchased Receivables will prove in any way to be realistic, and the value of Notes may be 
affected if they prove to be wrong. 
Market Value of Purchased Receivables  
There is no assurance that the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance will at all times be equal to or greater 
than the principal amount outstanding of the Notes. 
Performance of the Purchased Receivables  
The Purchased Receivables, related to Loan Contracts governed by Italian law, (i) were classified as performing 
(crediti in bonis) by the Seller in accordance with the Bank of Italy’s guidelines as at the Cut-Off Date, and (ii) 
have characteristics that show the capacity to produce funds to service payments due on the Notes. However, there 
can be no guarantee that the Borrowers will not default under such Loan Contracts or that they will continue to 
perform thereunder. It should be noted that adverse changes in economic conditions may affect the ability of the 
Borrowers to repay the Purchased Receivables and the prospective Noteholders should be aware of that. 
Moreover, the recovery of overdue amounts in respect of the Purchased Receivables may be affected by numerous 
factors, including the length of enforcement proceedings in respect of the Purchased Receivables, which in the 
Republic of Italy can take a considerable amount of time depending on the type of action required and where such 
action is taken. 
Reliance on Warranties 
If the Purchased Receivables should partially or totally fail to conform to the representations and warranties given 
by VW Bank Italy in the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and/or in the relevant Additional Receivables 
Purchase Agreement there is the risk that such failure may materially and adversely affects the interests of the 
Issuer or the Noteholders. Such failure may affect the ability of the Issuer to receive and retain timely payment in 
full on such Purchased Receivable and, if VW Bank Italy does not cure or correct such failure in a timely manner 
pursuant to the Transaction Documents, then VW Bank Italy is required to repurchase any Purchased Receivable 
affected by such failure on the Payment Date following the expiration of such period. The Issuer's rights under 
these provisions are, however, not secured, and the Noteholders bear the risk deriving from this fact. 
Recoveries under the Loan Contracts 
Following default by a Borrower under a Loan Contract, the Servicer will be required to take steps to recover the 
sums due under the Loan Contract in accordance with its customary practices in effect from time to time and the 
Servicing Agreement. 
The Servicer may take steps to recover the deficiency from the Borrower. Such steps could include an out-of-court 
settlement; however, legal proceedings may be taken against the Borrower if the Servicer is of the view that the 
potential recovery would exceed the costs of the enforcement measures (including proceedings for the forced sale 
of debtors’ properties, lasting in average three years, for movable goods, and seven years, for real estate assets). 
In such event, due to the complexity of and the time involved in carrying out legal or insolvency proceedings 
against the Borrower and the possibility for challenges, defences and appeals by the Borrower, there can be no 
assurance that any such proceedings would result in the payment in full of outstanding amounts under the relevant 
Loan Contract and the prospective Noteholders should be aware of that. 
Reliance on Administration and Collection Procedures 
VW Bank Italy, in its capacity as Servicer, will carry out the administration, collection and enforcement of the 
Purchased Receivables, in accordance with the Servicing Agreement (see "ADMINISTRATION OF THE 
PURCHASED RECEIVABLES UNDER THE SERVICING AGREEMENT").

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
Accordingly, the Noteholders are (i) relying on the business judgement and practices of VW Bank Italy as they 
exist from time to time, in its capacity as Servicer, including in relation to enforcing claims against Borrowers, 
and ultimately (ii) bearing the risk relating to the actual soundness of said business judgment and practices, 
possibly affecting any return on the Notes. 
Risk of change of the Servicer 
In the event VW Bank Italy is replaced as Servicer, there may be losses or delays in processing payments or losses 
on the Purchased Receivables due to a disruption in servicing during a transfer to a successor Servicer, or because 
the successor Servicer is not as experienced as VW Bank Italy. This may cause delays in payments or losses under 
the Notes. 
III. 
Risks relating to the Notes 
Ratings of the Notes 
Each rating assigned to the Notes by the Rating Agencies takes into consideration the structural and legal aspects 
associated with the Notes and the underlying Purchased Receivables, the credit quality of the Purchased 
Receivables, the extent to which the Borrowers' payments under the Purchased Receivables are adequate to make 
the payments required under the Notes as well as other relevant features of the structure, including, inter alia, the 
credit situation of the Swap Counterparty, the Account Bank, the Collection Account Bank, the Seller and the 
Servicer (if different). Each Rating Agency's rating reflects only the view of that Rating Agency. Generally 
speaking and depending on the rating methodology, a rating assigned to the Notes assigned by the Rating Agencies 
addresses the likelihood of full and timely payment to the Noteholders of all payments of interest on the Notes on 
each Payment Date and the ultimate payment of principal on the Final Maturity Date of the Notes and takes into 
consideration the characteristics of the Purchased Receivables and the structural, legal, tax and Issuer-related 
aspects associated with the Notes. 
Further, the Rating Agencies may revise rating methodologies which could result in ratings assigned to contractual 
counterparties to be lowered or withdrawn. 
The Issuer has not requested a rating of the Notes by any rating agency other than the Rating Agencies. However, 
rating organisations other than the Rating Agencies may seek to rate the Notes and, if such "shadow ratings" or 
"unsolicited ratings" are lower than the comparable ratings assigned to the Notes by the Rating Agencies, such 
shadow or unsolicited ratings could have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. Future events, including 
events affecting the Account Bank, VW Bank Italy, the Collection Account Bank and the Servicer (if different) 
could also have an adverse effect on the rating of the Notes. However, such risk is partially mitigated by the 
respective downgrade provisions of the Account Agreement whereby the Account Bank, if it ceases to have the 
Account Bank Required Rating, is required to transfer its obligations under the Account Agreement to, or provide 
a guarantee from, an eligible third party who has the Account Bank Required Rating. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or 
withdrawal at any time by the rating organisation. The ratings assigned to the Notes should be evaluated 
independently from similar ratings on other types of securities. There is no assurance that the ratings will continue 
for any period of time or that they will not be lowered, reviewed, suspended or withdrawn by the Rating Agencies. 
In the event that the ratings initially assigned to the Notes by the Rating Agencies are subsequently withdrawn or 
lowered for any reason, no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional support or credit enhancement to 
the Notes and the prospective Noteholders should be aware of that.  
Market and Liquidity Risk for the Notes 
Presently, there is no secondary market for the Notes and there is no guarantee that a liquid secondary market will 
develop in future. If there are no market activities (i.e. bids and offers), it is unlikely that a liquid secondary market 
will develop. Even if such a market is established, there is no guarantee that it will provide sufficient liquidity to 
sell each Note. Accordingly, investors should be prepared to hold their investment in the Notes until final maturity. 
Further, the secondary markets in general are currently experiencing severe disruptions resulting from reduced 
investor demand for asset-backed securities and increased investor yield requirements for those securities. As a

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
result, the secondary market for asset-backed securities is experiencing extremely limited liquidity. These 
conditions may continue or worsen in the future. Limited liquidity in the secondary market for asset-backed 
securities has had a severe adverse effect on the market value of asset-backed securities and may continue to have 
a severe adverse effect on the market value of asset-backed securities, especially those securities that are more 
sensitive to prepayment, credit or interest rate risk and those securities that have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. Consequently, any purchaser of the Notes must be 
prepared to hold such Notes for an indefinite period of time or until final redemption or maturity of such Notes. 
The market values of the Notes are likely to fluctuate. Any such fluctuation may be significant and could result in 
significant losses to investors in the Notes. In addition, the forced sale into the market of asset-backed securities 
held by structured investment vehicles, hedge funds, issuers of collateralised debt obligations and other similar 
entities that are currently experiencing funding difficulties could adversely affect an investor's ability to sell, and/or 
the price an investor receives for, the Notes in the secondary market. 
To facilitate the continuous valuation and the trading in the Notes, the Issuer will, pursuant to the Conditions of 
the Notes, each month publish or procure the publication of a notes factor for each Series of Notes, which will be 
the ratio of the aggregate nominal amount of each Series of Notes then outstanding to the original principal amount 
of such Series of Notes. The calculation of the notes factor is described in the definition of such term. 
No Right in Purchased Receivables  
The ownership of a Note does not confer any right to, or interest in, any Purchased Receivable nor any right against 
any Borrower nor any third party under or in connection with the Loan Contracts or against the Seller or the 
Servicer. 
Risks in connection with the application of the German Debenture Act (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen 
aus Gesamtemissionen (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz - SchVG)) 
The Conditions, which are governed by German law, may be modified through contractual agreement to be 
concluded between the Issuer and all holders of Notes of the same Series as provided for in section 4 of the German 
Debenture Act (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz - 
SchVG)) or by a resolution adopted by the holders of Notes of the same Series pursuant to sections 5 to 22 of 
aforementioned act and in accordance with the terms and conditions with unanimous consent of the Noteholders. 
Therefore, a Noteholder is subject to the risk of being outvoted and of being deprived of its individual rights under 
the Conditions against the Issuer against his will in the case that the Noteholders agree pursuant to the Conditions 
to amendments of the Conditions by majority vote according to the German Debenture Act. In case of an 
appointment of a Noteholder's representative for all holders of Notes of the same Series pursuant to the German 
Debenture Act, such Noteholder's representative is exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the rights of all 
holders of Notes of the same Series and a particular Noteholder may lose, in whole or in part, the possibility to 
enforce and claim his rights against the Issuer. 
Floating Rate Notes - Interest Rate Risk / Risk of Swap Counterparty Insolvency 
The Purchased Receivables bear interest at fixed rates while the Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at floating 
rates based on one-month EURIBOR. The Issuer will hedge the afore-described interest rate risk and will use 
payments made by the Swap Counterparty (calculated with respect to the swap notional amount which is equal to 
the outstanding Floating Rate Notes balance on the immediately preceding Payment Date) to make payments on 
the Floating Rate Notes on each Payment Date. For each Series of Floating Rate Notes the Issuer will enter into a 
separate Swap Agreement.  
During periods in which floating rates interests payable by the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreements 
are substantially greater than the fixed rates interests payable by the Issuer under such Swap Agreements, the Issuer 
will be more dependent on receiving net payments from the Swap Counterparty in order to make interest payments 
on the relevant Series of Notes. If, in such a period, the Swap Counterparty fails to pay any amounts when due 
under a Swap Agreement, the Collections from the Purchased Receivables and the General Cash Collateral 
Amount may be insufficient to make the required payments on the Notes and the Noteholders may experience 
delays and/or reductions in the interest and principal payments on the Notes.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
During periods in which floating rates interests payable by the Swap Counterparty under a Swap Agreement are 
less than the fixed rates interests payable by the Issuer under such Swap Agreement, the Issuer will be obliged 
under such Swap Agreement to make a net payment to the Swap Counterparty. The Swap Counterparty's claims 
for payment (including certain termination payments required to be made by the Issuer upon a termination of a 
Swap Agreement) under the Swap Agreements will rank higher in priority than all payments on the Notes. If the 
payment under a Swap Agreement is due to the Swap Counterparty on a Payment Date, the Collections from the 
Purchased Receivables and the General Cash Collateral Amount may be insufficient to make the required payments 
to the Swap Counterparty and to the Noteholders, so that the Noteholders may experience delays and/or reductions 
in the interest and principal payments on the Notes. 
The Swap Counterparty may become insolvent or may suffer from a rating downgrade, in which case it would 
have to be replaced or, in case of a certain rating downgrade would have to provide collateral. A Swap Agreement 
may also be terminated by either party due to an event of default or a termination event. However, there can be no 
assurance that a guarantor or replacement Swap Counterparty will be found or that the amount of collateral will 
be sufficient to meet the Swap Counterparty's obligations. Nevertheless, the Issuer shall use its best efforts to find 
a replacement Swap Counterparty. In such events the Noteholders may experience delays and/or reductions in the 
interest and principal payments due in respect of such Series of Notes. 
The enforceability of a contractual provision which alters the priorities of payments to subordinate the claim of 
the Swap Counterparty (to the claims of other creditors of its counterparty) upon the occurrence of an insolvency 
of or other default by the Swap Counterparty has been challenged in the English and U.S. courts. However, this is 
an aspect of cross border insolvency law which remains untested. Whilst the priority issue is considered largely 
resolved in England and Wales, concerns still remain that the English and U.S. courts will diverge in their approach 
which, in the case of an unfavourable decision in the U.S., may adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make 
payments on the Notes. If a creditor of the Issuer (such as the Swap Counterparty) or a related entity becomes 
subject to insolvency proceedings in any jurisdiction outside England and Wales (including, but not limited to, the 
US), and it is owed a payment by the Issuer, a question arises as to whether the insolvent creditor or any insolvency 
official appointed in respect of that creditor could successfully challenge the validity and/or enforceability of 
subordination provisions included in the Transaction Documents (such as a provision of the relevant Order of 
Priority which refers to the ranking of the Swap Counterparty's rights in respect of certain amounts under the Swap 
Agreements). In particular there is a risk that such subordination provisions would not be upheld under US 
bankruptcy law. Such laws may be relevant in certain circumstances with respect to a range of entities which may 
act as a Swap Counterparty, including US established entities and certain non-US established entities with assets 
or operations in the US (although the scope of any such proceedings may be limited if the relevant non-US entity 
is a bank with a licensed branch in a US state). In general, if a subordination provision included in the Transaction 
Documents was successfully challenged under the insolvency laws of any relevant jurisdiction outside England 
and Wales and any relevant foreign judgment or order was recognised by the English courts, such actions may 
adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, the rating and/or the market value of the Notes and/or the ability of 
the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes - Reform of EURIBOR Determinations 
EURIBOR qualifies as a benchmark (a "Benchmark") within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 
2014/17/EC and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"), which is applicable since 1 
January 2018. Currently, EURIBOR has been identified as a "critical benchmark" within the meaning of the 
Benchmark Regulation. The Benchmark Regulation applies to "contributors", "administrators" and "users" of 
benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) in the EU, and among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be 
authorised and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of benchmarks and (ii) ban 
the use of benchmarks of unauthorised administrators. EURIBOR is administered by European Money Markets 
Institute which is registered in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Should the European Money Markets Institute become de-registered from 
ESMA's register of administrators and benchmarks, there is a risk that the use of EURIBOR might be banned in 
accordance with the Benchmark Regulation. 
The Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK Benchmarks Regulation") contains similar requirements with respect to the UK, in particular the

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
requirement for benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-UK-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to 
the administration of benchmarks and prevent certain uses by UK-supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-UK based, deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). The transitional period for third country benchmarks has been extended to 31 December 2030. 
Any consequential changes to EURIBOR as a result of the European Union, or other international, national, or 
other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing 
and manner of implementation of such changes could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return 
on, the Floating Rate Notes. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing 
to administer or participate in certain Benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules of methodologies used in certain 
Benchmarks, adversely affect the performance of a Benchmark or lead to the disappearance of certain Benchmarks.  
If the change in the methodology used in the EURIBOR is material, the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, will have 
the right to determine the Substitute Reference Rate in its reasonable discretion, but subject to a prior coordination 
with the Security Trustee, to replace EURIBOR. There can be no assurance, however, that an appropriate 
Substitute Reference Rate will be available in such a situation and, if available, that the Substitute Reference Rate 
will generate interest payments under the Floating Rate Notes resulting in the Noteholders receiving the same yield 
that he would have received had EURIBOR been applied for the remaining life of the Floating Rate Notes. 
Furthermore, as alternative or reformed reference rates to replace EURIBOR calculated according to their original 
methodology are still in the process of being identified and developed by or with the involvement of administrators, 
contributors, central banks, supervisory authorities and market participants, it cannot be predicted at the date of 
this Base Prospectus what such Substitute Reference Rate would be. Should the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, 
substitute EURIBOR for a Substitute Reference Rate, this could negatively affect the yield and the market value 
of the Floating Rate Notes. If the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, does not make use of its right to determine a 
Substitute Reference Rate, interest payable on the Floating Rate Notes will be determined in reliance on the 
ordinary fallback mechanism set forth in the Conditions, pursuant to which the Interest Determination Agent will 
initially determine EURIBOR by averaging quotes obtained from reference banks. In a situation where EURIBOR 
has definitely ceased to exist, no such quotes might be provided, in which event interest payable under the Floating 
Rate Notes would be determined on the basis of the rate(s) shown on the relevant screen page of the relevant 
information vendor on last day on which such screen rate was available, effectively turning the Floating Rate Notes 
into Notes with fixed interest payments. The application of this fallback mechanism could have significant negative 
effects on the yield and the market value of the Floating Rate Notes, particularly because EURIBOR immediately 
prior to its definite disappearance might be subject to high volatility.  
It is not possible to ascertain as at the date of this Base Prospectus (i) what the impact of these initiatives and the 
reforms will be on the determination of EURIBOR in the future, which could adversely affect the value of the 
Floating Rate Notes, (ii) how such changes may impact the determination of EURIBOR for the purposes of the 
Floating Rate Notes and the Swap Agreements entered in relation thereto, (iii) whether any changes will result in 
a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in EURIBOR rates or (iv) whether such changes will have an adverse 
impact on the liquidity or the market value of the Floating Rate Notes and the payment of interest thereunder. 
Liability and Limited Recourse under the Notes and the Subordinated Loan 
The payment obligations under the Notes and the Subordinated Loan represent obligations of the Issuer only, and 
do not represent obligations of the Arranger, the Security Trustee, VW Bank Italy, VW Bank or Volkswagen AG 
or any of its Affiliates (together the "Volkswagen Group") or any other third party or entity. Neither the Arranger, 
nor the Security Trustee, nor VW Bank Italy, nor VW Bank, nor the Volkswagen Group, nor any Affiliate of the 
Issuer, nor any other third person or entity, assumes any liability to the Noteholders if the Issuer fails to make a 
payment due under the Notes or the Subordinated Loan. 
All payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Subordinated Loan Agreement constitute limited 
recourse obligations to pay only the respective Available Distribution Amount, which includes amounts received 
by the Issuer from and in connection with the Purchased Receivables and under the Transaction Documents. The 
Available Distribution Amount may not be sufficient to pay amounts accrued under the Notes, which may result 
in an Interest Shortfall, when the same become due and payable, and such default continues for a period of five 
(5) Business Days will constitute a Foreclosure Event. The Notes shall not give rise to any payment obligation in 
addition to the foregoing. The enforcement of the payment obligations under the Notes and the Subordinated Loan

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
shall only be effected by the Security Trustee in accordance with the Trust Agreement. A Foreclosure Event results 
in the enforcement of the collateral held by the Security Trustee. If the Security Trustee enforces the claims under 
the Notes, such enforcement will be limited to the assets which were transferred to the Security Trustee for security 
purposes. To the extent that such assets, or the proceeds of the realisation thereof, prove ultimately insufficient to 
satisfy the claims of all respective Noteholders in full, then any shortfall arising shall be extinguished and neither 
any Noteholder, nor the Security Trustee shall have any further claims against the Issuer. Such assets and proceeds 
shall be deemed to be "ultimately insufficient" at such time when no further assets are available and no further 
proceeds can be realised therefrom to satisfy any outstanding claims of the Noteholders, and neither assets nor 
proceeds will be so available thereafter.  
If any of the events which require the Security Trustee to take action should occur, the Security Trustee will have 
legal access to the Security only. The Security Trustee itself is not a guarantor, nor have any guarantees been given 
by other Transaction Parties, with respect to which the Security Trustee could assert claims on behalf of the 
Noteholders and/or the Subordinated Loan Provider. Recourse of the Transaction Creditors is limited to the assets 
of the Issuer and the prospective Noteholders should be aware of that. 
IV. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
Limited interpretation of the Securitisation Law 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, limited interpretation of the application of the Securitisation Law has been 
issued by any Italian court, governmental or regulatory authority, except for limited regulations issued by the Bank 
of Italy concerning, inter alia, the accounting treatment of securitisation transactions by special purpose companies 
incorporated under the Securitisation Law, such as the Issuer, and the duties of the companies which carry out 
collection and recovery activities in the context of a securitisation transaction. Consequently, it is possible that 
such authorities may issue further regulations relating to the Securitisation Law or to the interpretation thereof, the 
impact of which cannot be predicted by the Issuer or any other party as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The 
above constitutes a risk given that a different interpretation of the Securitisation Law may impose on the parties to 
the Transaction additional requirements and thus ultimately affect the operation of the Transaction and/or the 
return expected on the Notes and/or the prospective Noteholders. 
Italian Usury Law has been subject to different interpretations over the time 
Italian Law no. 108 of 7 March 1996 (the "Usury Law") introduced legislation preventing lenders from applying 
interest rates higher than those deemed to be usurious ("Usury Rates"). Usury Rates are set on a quarterly basis 
by a decree issued by the Italian Treasury. 
With a view to limiting the impact of the application of the Usury Law to Italian loans executed prior to its entering 
into force, the Italian Government has specified with Law Decree number 394 of 29 December 2000 ("Decree 
394/2000") converted into law by the Italian Parliament with Law no. 24 of 28 February 2001, that interest rate is 
usurious if it is higher than the legal limit in force at the time at which it is promised or agreed, in any form, 
regardless of the time at which payment is made. However, it should be noted that few commentators and some 
lower court decisions have held that, irrespective of the principle set out in the Usury Law, as interpreted by Law 
24/2001, if an interest originally agreed at a rate falling below the then applicable usury limit were, at a later date, 
to exceed the usury limit from time to time in force, such interest should nonetheless be reduced to the then 
applicable usury limit. Such opinion seems confirmed by the Italian Supreme Court (Cass. Sez. I, 11.01.2013, 
number 602 and Cass. Sez. I, 11.01.2013, number 603), which stated that an automatic reduction of the applicable 
interest rate to the Usury Rates applicable from time to time shall apply to the loans. 
In addition, even where the applicable Usury Rates are not exceeded, interest and other advantages and/or 
remuneration may be held to be usurious if: (i) they are disproportionate to the amount lent (taking into account 
the specific circumstances of the transaction and the average rate usually applied for similar transactions) and (ii) 
the person who paid agreed to pay was in financial and economic difficulties. The provision of usurious interest, 
advantages or remuneration has the same consequences as non-compliance with the Usury Rates. 
Law 24/2001 was challenged before the Italian Constitutional Court on the grounds that it would not comply with 
the provisions of the Constitution. In February 2002, the Constitutional Court confirmed that under Decree

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
394/2000, the reference point in considering whether a rate is usurious or not is the date of execution of the relevant 
loan agreement.  
The Italian Supreme Court, under decision number 350/2013, as confirmed by decision number 23192/2017 and 
number 19597/2020, has clarified that the default interest rates are relevant and must be taken into account when 
calculating the aggregate remuneration of any given financing for the purposes of determining its compliance with 
the applicable Usury Rates. Such interpretation is in contradiction with the current methodology for determining 
the Usury Rates, considering that the relevant surveys aimed at calculating the applicable average rate never took 
into account the default interest rates. It should be noted that further different court decisions / interpretations may 
have an impact in the determination of the interest rates and therefore the prospective Noteholders may be 
adversely affected of such impact.  
Rules on compounding of interest (anatocismo) have been subject to different interpretation over the time 
Pursuant to Article 1283 of the Italian civil code, in respect of a monetary claim or receivable, accrued interest 
may be capitalised after a period of not less than six months only (i) under an agreement entered into after the date 
on which it has become due and payable or (ii) from the date when any legal proceedings are commenced in respect 
of that monetary claim or receivable. Article 1283 of the Italian civil code allows derogation from this provision 
in the event that there are recognised customary practices (usi) to the contrary. Banks and other financial 
institutions in the Republic of Italy have traditionally capitalised accrued interest on a three monthly basis on the 
grounds that such practice could be characterised as a customary practice (uso normativo). However, a number of 
judgements from Italian courts (including the judgements from the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) 
no. 2374/1999, no. 2593/2003, no. 21095/2004 as confirmed by judgment no. 24418/2010 of the same Court) have 
held that such practices may not be defined as customary practices (uso normativo). 
As a consequence thereof, the challenge by any Borrower of the practice of capitalising interest and the upholding 
of such interpretation of the Italian civil code in judgments of the other courts of the Republic of Italy could have 
a negative effect on the returns generated from the Loan Contracts and this may ultimately affect the Issuer and/or 
the prospective Noteholders.  
It should be noted that paragraph 2 of Article 120 of the Italian Banking Act, concerning compounding of interest 
accrued in the context of banking transactions, has been amended by Article 17-bis of Law Decree no. 18 of 14 
February 2016 (as converted into law by Law no. 49 of 8 April 2016), providing that interest (other than defaulted 
interest) shall not accrue on capitalised interest. Paragraph 2 of Article 120 of the Italian Banking Act also requires 
the Comitato Interministeriale per il Credito e il Risparmio (CICR) to establish the methods and criteria for the 
compounding of interest. Decree no. 343 of 3 August 2016 of the CICR, implementing paragraph 2 of Article 120 
of the Italian Banking Act, has been published in the Official Gazette no. 212 of 10 September 2016. Given the 
novelty of this new legislation and in the absence of any jurisprudential interpretation, the impact of such new 
legislation may not be predicted as at the date of this Prospectus. 
Risks resulting from Italian Consumer Credit Legislation 
The Purchased Receivables derive, to a certain extent, from Loan Contracts which qualify as “consumer loans 
contracts”, i.e. loans extended to individuals (the “consumers”) acting outside the scope of their entrepreneurial, 
commercial, craft or professional activities. 
The following risks, inter alia, could arise in relation to a consumer loan contract: 
(a) 
pursuant to sub-sections 1 and 2 of article 125-quinquies of the Italian Banking Act, borrowers under 
consumer loan contracts linked to supply contracts have the right to terminate the relevant contract with the 
lender following a default by the supplier, provided that such default meets the conditions set out in article 
1455 of the Italian civil code. In case of termination of the consumer loan contract, the lender must 
reimburse all instalments and sums paid by the consumer. However, the lender has the right to claim these 
payments from the relevant defaulting supplier. Pursuant to sub-section 4 of article 125-quinquies of the 
Italian Banking Act, borrowers are entitled to exercise against the assignee of any lender under such 
consumer loan contracts any of the defences mentioned under sub-sections 1 to 3 of the same article, which 
they had against the original lender;

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
(b) 
pursuant to sub-section 1 of article 125-sexies of the Italian Banking Act, borrowers under consumer loan 
contracts have the right to prepay any consumer loan without penalty and with the additional right to a pro 
rata reduction in the aggregate costs and interests of the loan. It should, however, be noted that, in the event 
of prepayment by the borrower, the lender, under certain circumstances, is entitled to a compensation equal 
to 1 per cent. of the prepaid amount of the consumer loan if the residual duration of the consumer loan is 
longer than one year, and equal to 0.5 per cent. of the same amount, if shorter; in any case, no prepayment 
penalty shall be due: 
(i) 
if the repayment has been made under an insurance contract intended to provide a credit repayment 
guarantee; or 
(ii) 
in the case of overdraft facilities; or 
(iii) 
if the repayment falls within a period for which the borrowing rate is not fixed; or 
(iv) 
the prepaid sum is equal to the total outstanding amount of the relevant consumer loan and is equal 
or less than €10,000;  
(c) pursuant to sub-section 1 of article 125-septies of the Italian Banking Act, debtors are entitled to exercise, 
against the assignee of a lender under a consumer loan contract, any defence (including set-off) which they 
had against the original lender, in derogation to the provisions of article 1248 of the Italian civil code (that is 
even if the borrower has accepted the assignment or has been notified thereof). It is debated whether sub-
section 1 of article 125-septies of the Italian Banking Act allows the assigned consumer to set-off against the 
assignee only claims that had arisen vis-à- vis the assignor before the assignment or also those claims arising 
after the assignment, regardless of any notification/acceptance of the same. In this respect it should be noted 
that the Securitisation Law (as recently amended) provides, inter alia, that, notwithstanding any provision of 
law providing otherwise, no set-off may be exercised by a debtor vis-à-vis the purchasing issuer grounded 
on claims which have arisen towards the seller after (a) the date of publication of the notice of transfer of the 
relevant receivables in the Official Gazette or (b) the payment of the purchase price (even partial) of the 
relevant receivables bearing data certain at law (data certa); 
(d) the Loans disbursed to Borrowers who qualify as a “consumer” pursuant to the Italian Banking Act are 
regulated, inter alia, by article 1469-bis of the Italian civil code and by the legislative decree 6 September 
2005, No. 206 (the "Consumer Code"), which implemented EC Directive 93/13/CEE on unfair terms in 
consumer contracts, and provide that any clause in a consumer contract which contains a material imbalance 
between the rights and obligations of the consumer under the contract, is deemed to be unfair and is not 
enforceable against the consumer whether or not the consumer’s counterparty acted in good faith. Moreover, 
article 33 of the Consumer Code identifies clauses which, if included in consumer contracts, are deemed to 
be prima facie unfair but which are binding on the consumer if it can be shown that such clauses were actually 
individually negotiated or that they can be considered fair in the circumstances of the relevant consumer 
contract. Such clauses include, inter alia, clauses which give the right to the non-consumer contracting party 
to (a) terminate the contract or (b) modify the conditions of the contract without reasonable cause. However, 
with regard to financial contracts, if there is a valid reason, the provider is empowered to modify the economic 
terms but must inform the consumer immediately; in this case, the consumer has the right to terminate the 
contract; and 
(e) pursuant to article 36 of the Consumer Code, the following clauses, inter alia, are considered null and void 
as a matter of law and are not enforceable: (a) any clause which has the effect of excluding or limiting the 
remedies of the consumer in case of total or partial failure by the non-consumer contracting party to perform 
its obligations under the consumer contract; and (b) any clause which has the effect of making the consumer 
party to be bound by clauses he has not had any opportunity to consider and evaluate before entering into the 
consumer contract. 
Any of the provisions listed above, if applied to the Loan Contracts, may result in payments owned to the debtors 
and/or lossess and/or expenses that would ultimately affect the return on the Notes and, therefore, impact the 
prospective Noteholders. 
Set-Off Risk 
In order to minimize the set-off risk resulting from the deposits held by VW Bank Italy with any Person to whom 
it has advanced one or more auto loans on the terms of a Loan Contract (hereinafter, the "Depositors"), the

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
selection criteria applicable to the Purchased Receivables provide for the exclusion of any such Depositors as of 
the Cut-off Date.  
If subsequent to the Issue Date: (a) the total amount of potential set-off risk resulting from the deposits of the 
Depositors with VW Bank Italy is greater than one (1) per cent. of the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance; 
and (b) VW Bank Italy's long-term rating is lower than (a) “Baa3” by Moody's, or (b) “BBB” by S&P Global, VW 
Bank Italy will be required to provide collateral in an amount equal to the potential set-off risk resulting from 
deposits of the Depositors with VW Bank Italy (the "Set-Off Risk Reserve"). 
The Set-Off Risk Reserve will be (i) adjusted on a monthly basis, (ii) deposited in the Cash Collateral Account 
and (iii) exclusively used to cover losses resulting from set-off risks in respect of the Purchased Receivables. Said 
risk, however, cannot be excluded per se and may thus ultimately affect the return on the Notes and, therefore, 
impact the prospective Noteholders. 
Economic conditions in the Eurozone 
Concerns relating to credit risk (including that of sovereigns and of those entities which have exposure to 
sovereigns), despite easing in some Member States recently, remain significant throughout the Eurozone. In 
particular, concerns have been raised with respect to continuing economic, monetary and political conditions in 
the Eurozone. If such concerns do not ease further and/or such conditions further deteriorate (including as may be 
demonstrated by any relevant credit rating agency action, any default or restructuring of indebtedness by one or 
more Member States or institutions and/or any changes to, including any break up of, the Eurozone), then these 
matters or uncertainty regarding the constitutional change in a Member State may cause further severe stress in 
the financial system generally and/or may adversely affect the Issuer, one or more of the other Transaction Parties 
and/or any Borrower. Given the current uncertainty and the range of possible outcomes, no assurance can be given 
as to the impact of any of the matters described above and, in particular, no assurance can be given that such 
matters would not adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, the market value of the Notes and/or the ability 
of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. 
The European Regulatory Framework  
In Europe, the US and elsewhere a large number of measures increasing the regulation of securitisation transactions 
and asset-backed securities have been implemented and are expected to be implemented. Such regulations may 
have an adverse impact on the regulatory capital charge to certain investors in securitisation exposures and may 
thereby affect the liquidity of asset-backed securities.  
Investors in the Notes are responsible for analysing their own regulatory position and none of the Issuer or the 
Seller makes any representation to any prospective investor or purchaser of the Notes regarding the regulatory 
capital treatment of their investment on the Initial Issue Date or at any time in the future. The implementation of 
the Basel framework (to the extent that it has not already been fully implemented in member countries) and/or of 
any of the changes put forward by the Basel Committee and/or the European Commission as described below may 
have an impact on the capital requirements in respect of the Notes and/or on incentives to hold the Notes for 
investors that are subject to requirements that follow the relevant framework and, as a result, may affect the 
liquidity and/or value of the Notes.  
Also, there can be no guarantee that the regulatory capital treatment of the Notes for investors will not be affected 
by any future implementation of and changes to the regulatory framework. Such changes to the regulatory 
treatment of the Notes, any further amendments to financial regulation in general or the applicable regulatory 
capital and liquidity requirements may negatively impact the regulatory position of individual investors and, in 
addition, have a negative impact on the price and liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market. 
Basel Capital Accord and regulatory capital requirements 
The European authorities have now incorporated the Basel III framework into EU law, primarily through Directive 
2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit 
institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 
2002/87/EC and repealing Directive 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC (Capital Requirements Directive – "CRD"), as 
amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of 20 May 2019 (the "CRD V"), and the CRR, as amended by Regulation 
(EU) 2019/876 of 20 May 2019 (the "CRR II"). The changes under CRD V and CRR II which recently entered 
into force may have an impact on the capital requirements in respect of the Notes and/or on incentives to hold the 
Notes for investors that are subject to requirements that follow the relevant framework and, as a result, may affect 
the liquidity and/or value of the Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
Regulation (EU) 2017/2401 of the European Parliament and of the Council amending the CRR (the "CRR 
Amending Regulation") applies since 1 January 2019. The CRR Amending Regulation implements changes to 
the CRR on the basis of the Revised Securitisation Framework. In particular, the changes include to make, inter 
alia, capital requirements with respect to securitisation exposures more prudent and risk sensitive and at the same 
time serve to reduce mechanic reliance on external credit ratings. The changes also include, amongst other things, 
(i) a revised hierarchy of approaches of risk evaluation and capital assignment applicable to certain types of 
securitisation exposures, (ii) revised ratings based approach and modified supervisory formula approach 
incorporating additional risk drivers (such as maturity), which are intended to create a more risk-sensitive and 
prudent calibration, and (iii) new approaches, such as a simplified supervisory approach and different applications 
of the concentration ratio based approach. Investors should carefully consider (and, where appropriate, take 
independent advice) the changes introduced by the CRR Amending Regulation, in particular, the effects of the 
change (and likely increase) to the capital charges associated with an investment in the Notes. It should be noted 
that a new set of regulatory technical standards is required and being implemented to add detail to the CRR 
Amending Regulation, the impact of which continues to be difficult to predict 
Additionally, Regulation (EU) No 2015/61 of 10 October 2014, as amended by Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2018/1620 as well as by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/786 (the "LCR Regulation") sets 
out assumed asset inflow and outflow rates to better reflect actual experience in times of stress. According to the 
LCR Regulation, inter alia, (i) the calculation of the expected liquidity outflows and inflows on repurchase 
agreements, reverse repurchase agreements and collateral swaps shall be aligned with the international liquidity 
standard developed by Basel Committee on Banking Supervision; (ii) the treatment of certain reserves held with 
third-country central banks shall be amended and (iii) transactions exposures of securitisations, which qualify as 
simple, transparent and standardised securitisations in accordance with the Securitisation Regulation, shall qualify 
as Level 2B high quality liquid assets, if they additionally fulfil the conditions laid down in Article 12 and 13 of 
the LCR Regulation. The LCR Regulation, as amended, applies since 8 July 2022. The LCR Regulation, as 
amended, applies since 8 July 2022.  
The CRD V, the CRR II, the LCR Regulation and the CRR Amending Regulation as well as the Basel III 
framework and its amendments may have negative implications on the cost of regulatory capital for certain 
investors and thereby on the overall return from an investment of the Notes and the liquidity of the Notes. 
Therefore, investors should consult their own advisers as to the regulatory capital requirements in respect of the 
Notes and as to the consequences to and effect on them by the CRD V, the CRR II, the LCR Regulation and the 
CRR Amending Regulation as well as the Basel III framework and its amendments. No predictions can be made 
as to the precise effects of such matters on any investor or otherwise.  
On 4 December 2023, the Council of the European Union published legislative proposals for amendments to the 
Capital Requirements Directive ("CRD VI") and to the Capital Requirements Regulation ("CRR III") in order to 
implement the updated final Basel III standards (such proposals being the "EU Banking Package 2023"), which 
has now been discussed within the Council of the European Union or its preparatory bodies in May and December 
2023 and is expected to be negotiated with the European Parliament in the course of 2024. 
There can be no guarantee that the regulatory capital treatment of the Notes for investors will not be affected by 
any future implementation of and changes to the CRD and CRR within the EU Banking Package 2023 or otherwise, 
or other regulatory or accounting changes. 
EU Risk Retention and Transparency and Due Diligence Requirements under the Securitisation Regulation  
The Securitisation Regulation lays down a general framework for securitisation. It defines securitisation and 
establishes due-diligence, risk-retention and transparency requirements for parties involved in securitisations, 
criteria for credit granting, requirements for selling securitisations to retail clients, a ban on re-securitisation, 
requirements for securitisation special purpose entities ("SSPE") as well as conditions and procedures for 
securitisation repositories. Further, it creates a specific framework for simple, transparent and standardised (STS) 
securitisations. It applies to institutional investors and to originators, sponsors, original lenders and securitisation 
special purpose entities. 
The Securitisation Regulation replaced the former risk retention requirements by one single provision, Article 6 
of the Securitisation Regulation, which provides for a new direct obligation on, inter alios, originators to retain 
risk. Article 5(1)(c) of the Securitisation Regulation requires institutional investors (as defined in Article 2(12) of 
the Securitisation Regulation which term also includes (i) insurance and reinsurance undertakings as defined in

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
Directive 2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and the Council of 25 November 2009 on the taking-up and 
pursuit of the business of insurance and reinsurance and (ii) alternative investment fund managers as defined in 
the Commission Delegated Regulation 231/2013 of 19 December 2012 (as amended)) to verify that, if established 
in the European Union, the originator, sponsor or original lender retains on an ongoing basis a material net 
economic interest in accordance with Article 6 of the Securitisation Regulation and the risk retention is disclosed 
to the institutional investors in accordance with Article 7(1)(e) of the Securitisation Regulation. 
The Seller, as "originator" for the purposes of Article 6(1) of the Securitisation Regulation, has undertaken that, 
for so long as any Note remains outstanding, it (i) will retain on an ongoing basis a material net economic interest 
in the securitisation of not less than 5 per cent., provided that the level of retention may reduce over time in 
compliance with Article 15 (1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2175 or any successor delegated 
regulation, (ii) at all relevant times comply with the requirements of Article 7(1)(e)(iii) of the Securitisation 
Regulation by confirming for the purposes of the investor reports the risk retention of the Seller as contemplated 
by Article 6(1) of the Securitisation Regulation, (iii) not change the manner in which it retains such material net 
economic interest, except to the extent permitted by the Securitisation Regulation or any applicable regulatory 
technical standards and (iv) not sell, hedge or otherwise enter into any credit risk mitigation, short position or any 
other credit risk hedge with respect to its retained material net economic interest, except to the extent permitted by 
the Securitisation Regulation or any applicable regulatory technical standards. 
For the purposes of compliance with the requirements of Article 6(3)(d) of the Securitisation Regulation, the Seller 
will retain, in its capacity as originator within the meaning of the Securitisation Regulation, on an ongoing basis 
for the life of the transaction, such net economic interest through the retention of the first loss tranche in an amount 
of no less than 5 % of the nominal value of the securitised exposures. 
Pursuant to Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation, information about the risk retained, including information 
on which of the modalities provided for in Article 6(3) of the Securitisation Regulation has been applied in 
accordance with Article 6 of the Securitisation Regulation shall be made available to the holders of the Notes, to 
the competent authorities referred to in Article 29 of the Securitisation Regulation and, upon request, to potential 
investors. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement the Seller (in its capacity as Servicer) has agreed that it will (on 
behalf of the Issuer) make the relevant information available to the Noteholders, to the competent authorities 
referred to in Article 29 of the Securitisation Regulation and, upon request, to potential investors in accordance 
with the Securitisation Regulation Disclosure Requirements. 
Due Diligence Requirements under the Securitisation Regulation  
Investors should be aware of the due diligence requirements under Article 5 of the Securitisation Regulation that 
apply to institutional investors with a European Union nexus (including credit institutions, authorised alternative 
investment fund managers, investment firms, insurance and reinsurance undertakings, institutions for occupational 
retirement provision and undertakings for the collective investment in transferable securities). Amongst other 
things, such requirements restrict an institutional investor (other than the originator, sponsor or original lender 
within the meaning of the Securitisation Regulation) from investing in securitisation positions unless, prior to 
holding the securitisation position. 
(a) 
that institutional investor has verified that: 
(i) 
for certain originators, certain credit-granting standards were met in relation to the origination of the 
underlying exposures; 
(ii) the risk retention requirements set out in Article 6 of the Securitisation Regulation are being 
complied with; and 
(iii) information required by Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation has been made available; and 
(b) 
that institutional investor has carried out a due diligence assessment which enables it to assess the risks 
involved, which shall include at least (among other things) the risk characteristics of its securitisation 
position and the underlying exposures of the securitisation, and all the structural features of the transaction 
that can materially impact the performance of its securitisation position.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
In addition, under Article 5(4) of the Securitisation Regulation, an institutional investor (other than the originator, 
sponsor or original lender) holding a securitisation position shall at least establish appropriate written procedures 
that are proportionate to the risk profile of the securitisation position and, where relevant, to the institutional 
investor's trading and non-trading book, in order to monitor, on an ongoing basis, compliance with its due diligence 
requirements and the performance of the securitisation position and of the underlying exposures. 
Depending on the approach in the relevant member state, failure to comply with one or more of the due diligence 
requirements may result in penalties including fines, other administrative sanctions and possibly criminal 
sanctions. In the case of those institutional investors subject to regulatory capital requirements, penal capital 
charges may also be imposed on the securitisation position (i.e. notes) acquired by the relevant institutional 
investor. 
The institutional investor due diligence requirements described above apply in respect of all Notes. With respect 
to the commitment of the Seller to retain a material net economic interest in the securitisation and with respect to 
the information to be made available by the Issuer, the Seller or another relevant party, please also see above. 
Relevant institutional investors are required to independently assess and determine the sufficiency of the 
information described elsewhere in this Base Prospectus for the purposes of complying with Article 5 of the 
Securitisation Regulation and any corresponding national measures which may be relevant to investors. 
Neither the Issuer, the Arranger, the Seller, the Servicer nor any of the Transaction Parties and any of their 
respective Affiliates: 
(a) 
gives any representation (whether express or implied), warranty, confirmation or guarantee to any 
investor in the Notes (i) as to the inclusion of the Transaction in the list administered by ESMA within 
the meaning of Article 27 of the Securitisation Regulation, (ii) that the Transaction does or continues to 
comply with the Securitisation Regulation, (iii) that the Transaction does or continues to be recognised 
or designated as 'STS' or 'simple, transparent and standardised' within the meaning of Article 18 et seqq. 
of the Securitisation Regulation, (iv) that the information described in this Base Prospectus, or any other 
information which may be made available to investors, is or will be sufficient for the purposes of any 
institutional investor's compliance with any investor requirement set out in Article 5 of the Securitisation 
Regulation or (v) investors in the Notes shall have the benefit of the differentiated capital treatment set 
out in Articles 260, 262 and 264 of the CRR as respectively referred to in paragraph 2 of Article 243 
(Criteria for STS securitisations qualifying for differentiated capital treatment) of the CRR from the Initial 
Issue Date until the full amortisation of the Notes; 
(b) 
has or shall have any liability to any prospective investor or any other person for any insufficiency of 
such information or any non-compliance by any such person with the due diligence and retention rules 
set out in Article 5 and Article 6 of the Securitisation Regulation or any other applicable legal, regulatory 
or other requirements, nor has any obligation to provide any further information or take any other steps 
that may be required by any institutional investor to enable compliance by such person with the 
requirements of any due diligence and investor requirement or any other applicable legal, regulatory or 
other requirements. 
Investor compliance with due diligence requirements under the UK Securitisation Regulation 
Pursuant to the EUWA, from 11 p.m. (GMT) on 31 December 2020, EU regulations (including the Securitisation 
Regulation) which previously had direct effect in the UK by virtue of the European Communities Act 1972 were 
transposed into domestic law in the UK. 
In order to smooth the transition from the Securitisation Regulation regime to the UK Securitisation Regulation, 
the UK regulators put various transitional provisions in place until 31 March 2022 (the "Standstill Period"). As 
the Standstill Period has now expired, UK regulated entities can no longer continue to comply with the previous 
requirements under the Securitisation Regulation instead of the UK Securitisation Regulation. 
The UK Securitisation Regulation includes in Article 5 due diligence requirements which are applicable to UK 
institutional investors in a securitisation. 
If the due diligence requirements under Article 5 of the UK Securitisation Regulation are not satisfied then, 
depending on the regulatory requirements applicable to such UK institutional investors, an additional risk weight,

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
regulatory capital charge and/or other regulatory sanction may be applied to such securitisation investment and/or 
imposed on the UK institutional investor. 
In respect of the due diligence requirements under Article 5 of the UK Securitisation Regulation, potential UK 
institutional investors (as defined in the UK Securitisation Regulation) should note in particular that  
(a) 
in respect of the risk retention requirements set out in Article 6 of the UK Securitisation Regulation, VW 
Bank commits to retain a material net economic interest with respect to this Transaction in compliance with 
Article 6(3)(d) of the Securitisation Regulation and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2175 or 
any successor delegated regulation only and not in compliance with Article 6 of the UK Securitisation 
Regulation, and 
(b) 
in respect of the transparency requirements set out in Article 7 of the UK Securitisation Regulation, the 
Servicer in its capacity as designated reporting entity under Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation will 
make use of the standardised templates developed by ESMA in respect of the Securitisation Regulation 
Disclosure Requirements for the purposes of this Transaction and will not make use of the standardised 
templates adopted by the FCA. 
UK institutional investors (as defined in the UK Securitisation Regulation) should be aware that whilst, at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the Securitisation Regulation Disclosure Requirements and the transparency requirements 
of Article 7 of the UK Securitisation Regulation are very similar, and the FCA has also issued a standstill direction 
under its temporary transitional powers under Part 7 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Amendment) 
(EU Exit) Regulations 2019 allowing for reporting on the basis of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1224 of 16 October 2019 until the expiry of the standstill period, the Securitisation Regulation and UK 
Securitisation Regulation (including but not limited to the Securitisation Regulation Disclosure Requirements and 
the transparency requirements of Article 7 of the UK Securitisation Regulation) may diverge. No assurance can 
be given that the information included in this Base Prospectus or provided in accordance with the Securitisation 
Regulation Disclosure Requirements will be sufficient for the purposes of assisting such UK institutional investors 
in complying with their due diligence obligations under Article 5 of the UK Securitisation Regulation. 
Therefore, relevant UK institutional investors are required to independently assess and determine the sufficiency 
of the information described in this Base Prospectus for the purposes of complying with Article 5 of the UK 
Securitisation Regulation, and any corresponding national measures which may be relevant to investors, and no 
assurance can be given that this is the case. None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Security Trustee, the Servicer, 
the Seller or any of the other Transaction Parties makes any representation that any such information described in 
this Base Prospectus is sufficient in all circumstances for such purposes. 
This Transaction is not intended to be designated as a simple, transparent and standardised securitisation for the 
purposes of the UK Securitisation Regulation. 
Regulation on Credit Rating Agencies 
CRA3 has introduced a requirement that issuers or related third parties of structured finance instruments solicit 
two independent ratings for their obligations and should consider appointing at least one rating agency having less 
than a 10% market share. Where the issuer or a related third party does not appoint at least one credit rating agency 
with no more than 10% market share, this must be documented. S&P Global and Moody's have been engaged to 
rate all Notes and this decision has been documented. As there is no guidance on the requirements for any such 
documentation there remains some uncertainty whether the Issuer's documentation efforts will be considered 
sufficient for the purposes of CRA3 and what the consequences of any non-compliance may be for investors in 
the Notes and the prospective Noteholders should be aware of that. 
Under the UK CRA Regulation, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes 
if such rating is not issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered or certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation. 
U.S. Risk Retention 
Effective as of 24 December 2016, the major prudential regulators in the United States adopted joint final rules 
(the "U.S. Risk Retention Rules") to implement the credit risk retention requirements of Section 15G of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as added by Section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
Protection Act. The U.S. Risk Retention Rules generally require the sponsor of a securitisation (or its majority-
owned Affiliate) to retain not less than 5 percent of the credit risk of the assets collateralising the asset-backed 
securities. Section 15G includes a variety of exemptions from, and jurisdictional limitations to,these requirements. 
The Transaction will not be subject to the risk retention requirements of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, in reliance 
upon the "safe harbour for certain foreign-related transactions" set forth in Section _.20 of the U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules. To be eligible for the safe harbour, such non-U.S. transactions must meet certain requirements, including 
that (1) the transaction is not required to be and is not registered under the Securities Act; (2) no more than 10 per 
cent. of the dollar value (or equivalent amount in the currency in which the securities are issued) of all classes of 
securities issued in the securitisation transaction are sold or transferred to U.S. Persons (in each case, as defined 
in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules) or for the account or benefit of U.S. Persons (as defined in the U.S. Risk 
Retention Rules and referred to in this Base Prospectus as "Risk Retention U.S. Persons"); (3) neither the sponsor 
nor the issuer of the securitisation transaction is organised under U.S. law or is a branch located in the United 
States of a non-U.S. entity; and (4) no more than 25 per cent. of the underlying collateral was acquired from a 
majority-owned Affiliate or branch of the sponsor or issuer organised or located in the United States. 
The Transaction provides that the Notes may not be purchased by Risk Retention U.S. Persons except in 
accordance with the safe harbour under Section _.20 of the US Risk Retention Rules and with the prior consent of 
the Seller. Prospective investors should note that the definition of U.S. Person in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules is 
substantially similar to, but not identical to, the definition of U.S. Person under Regulation S. 
There can be no assurance that the safe harbour provided for in Section _.20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules 
regarding non-U.S. transactions will be available. Failure of the Transaction to comply with the U.S. Risk 
Retention Rules (regardless of the reason for such failure to comply) could give rise to regulatory action in the 
United States which could adversely affect the Notes. Furthermore, the impact of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules 
on the securitisation market generally is uncertain, and a failure by a transaction to comply with the risk retention 
requirements of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules could negatively affect the market value and secondary market 
liquidity of the Notes. 
The Seller makes no representation to any prospective investor or purchaser of the Notes and neither the Arranger 
nor any of its Affiliates takes any responsibility whatsoever as to whether the transactions described in this Base 
Prospectus comply as a matter of fact with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules on the Issue Date or at any time in the 
future. Investors should consult their own advisers as to the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. No predictions can be 
made as to the precise effects of such matters on any investor or otherwise. 
Floating Rate Notes - European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR) and Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive (MiFID II) 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 July 2012 on OTC derivatives, 
central counterparties and trade repositories, known as the European Market Infrastructure Regulation ("EMIR") 
came into force on 16 August 2012.  
EMIR introduces certain requirements in respect of OTC derivative contracts applying to financial counterparties 
("FCPs"), such as investment firms, credit institutions and insurance companies and certain classes of non-
financial counterparties ("Non-FCPs"). Such requirements include, amongst other things, the mandatory clearing 
of certain OTC derivative contracts (the "Clearing Obligation") through an authorised central counterparty (a 
"CCP"), the reporting of OTC derivative contracts to a trade repository (the "Reporting Obligation") and certain 
risk mitigation requirements (including the requirement to post initial and variation margin) in relation to OTC 
derivative contracts which are not centrally cleared in relation to timely confirmation, portfolio reconciliation and 
compression, and dispute resolution. 
EMIR has further been amended by, inter alia, Regulation (EU) 2019/834 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 as regards the clearing obligation, the suspension 
of the clearing obligation, the reporting requirements, the risk-mitigation techniques for OTC derivative contracts 
not cleared by a central counterparty, the registration and supervision of trade repositories and the requirements 
for trade repositories ("EMIR REFIT"). For the avoidance of doubt, any reference to EMIR is to the version as 
amended by EMIR REFIT. The changes introduced by EMIR REFIT are in force since 17 June 2019 and 18 June 
2021, respectively.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
The Clearing Obligation applies to financial counterparties ("FCs") and certain non-financial counterparties 
("NFCs") which have positions in OTC derivative contracts exceeding specified "clearing thresholds" in the 
relevant asset class (such NFCs, "NFC+s"). Such OTC derivative contracts also need to be of a class of derivative 
which has been designated by ESMA as being subject to the Clearing Obligation. On the basis of the relevant 
technical standards, it is expected that the Issuer will be treated as an NFC for the purposes of EMIR, that the 
Issuer will calculate its positions in OTC derivative contracts against the clearing thresholds and the swap 
transactions entered into in the context of the Securitisation will not exceed the relevant "clearing threshold" 
("NFC-"), however, this cannot be excluded. Thus, as of the date hereof, it cannot be excluded that the Issuer will 
be subject to the Clearing Obligation in the future in respect of any swap replacing the Swap Agreement.  
A CCP will be used to meet the Clearing Obligation by interposing itself between the counterparties to the eligible 
OTC derivative contracts. For the purposes of satisfying the Clearing Obligation, EMIR requires derivative 
counterparties to become clearing members of a CCP, a client of a clearing member or to otherwise establish 
indirect clearing arrangements with a clearing member.  
The Reporting Obligation applies to all types of counterparties and covers the entry into, modification or 
termination of cleared and non-cleared derivative contracts which were entered into on or after 12 February 2014. 
The deadline for reporting derivatives is one business day after the derivate contract was entered into, amended or 
terminated with the details of such derivative contracts required to be reported to a trade repository. It will therefore 
apply to the Swap Agreement and any replacement swap agreement. Pursuant to EMIR REFIT, since 18 June 2020 
onwards, the FC should, as a rule, be solely responsible, and legally liable, for reporting on behalf of both itself 
and NFC that are not subject to the clearing obligation with regard to OTC derivative contracts entered into by 
those counterparties, as well as for ensuring the correctness of the details reported.  
The EU regulatory framework and legal regime relating to derivatives is set not only by EMIR, but also by the 
recast version of the Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, restated or 
supplemented, "MiFID II"), in particular as supplemented by the Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 (as amended, 
restated or supplemented, "MiFIR"). MiFID II and MiFIR provide for regulations which require transactions in 
OTC derivatives to be traded on organised markets. MiFIR is supplemented by technical standards and delegated 
acts implementing such technical standards, such as the delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/2417 of 17 November 
2017 supplementing MiFIR with regard to regulatory technical standards on the trading obligation for certain 
derivatives which, inter alia, determine which standardised derivatives will have to be traded on exchanges and 
electronic platforms. For the scope of transactions in OTC derivatives subject to the trading obligation, it is Article 
28(1) and Article 32 MiFIR referring to the definition of FCs and to NFCs that meet certain conditions of EMIR. 
Since MiFIR was not amended by EMIR REFIT, following the entry into force of EMIR REFIT on 17 June 2019 
there is a misalignment in the scope of counterparties as regards the trading obligation under MiFIR and clearing 
obligation under EMIR: potentially some NFCs would be subject to the trading obligation while being exempted 
from the clearing obligation. Although ESMA expects competent authorities not to prioritise their supervisory 
actions in relation to the MiFIR derivatives trading obligation towards counterparties who are not subject to the 
clearing obligation, and to generally apply their risk-based supervisory powers in their day-to-day enforcement of 
applicable legislation in this area in a proportionate manner, it might not be excluded that national competent 
authorities in the relevant member states impose respective measures on the Issuer in this respect, including certain 
information requests, measures that the derivatives shall be traded on a respective trading venue, the cancellation 
of the derivative transactions or administrative fines. Amongst other requirements, MiFIR requires certain 
standardised derivatives between FCPs and NFC+s to be traded on exchanges and electronic platforms (the 
"Trading Obligation"). On 7 February 2020, ESMA published this final report on the alignment of the MiFIR 
Trading Obligation with the scope of the EMIR Clearing Obligation, as amended by EMIR REFIT. ESMA 
recommends that the changes made by EMIR REFIT to the scope of the EMIR Clearing Obligations for FCs and 
NFCs should be replicated in MiFIR. It also recommends that the mechanism introduced by EMIR REFIT for 
temporarily suspending the clearing obligation in certain circumstances should be mirrored in MiFIR in respect of 
the Trading Obligation, with adaptations to the criteria for suspension to the specificities of the Trading Obligation. 
ESMA has submitted its report to the European Commission, as required under EMIR REFIT. Further regulatory 
technical standards will be developed to determine which derivatives will be subject to the Trading Obligation. In 
this respect, it is difficult to predict the full impact of these regulatory requirements on the Issuer. However, on the 
basis that the Issuer is currently an NFC-, it would not be subject to the Trading Obligation, but the Issuer could 
therefore become subject to the Trading Obligation if its status as a NFC- changes in the future.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
Prospective investors should be aware that EMIR, EMIR REFIT and MiFID II/MiFIR (including other rules and 
regulatory technical standards relating thereto) may lead to more administrative burdens and higher costs for the 
Issuer. As a result of such increased costs or increased regulatory requirements, investors may receive less interest 
or return, as the case may be. Further, if any party fails to comply with the applicable rules under EMIR it may be 
liable for a fine. If such fine is imposed on the Issuer, this may also reduce the amounts available to make payments 
with respect to the Notes as a whole. Investors should be aware that such risks are material and that the Issuer 
could be materially and adversely affected thereby. As such, investors should consult their own independent 
advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks posed by EMIR, EMIR REFIT, MiFID II/MiFIR 
and regulatory technical standards made thereunder, in making any investment decision in respect of the Notes. 
Eurosystem Eligibility 
The Notes are intended to be held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem eligibility. This means that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as Common Safekeeper 
under the new safekeeping structure (NSS) and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem (the 
"Eurosystem eligible collateral") either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will, 
inter alia, depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria set out in the Guideline (EU) 2015/510 
of the European Central Bank (the "ECB") of 19 December 2014 on the implementation of the Eurosystem 
monetary policy framework (ECB/2014/60) (recast), as amended by Guideline (EU) 2019/1032 of the ECB of 
10 May 2019 (ECB/2019/11) and Guideline (EU) 2020/1690 of 25 September 2020 (ECB/2020/45) as further 
amended and applicable from time to time (together, the "Temporary Framework"). In addition, the Issuer will 
use its best efforts to make loan-level data available in such manner as may be required in the future to comply 
with the Eurosystem eligibility criteria, subject to applicable data protection laws. 
On 15 December 2010 the Governing Council of the ECB decided to establish loan-by-loan information 
requirements for asset-backed securities in the Eurosystem collateral framework. On 28 November 2012, in 
Guideline of the ECB of 26 November 2012 amending Guideline ECB/2011/14 on monetary policy instruments 
and procedures of the Eurosystem (ECB/2012/25), the ECB laid down the reporting requirements related to the 
loan-level data for asset-backed securities. For asset-backed securities to become or to remain eligible for 
Eurosystem monetary policy operations, the Eurosystem requires comprehensive and standardised loan-level data 
on the pool of cash flow generating assets underlying an asset-backed security to be submitted by the relevant 
parties in the asset-backed security, as set out in Annex VIII (loan-level data reporting requirements for asset-
backed securities) of the Guideline (EU) 2015/510 of the ECB of 19 December 2014 on the implementation of the 
Eurosystem monetary policy framework (ECB/2014/60) (recast), as amended by Guideline (EU) 2019/1032 of the 
ECB of 10 May 2019 (ECB/2019/11) and Guideline (EU) 2020/1690 of 25 September 2020 (ECB/2020/45) as 
further amended and applicable from time to time. Non-compliance with provision of loan-level data will lead to 
suspension of or refusal to grant eligibility to the asset-backed security transaction in question. For asset-backed 
securities where the cash flow generating assets comprise auto loans, consumer finance loans, or leasing 
receivables, the loan-by-loan information requirements became applicable from 1 January 2014 and the nine (9)-
month transition period ended on 30 September 2014. 
If the Notes do not satisfy the criteria specified by the ECB, or if the Servicer fails to submit the required loan-
level data, there is a risk that the Notes will not qualify as Eurosystem eligible collateral. As a consequence 
Noteholders will not be permitted to use the Notes as collateral for monetary policy transactions of the Eurosystem 
and may sell the Notes into the secondary market at a reduced price only. Neither the Issuer nor the Arranger gives 
any representation, warranty, confirmation or guarantee to any investor in the Notes that the Notes will, either 
upon issue, or any or at all times during their life, satisfy all or any requirements for Eurosystem eligibility and be 
recognised as Eurosystem eligible collateral. 
Any prospective investor in the Notes should consult its professional advisers with respect to whether or not the 
Notes constitute Eurosystem eligible collateral at any point of time during the life of the Notes. 
Recovery and Resolution Proceedings 
As a result of Directive 2014/59/EU on Banking Recovery and Resolution Directive of 15 May 2014 ("BRRD"), 
as implemented into German law by the German Recovery and Resolution Act (Sanierungs- und 
Abwicklungsgesetz –"SAG") which became effective on 1 January 2015, it is possible that a credit institution or

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
investment firm with its head office in an EEA state and/or certain group companies (such institution, investment 
firm or group company could encompass the Swap Counterparty) could be subject to certain resolution actions. 
Any such action may affect the ability of any relevant entity to satisfy its obligations under the Transaction 
Documents (including the Swap Agreements) and there can be no assurance that Noteholders will not be adversely 
affected as a result. 
On 27 June 2019, Directive (EU) 2019/879 amending the BRRD (the "BRRD II") entered into force. Furthermore, 
the Directive (EU) 2017/2399 amending the BRRD (the "BRRD Amending Directive") as regards the ranking of 
unsecured debt instruments entered into force on 28 December 2017. The BRRD II has been implemented in 
Germany by the Risk Reduction Act (Gesetz zur Umsetzung der Richtlinien (EU) 2019/878 und (EU) 2019/879 
zur Reduzierung von Risiken und zur Stärkung der Proportionalität im Bankensektor (Risikoreduzierungsgesetz –
"RiG")) which came into force on 28 December 2020. 
The impact of the BRRD II, the BRRD Amending Directive or the RIG on credit institutions (or any other entities 
which are subject to the BRRD) is currently unclear. Potential investors in the Notes should consider the risk that 
a holder may lose all or a part of its investment, including the principal and any interests, if the general bail-in tool 
or any similar statutory loss absorption measures are used. 
The SAG provides for various actions and measures that can be taken by the German Federal Agency for Financial 
Services Supervision (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht – "BaFin") in its capacity as national 
resolution authority. BaFin could take any of the above described measures and actions with regard to VW Bank.  
No assurance can be given that the Issuer and, consequently, the Noteholders will not be adversely affected as a 
result of any resolution actions or measures taken under the SAG or the RiG. 
SRM Regulation  
On 15 July 2014 the European legislator adopted Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 to establish a Single Resolution 
Mechanism ("SRM Regulation") which is (directly) applicable – with certain exceptions – since 1 January 2016 
to all credit institutions in Euro-area member states. The SRM Regulation has established a centralised power of 
resolution entrusted to a Single Resolution Board and to the national resolution authorities. Credit institutions (or 
other entities subject to BRRD) which have been designated as a significant supervised entity for the purposes of 
Article 49(1) of the SSM Framework Regulation are subject to the direct supervision of the ECB in the context of 
the Single Supervision Mechanism and therefore to the SRM Regulation. The SRM Regulation mirrors the BRRD 
and, to a large part, refers to the BRRD so that the Single Resolution Board is able to apply the same powers that 
would otherwise be available to the relevant national resolution authority. Should a credit institution which is a 
counterparty to the Issuer be or become at some point subject to the BRRD or the provisions implemented by the 
member states, the above provisions would apply notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary in the Transaction 
Documents, which may affect the enforceability of the Transaction Documents executed by such counterparty and, 
at the end, it may have an impact on the Transaction and, lastly, on the prospective holders of the Notes. 
Geopolitical Developments 
The ongoing geopolitical developments, including the war in Ukraine and the sanctions imposed by the United 
States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, in particular, against Russia, may result in an adverse impact on 
global economic, financial, political, social or government conditions which may result or already resulted in 
higher inflation, higher interest rates, higher cost of living, declining access to credit, lower or stagnating wages, 
increasing unemployment, changes in government regulatory, fiscal or tax policies, including changes in 
applicable tax rates and the modification of existing or adoption of new tax legislation, sanctions regimes, removal 
of subsidies, reduced public spending, increases in fuel prices, weakness in energy markets or a loss of consumer 
confidence. Such conditions may have an adverse impact on the financial performance of the Purchased 
Receivables and on the Transaction and, therefore, on the prospective holders of the Notes. 
VI. 
Taxation 
Registration Tax and Withholding tax under the Notes  
The transfer of the Purchased Receivables under the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and any Additional 
Receivables Purchase Agreement is subject to registration tax which will be payable at a rate varying from the 
fixed amount of EUR 200.00 to no more than 0.50 per cent. of the amount of the Purchased Receivables transferred

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
thereunder. The registration tax would apply in case the deed of transfer of Purchased Receivables (i) is voluntary 
registered; or (ii) is mentioned in other deeds subject to registration and executed between the same parties (so-
called enunciazione); or (iii) is filed with an Italian court in the course of administrative proceedings or with an 
Italian administrative authority or public body, unless such filing is compulsory as a matter of law or regulation. 
The fixed amount of EUR 200.00 will apply in the event that (i) the transfer is made for consideration for VAT 
purpose and (ii) the transaction is made for financial purposes by the parties. 
Payments of interest and other proceeds under the Notes may be subject to withholding or deduction for or on 
account of Italian tax. For example, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, according to Decree 239, any non-Italian 
resident beneficial owner of a payment of interest or other proceeds relating to the Notes who (i) is either not 
resident, for tax purposes, in a country which recognises the Italian tax authorities’ right to an adequate exchange 
of information, or (ii) even if resident in a country which recognises the Italian tax authorities’ right to an adequate 
exchange of information, does not timely comply with the requirements set forth in Decree 239 and the relevant 
application rules in order to benefit from the exemption from substitute tax, will receive interest and other proceeds 
payable on the Notes net of the Italian substitute tax provided for by Decree 239 (see for further details also the 
section entitled "Taxation" below). 
At the date of this Base Prospectus such substitute tax is levied at the rate of 26 per cent. or such lower rate as may 
be applicable under any relevant double taxation treaty. 
Any such tax, where actually applied, together with possible new regulations, letters or rulings issued by the 
Ministry of Finance and/or other competent authorities may affect the tax position of the Issuer and thus ultimately 
the operation of the Transaction and/or the return expected on the Notes. 
Tax treatment of the Issuer 
Taxable income of the Issuer is determined without any special rights in accordance with Italian Presidential 
Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 ("Decree 917"). However, according to the guidelines issued by the Italian 
tax authorities with the Circular Letter of 6 February 2003, No. 8/E, no taxable income should accrue to the Issuer 
in the context of the transfer to the Issuer of the portfolio and the securitisation transaction.  
Such conclusion was based on the fact that, during the securitisation process, the net proceeds generated by the 
securitized assets may not be considered as legally available to an issuer insofar as any and all amounts deriving 
from the underlying assets are specifically destined to satisfy the obligations of such issuer to the noteholders, the 
originator and any other creditors of the issuer in respect of the securitisation of the underlying assets in compliance 
with applicable laws. 
Consequently, according to such guidelines, the Issuer should not have any taxable income if no amounts are 
available to the Issuer after discharging all its obligations deriving from and connected to the Securitisation. 
It is however possible that the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance or another competent authority may issue 
regulations, circular letters or generally binding rules relating to the Securitisation Law which might alter or affect, 
or that any competent authority or court may take a different view with respect to, the tax position of the Issuer, 
as described above. 
Interest accrued on the accounts opened by the Issuer in the Republic of Italy with any Italian resident bank or any 
Italian branch of a non-Italian resident bank (including the Collection Account) will be subject to an advance 
withholding tax which is levied at the rate of 26 per cent. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
On 18 March 2010, the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act (the "HIRE Act") was enacted in the United 
States. The HIRE Act includes provisions known as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA"). Final 
regulations under FATCA were issued by the United States Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") on 17 January 
2013 (as revised and supplemented by the regulations issued by the IRS on 20 February 2014) (the "FATCA 
Regulations"). FATCA generally imposes a 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax on "withholdable payments" (which 
include (i) U.S.–source dividends, interest, rents and other "fixed or determinable annual or periodical income" 
paid after 30 June 2014 and (ii) certain U.S.–source gross proceeds paid after 31 December 2016 (however, 
proposed regulations issued on 13 December 2018 by the United States Department of Treasury and the IRS (the

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
"Proposed Regulations"), but does not include payments that are effectively connected with the conduct of a trade 
or business in the United States) paid to (a) "foreign financial institutions" ("FFIs") unless they enter into an 
agreement with the IRS to collect and disclose to the IRS information regarding their direct and indirect U.S. 
owners (an "FFI Agreement") and (b) "non-financial foreign entities" ("NFFEs") (i.e., foreign entities that are 
not FFIs) unless (x) an NFFE is exempt from withholding as an "excepted NFFE" or an "exempt beneficial owner" 
(as such terms are defined in the FATCA Regulations) or (y) an NFFE (I) provides to a withholding agent a 
certification that it does not have "substantial U.S. owners" (i.e., certain U.S. persons that own, directly or 
indirectly, more than 10 per cent. of the stock (by vote or value) of a non-U.S. corporation, or more than 10 per 
cent. of the profits interests or capital interests in a partnership) or (II) provides the name, address and taxpayer 
identification number of each substantial U.S. owner to a withholding agent and the withholding agent reports 
such information to the IRS. FATCA does not replace the existing U.S. withholding tax regime. However, the 
FATCA Regulations contain coordination provisions to avoid double withholding on U.S.-source income. 
The United States Department of Treasury is in discussions with a number of foreign governments with respect to 
alternative approaches to FATCA implementation, including the negotiation of intergovernmental agreements 
("IGAs") that, for example, would require FFIs located in a foreign jurisdiction to (i) report U.S. account 
information to the tax authorities in such jurisdiction, which the tax authorities would in turn provide to the IRS 
(a "Model 1 IGA"), or (ii) register with the IRS and report U.S. account information directly to the IRS in a manner 
consistent with the FATCA Regulations, except as expressly modified by the relevant IGA (a "Model 2 IGA"). 
An FFI located in a jurisdiction that has executed an IGA with the United States as described in (i) above generally 
will not need to enter into a separate FFI Agreement. The United States Department of Treasury currently has 
executed IGAs with a large number of jurisdictions including, most relevant, Germany, Luxembourg and the 
United Kingdom. 
The FATCA rules described above do not apply to any payments made under an obligation that is outstanding on 
1 July 2014 (provided such obligation is not materially modified subsequent to such date) and any gross proceeds 
from the disposition of such obligation. An obligation for this purpose includes a debt instrument and any 
agreement to extend credit for a fixed term (e.g., a line of credit or a revolving credit facility), provided that the 
agreement fixes the material terms at the issue date. A material modification is any significant modification of a 
debt instrument as determined under the U.S. tax regulations. 
Under FATCA, non-U.S. entities that do not enter into an FFI Agreement or that otherwise do not cooperate with 
certain documentation requests may be subject to a 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax on their receipt of "foreign 
pass-thru payments" from an FFI that does enter into an FFI Agreement (a "Participating FFI"). Foreign Pass-
thru payments (i.e. a payment made by an FFI that is attributable to a withholdable payment) are not yet defined. 
The Proposed Regulations extend the earliest application date for withholding on "foreign pass-thru payments" to 
the date two (2) years following the publication of final regulations defining the term "foreign pass-thru payment".

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The proceeds of the Initial Notes and any Further Notes and any Notes of a new Series will be used to finance the 
purchase by the Issuer of Receivables arising against Borrowers under Loan Contracts pursuant to the terms and 
under the conditions of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and for the redemption of existing series of 
Notes as agreed with the holders of each Series of Notes.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
Denomination and Ranking 
The issue in the aggregate Nominal Amount of up to EUR 3,000,000,000 consists of transferable Notes with a 
Nominal Amount of EUR 100,000 each. The Notes rank equally amongst each other. The Notes rank senior to the 
Subordinated Loan. 
Registered Global Notes 
Each Series of Notes (each a "Series") will be issued in registered form and represented by a global registered note 
(the "Global Note") without coupons. The Global Notes representing the Notes will be deposited with a Common 
Safekeeper for Clearstream Luxembourg and Euroclear to be held under the new safekeeping structure ("NSS"), 
will be held in book-entry form only and will be registered in the name of a nominee of the Common Safekeeper. 
The Global Notes will not be exchangeable for definitive Notes. Each Global Note will bear the personal signatures 
of two (2) duly authorised directors of the Issuer and will be authenticated by one or more employees of the 
Registrar. In addition, each Global Note representing the Notes of a Series will be effectuated by the Common 
Safekeeper.  
The Issuer will cause a register to be kept at the specified office of the Registrar (the "Register") on which will be 
entered the names and addresses of the Noteholders (as specified below) and the particulars of such Notes held by 
them and all transfers and payments (of interest and principal) of such Notes. The rights of the holders of a Series 
of Notes evidenced by the Global Note representing such Series of Notes and title to such Global Note itself will 
pass by assignment and registration in the Register. Each Global Note representing the Notes of a Series will be 
issued in the name of a nominee of the Common Safekeeper (each such nominee, respectively, the "Registered 
Holder"). Each Registered Holder will be subsequently registered as Noteholder in the relevant Register. An 
updated copy of such Register will be kept at all times at the registered office of the Issuer and holds such Notes 
on behalf of the actual Noteholders. 
Each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg, as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which 
regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg, as to the nominal 
amount of Notes standing to the account of any person will be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the 
case of manifest error) will be treated by the Issuer and any paying agent as the holder of such nominal amount of 
the Notes for all purposes. 
No transfer of Notes will be valid unless entered into the Registers, provided that the interests in the Notes 
represented by a Global Note are transferable only according to applicable rules and regulations of Clearstream 
Luxembourg and Euroclear, as the case may be. None of the Global Notes will be exchangeable for definitive 
Notes. 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders will be validly given if transmitted individually to the address set out in the Register 
for such Noteholder. 
As long as a Global Note is registered in the name of the Registered Holder notices to respective Noteholders may 
be validly given if transmitted to Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg for further communication to the persons 
shown as holders of the Notes in their records. Any notice so given will be deemed to have been given to all 
Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and Clearstream 
Luxembourg. 
In addition, as long as the Notes of a Series are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
the rules of such exchange so require, all notices to the respective Noteholders will be published in a newspaper 
having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Any notice referred to above will be deemed to have been 
given to all relevant Noteholders on the day on which such notice was published in a newspaper having general 
circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
Stock Exchange (www. luxse.com). Absent an official listing notices will be published in the electronic German 
Federal Gazette (elektronischer Bundesanzeiger). 
Payments of Principal and Interest 
Payments of principal and interest, if any, on the Notes shall be made by the Principal Paying Agent on behalf of 
the Issuer for further payment to Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear or to its order for credit to the relevant 
account holders of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. All payments in respect of any Note made by, or on 
behalf of, the Issuer to, or to the order of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall discharge the liability of the 
Issuer under such Note to the extent of sums so paid.  
Following a notice to be delivered by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) to all holders of any 
Series of the Notes no later than one month prior to the then current revolving period expiration date applicable to 
such Series of Notes (each a "Series Revolving Period Expiration Date", in each case as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms), all of the holders of such Series of Notes, acting collectively, will have the right to request (i) an 
extension of the then current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, (ii) an amendment to the interest rate (fixed 
or floating) of the Notes with respect to such extension period and (iii) the extension of the Final Maturity Date 
for such Series for a period to be specified in the relevant notice, which shall be equal to the period specified in 
such notice for the extension of the then current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date. Any amendments so 
requested shall become effective only if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has received confirmation from the Rating Agencies that such amendments will not in and of 
themselves result in a downgrade, withdrawal or qualification of the rating assigned to the relevant Series 
of Notes, or the Rating Agencies have confirmed that the assignment of new ratings are not lower than the 
rating for the then outstanding Notes of such Series before the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date 
was extended, or, as applicable, the Issuer has received a new rating confirmation stating the same rating 
for the relevant Series of Notes as applicable prior to the amendments; 
(b) 
by no later than the third Business Day prior to the then current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, 
the Issuer has confirmed by notice to the holders in the form prescribed in Condition 11 (Notices) that it 
has received such confirmation and that it agrees to the requested extension and the related amendments; 
and 
(c) 
the Issuer has arranged sufficient interest hedging for the current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date. 
The Notes of each Series are scheduled to be redeemed in full on the Payment Date specified to be the scheduled 
repayment date for such Series in the relevant Final Terms (each a "Scheduled Repayment Date"), provided that 
whenever with respect to a Series of Notes the relevant Series Revolving Period Expiration Date is extended, the 
relevant Scheduled Repayment Date shall be extended automatically for the same period as the relevant Series 
Revolving Period Expiration Date applicable to such Series. 
Notwithstanding Condition 8(d) (Payments of Interest), all payments of interest on and principal of each Series of 
Notes will be due and payable at the latest in full on the respective final maturity date of such Series of Notes as 
set out in the relevant Final Terms (each a "Final Maturity Date") provided that whenever with respect to a Series 
of Notes the relevant Series Revolving Period Expiration Date is extended, the relevant Final Maturity Date shall 
be extended automatically for the same period as the relevant Series Revolving Period Expiration Date applicable 
to such Series. 
Until the final payment in respect of the Notes, on the 21st day of each calendar month or, in the event such day is 
not a Business Day, on the next following Business Day, unless such day falls in the next calendar month, in which 
case the date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (the "Payment Date") the Issuer shall, subject 
to Condition 5(c) (Assets of the Issuer for the Purpose of Payments on the Notes and on the Subordinated Loan, 
Provision of Security, Limited Payment Obligation), pay to each Noteholder interest on the nominal amount of 
Notes outstanding immediately prior to the respective Payment Date at the relevant Notes Interest Rate, and shall 
make repayments of the nominal amount of relevant Notes by paying to the Noteholders of any Amortising Series 
of Notes the relevant Principal Payment Amount. 
On each Payment Date, the Available Distribution Amount will be an amount equal to the following amounts 
(without double counting):

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
(a) 
all Collections received or collected by the Servicer in respect of the Purchased Receivables during the 
immediately preceding Monthly Period; plus 
(b) 
all amounts received by the Issuer from the Seller pursuant to the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement and any Additional Receivables Purchase Agreement during the immediately preceding 
Monthly Period; plus 
(c) 
interest accrued on the Distribution Account and on the Accumulation Account; plus 
(d) 
Net Swap Receipts under the Swap Agreements entered into in relation to the Floating Rate Notes and 
any other amounts included in the Available Distribution Amount pursuant to Clause 20 (Distribution 
Account; Accumulation Account and Swap Provisions) of the Trust Agreement; plus 
(e) 
any amounts credited to the drawings from the Cash Collateral Account; plus 
(f) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Available Distribution 
Amount) received by the Issuer from any party to the Transaction Documents during the immediately 
preceding Monthly Period (including (a) any proceeds received by the Issuer from the sale of any 
Purchased Receivables made in accordance with the Transaction Documents, (b) the proceeds deriving 
from the sale of the Purchased Receivables to the Seller upon exercise by it of the Clean-Up Call in 
accordance with the Transaction Documents and (c) any indemnity which the Issuer may directly recover 
from third parties); plus 
(g) 
after the termination of the Revolving Period and prior to the service of an Enforcement Notice, any 
amounts standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account equal to the difference between the General 
Cash Collateral Amount and the Specified Cash Collateral Account Balance; plus 
(h) 
payments from the Cash Collateral Account as provided for in Clause 22.2 (Cash Collateral Account, 
Accumulation Account) of the Trust Agreement; plus 
(i) 
any other amounts standing to the credit of the Distribution Account; plus 
(j) 
in case of the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event or after termination of the Revolving Period, 
transfers from the Accumulation Account to the Distribution Account pursuant to Clause 22.4 (Cash 
Collateral Account, Accumulation Account) of the Trust Agreement; plus 
(k) 
during the Revolving Period, the amounts credited to the Accumulation Account on the immediately 
preceding Payment Date; less 
(l) 
the Buffer Release Amount, provided that no Early Amortisation Event has occurred. 
The Issuer will only be obliged to make any payments to the Noteholders, if it has first received such amounts to 
freely dispose of them. It is understood that interest and principal on the Notes will not be due on any Payment 
Date except to the extent there are sufficient funds in the respective Available Distribution Amount to pay such 
amounts in accordance with the Order of Priority. All payment obligations of the Issuer are limited recourse and 
constitute solely obligations of the Issuer to distribute amounts out of the respective Available Distribution Amount 
according to the Order of Priority. 
Amortisation Amounts 
On each Payment Date, the Issuer will pay to the holders of each Amortising Series of Notes an aggregate amount 
in respect of principal equal to the respective Amortisation Amount. 
Order of Priority  
Prior to the full discharge of all obligations of the Issuer to the Transaction Creditors, the Available Distribution 
Amount and any credit in the Distribution Account and the Cash Collateral Account (other than repayments due 
to VW Bank Italy in accordance with Clause 12.2 (Payments, Repayment Claims) of the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement) will be paid according to the following order of priority. Payments will be made on each

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
Payment Date (provided that any obligations referred below under items first through fourth may be satisfied on 
any date other than a Payment Date): 
(i) 
First, amounts due and payable in respect of taxes (if any) by the Issuer; 
 
(ii) 
Second, amounts (excluding any payments under the Trustee Claim) due and payable to (i) the Security 
Trustee and (ii) any successor of the Security Trustee; 
 
(iii) 
Third, the Servicer Fee due and payable to the Servicer; 
 
(iv) 
Fourth, pro rata and pari passu amounts due and payable (i) to the directors of the Issuer; (ii) to the 
Corporate Services Provider under the Corporate Services Agreement; (iii) to the Calculation Agent, the 
Registrar, the Interest Determination Agent and the Principal Paying Agent under the Agency Agreement 
and to the Account Bank and the Cash Administrator under the Account Agreement; (iv) to the Collection 
Account Bank under the Collection Account Bank Agreement; (v) to the Rating Agencies the fees for the 
monitoring of the Issue; and (vi) to the Issuer in respect of other administration costs and expenses of the 
Issuer, including, without limitation, any costs relating to the listing of the Notes on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the admission to trading of the Notes on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, any auditors' fees, any tax filing fees and any annual return or exempt 
company status fees; 
 
(v) 
Fifth, in or towards payment, pro rata and pari passu, amounts due and payable by the Issuer to the Swap 
Counterparty in respect of any Net Swap Payments or any Swap Termination Payments under a Swap 
Agreement entered into by the Issuer in relation to the Floating Rate Notes (provided that the Swap 
Counterparty under the respective Swap Agreement is not a "Defaulting Party" (as defined in the 
respective Swap Agreement) and there has been no termination of the transaction under the Swap 
Agreement due to a termination event relating to the Swap Counterparty's downgrade); 
 
(vi) 
Sixth, pro rata and pari passu amounts due and payable in respect of (a) interest accrued on the Notes 
during the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) on the Notes; 
 
(vii) 
Seventh, amounts payable to the Cash Collateral Account, until the General Cash Collateral Amount is 
equal to the Specified Cash Collateral Account Balance; 
 
(viii) 
Eighth, in or towards payment, pro rata and pari passu, of (1) the Amortisation Amounts to each 
Amortising Series of Notes and (2) during the Revolving Period, an amount equal to the Accumulation 
Amount to the Accumulation Account maintained for Non-Amortising Series of Notes; 
 
(ix) 
Ninth, in or towards payment, pro rata and pari passu, of amounts due and payable to (1) the Swap 
Counterparty under any Swap Agreement entered into by the Issuer in relation to the Floating Rate Notes 
other than payments made under item fifth above and (2) a Note Purchaser under the Note Purchase 
Agreement; 
 
(x) 
Tenth, pro rata and pari passu to the Subordinated Loan Provider, amounts due and payable in respect 
of interest on the Subordinated Loan both (a) accrued during the immediately preceding Interest Accrual 
Period and/or (b) unpaid on the immediately preceding Payment Date; 
 
(xi) 
Eleventh, pro rata and pari passu to the Subordinated Loan Provider, starting from the Payment Date 
falling 18 (eighteen) months after the relevant Issue Date, amounts due and payable in respect of principal 
on the Subordinated Loan by using the remaining Available Distribution Amount after having paid the 
amounts to be paid under items from (i) to (x) above; and 
 
(xii) 
Twelfth, to pay all remaining excess to VW Bank Italy as Servicer by way of an Additional Servicing Fee 
in accordance with the Servicing Agreement. 
Cash Collateral Account 
Subject to the receipt of the proceeds from the issuance of the Initial Notes, the Issuer shall, on the Initial Issue 
Date, deposit an amount of EUR 20,000,000.00 (representing 1.00 per cent. of the Aggregate Date Discounted 
Receivables Balance of the Initial Purchased Receivables) as Initial Cash Collateral Amount into the Cash

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
Collateral Account. The Cash Collateral Account shall be opened with the Account Bank and the Issuer shall at 
all times maintain such account with a bank having the Account Bank Required Ratings or an Account Bank 
Required Guarantee. 
To the extent the Buffer Release Rate is zero (0) or a positive number the Buffer Release Amount will be paid by 
the Issuer to the Seller by means of a deduction of such Buffer Release Amount from the Available Distribution 
Amount provided that no Early Amortisation Event has occurred.  
Furthermore, if subsequent to the Initial Issue Date: 
(i) 
the total amount of potential set-off risk resulting from depositor deposits with VW Bank Italy is greater 
than 1 per cent. of the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance; and 
(ii) 
VW Bank Italy's long-term rating is lower than (a) “Baa3” by Moody's, or (b) “BBB” by S&P Global, 
VW Bank Italy shall provide collateral amounting to the potential set-off risk which shall be adjusted on a monthly 
basis (the "Set-Off Risk Reserve"). The Set-Off Risk Reserve shall be deposited in the Cash Collateral Account 
and shall be exclusively used to cover losses resulting from set-off risks in respect of the Purchased Receivables. 
Duties of the Issuer 
In addition to its obligation to make payments to the Noteholders as set out in the Conditions of the Notes, the 
Issuer undertakes to hold, administer and collect or realise in accordance with the Conditions of the Notes, the 
Purchased Receivables (including damage claims in case of default of the respective Borrower) and ancillary rights 
arising from Loan Contracts which VW Bank Italy has concluded with private individual and commercial 
Borrowers, damage claims arising from a breach of contract or in tort against a respective Borrower, in particular 
claims to lump-sum damages in case of default of the Borrower, any claims arising from the right to require VW 
Bank Italy to repurchase the Purchased Receivables purchased by the Issuer under the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement and further described below under "DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO", the General 
Cash Collateral Amount, the rights arising from the Swap Agreements entered into by the Issuer in relation to the 
Floating Rate Notes and the Security, as well as any further rights arising from the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement, particularly the right to payment of the Settlement Amount. 
Clean-Up Call 
Under the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, VW Bank Italy will have the option to exercise a Clean-Up 
Call and to repurchase the Purchased Receivables from the Issuer on any Payment Date after the end of the 
Revolving Period, provided that the Clean-Up Call Conditions are satisfied. 
Principal Paying Agent 
The Issuer will make payments to the Noteholders through the Principal Paying Agent. Payments shall be made 
from the accounts of the Issuer with The Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch as Account Bank without 
having to execute an affidavit or fulfil any formalities other than the compliance with tax, currency exchange or 
other regulations of the country where the distribution takes place. The Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt 
Branch is an independent credit institution and is not affiliated to VW Bank or the Issuer and may be substituted 
as provided for in Condition 9(j) (Payment Obligations, Extension of Maturities and Agents). 
Security, Security Trustee and Enforcement 
Under the Trust Agreement the Issuer has appointed the Security Trustee to act for the benefit of the Transaction 
Creditors. In order to secure the Secured Obligations, the Issuer has assigned, transferred and pledged, as 
applicable, to the Security Trustee the Security (including but not limited to the Purchased Receivables, the related 
Loan Collateral and its rights and interests under the Transaction Documents). 
The Trust Agreement establishes the right and duty of the Security Trustee – to the extent necessary – to hold (with 
respect to the rights and claims assigned or transferred to the Security Trustee for security purposes), administer 
or realise the Security for the benefit of the Transaction Creditors and to perform only those other duties which are 
necessarily incidental thereto. The Transaction Creditors are entitled, subject to the provisions of Clauses 17 
(Foreclosure on the Security, Foreclosure Event) through 19 (Continuing Duties) of the Trust Agreement, to

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
demand from the Security Trustee the fulfilment of its duties as specified under the Conditions of the Notes. The 
Security Trustee is not obligated to monitor the fulfilment of the duties of the Issuer under the Notes, the Conditions 
of the Notes, the Subordinated Loan or any other Transaction Documents to which the Issuer is a party. All rights 
of the Noteholders shall remain at all times and under all circumstances vested in the Noteholders.  
The Security can be released pursuant to Clause 17 (Foreclosure on the Security; Foreclosure Event) of the Trust 
Agreement if (i) with respect to the Issuer an Insolvency Event occurs, (ii) the Issuer defaults in the payment of 
any interest on the Notes then outstanding when the same becomes due and payable, and such default continues 
for a period of five (5) Business Days or (iii) the Issuer defaults in the payment of principal of any Note on the 
Final Maturity Date.  
Interest and principal on the Notes will not be due and payable on any Payment Date except to the extent there are 
sufficient funds forming part of the Available Distribution Amount to pay such amounts in accordance with the 
Order of Priority. 
Applicable Law, Place of Performance and Place of Jurisdiction 
The form and content of the Notes and all of the rights and obligations of the Noteholders, the Issuer, the Principal 
Paying Agent and the Servicer under the Notes shall be subject in all respects to the laws of Germany. 
Place of performance and place of jurisdiction is Frankfurt am Main. 
For any litigation in connection with the Conditions of the Notes, which will be initiated against the Issuer in a 
court of Germany, the Issuer has appointed Intertrust Trustees GmbH, to accept service of process.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
ACCOUNT BANK, CASH ADMINISTRATOR AND CALCULATION AGENT  
This description of the Account Bank, the Cash Administrator and the Calculation Agent does not purport to be a 
summary of, and is therefore subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the detailed provisions of the 
Account Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
The Bank of New York Mellon, a wholly owned subsidiary of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation, is 
incorporated, with limited liability by Charter, under the Laws of the State of New York by special act of the New 
York State Legislature, Chapter 616 of the Laws of 1871, with its Head Office situate at 225 Liberty St New York, 
NY 10286, USA and having a branch registered in England & Wales with FC No 005522 and BR No 000818 with 
its principal office in the United Kingdom situated at 160 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA. 
The Bank of New York Mellon's corporate trust business services $12 trillion in outstanding debt from 55 locations 
around the world. It services all major debt categories, including corporate and municipal debt, mortgage-backed 
and asset-backed securities, collateralised debt obligations, derivative securities and international debt offerings. 
The Bank of New York Mellon's corporate trust and agency services are delivered through The Bank of New York 
Mellon and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. 
The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation is a global financial services company focused on helping clients 
manage and service their financial assets, operating in 35 countries and serving more than 100 markets. The 
company is a leading provider of financial services for institutions, corporations and high-net-worth individuals, 
providing superior asset management and wealth management, asset servicing, issuer services, clearing services 
and treasury services through a worldwide client-focused team. It has more than $26 trillion in assets under custody 
and administration and more than USD 1.4 trillion in assets under management. Additional information is available 
at bnymellon.com. 
To the best knowledge and belief of the Issuer, the above information about the Account Bank has been accurately 
reproduced. The Issuer is able to ascertain from such information published by the Account Bank that no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
To the best knowledge and belief of the Issuer, the above information about the Calculation Agent has been 
accurately reproduced. The Issuer is able to ascertain from such information published by the Calculation Agent 
that no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The 
Bank of New York Mellon is not affiliated to the Seller.  
Responsibilities and termination of the appointment as Calculation Agent 
The Calculation Agent shall check the calculations made by the Servicer in relation to the Order of Priority. 
The Issuer may at any time terminate the appointment of the Calculation Agent upon giving not less than 30 days' 
prior written notice. The Calculation Agent may at any time resign from its office by giving the Issuer not less 
than 30 days' prior notice, specifying the date on which its resignation shall become effective, provided that at all 
times there shall be a Calculation Agent with the required capacities appointed. Such termination or resignation 
shall become effective only upon the appointment by the Issuer of one or more, as the case may be, banks or 
financial institutions in the required capacity and the giving of not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of such 
appointment. If the Calculation Agent gives notice of its resignation and a replacement agent is required and by 
the tenth day before the expiration of such notice such replacement has not been duly appointed, the resigning 
party may itself appoint as its replacement any reputable and experienced financial institution.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
SWAP AGREEMENTS AND SWAP COUNTERPARTY 
The Issuer will enter into a Swap Agreement with respect to each Series of Floating Rate Notes with Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (the "Swap Counterparty"). Details of the Swap Counterparty are set 
out below. Each Swap Agreement will hedge the floating interest rate risk on the applicable Series of Floating 
Rate Notes. 
If the Swap Counterparty suffers a rating downgrade and ceases to be an Eligible Swap Counterparty, the Issuer 
may terminate the relevant Swap Agreement entered into by the Issuer in relation to the Floating Rate Notes if the 
Swap Counterparty fails, within a set period of time, to take certain actions intended to mitigate the effects of such 
downgrade. Such actions could include the Swap Counterparty collateralising its obligations as a referenced 
amount calculated in accordance with a credit support annex to the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement, transferring its 
obligations to a replacement Swap Counterparty or procuring a guarantee. 
Under the relevant Swap Agreement the Issuer will undertake to pay to the Swap Counterparty on each Payment 
Date an amount equal to the amount of interest on the nominal amount of the relevant Series of Floating Rate 
Notes outstanding on each Payment Date, calculated on the basis of a fixed rate of interest as specified for such 
Series of Floating Rate Notes in the relevant Final Terms. The Swap Counterparty will undertake to pay to the 
Issuer on each Payment Date an amount equal to the floating rate of interest on such outstanding nominal amount 
of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes, calculated on the basis of 1-month EURIBOR plus 0.90 per cent. per 
annum, in each case on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed in an Interest Accrual Period divided by 
360. 
Payments under each Swap Agreement entered into by the Issuer in relation to the Floating Rate Notes will be 
exchanged on a net basis on each Payment Date. Payments made by the Issuer under the Swap Agreements (other 
than termination payments related to an event of default where the Swap Counterparty is a defaulting party, or 
termination event due to the failure by the Swap Counterparty to take required action after a downgrade of its 
credit rating) rank higher in priority than all payments on the Notes. Payments by the Swap Counterparty to the 
Issuer under each Swap Agreements entered into in relation to the Floating Rate Notes will be made into the 
Distribution Account and will, to the extent necessary, be increased to insure that such payments are free and clear 
of all taxes.  
Events of default under the Swap Agreements entered into in relation to the Floating Rate Notes applicable to the 
Issuer are limited to, and (among other things) events of default applicable to the Swap Counterparty include, the 
following: 
(a) 
failure to make a payment under the relevant Swap Agreement when due, if such failure is not remedied 
within three Business Days of notice of such failure being given; or 
(b) 
the occurrence of certain bankruptcy and insolvency events. 
Termination events under each Swap Agreement entered into in relation to the Floating Rate Notes include, among 
other things, the following: 
(a) 
illegality of the transactions contemplated by such Swap Agreement; or 
(b) 
either party is required to pay additional amounts under such Swap Agreement due to certain taxes, or 
has the amount payable to it under the Swap Agreement reduced due to certain taxes, and a transfer to 
another office or Affiliate of the Swap Counterparty that would eliminate the effect of such taxes has not 
taken place after the time set forth in the Swap Agreement; or 
(c) 
an Enforcement Event under the Trust Agreement occurs or any Clean-Up Call or prepayment in full, but 
not in part, of the Notes occurs; or 
(d) 
failure of the relevant Counterparty to maintain its credit rating at certain levels required by the Swap 
Agreement entered into in relation to the Floating Rate Notes, which failure may not constitute a 
termination event if (in the time set forth in the applicable Swap Agreement) the Swap Counterparty:

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
(i) 
posts an amount of collateral (in the form of cash and/or securities) as set forth in such Swap 
Agreement; or 
(ii) obtains a guarantee from an institution with an acceptable rating as set forth in such Swap 
Agreement; or 
(iii) transfers its rights and obligations under such Swap Agreement to an Eligible Swap Counterparty; 
or 
(iv) takes such other action in order to maintain the rating of the Notes, or to restore the rating of the 
Notes to the level it would have been at immediately prior to such downgrade. 
Upon the occurrence of any event of default or termination event specified in a Swap Agreement entered into by 
the Issuer in relation to the Floating Rate Notes, the non-defaulting party, an affected party or the party which is 
not the affected party (as the case may be, depending on the termination event) may, after a period of time set forth 
in such Swap Agreement, elect to terminate such Swap Agreement. If a Swap Agreement is terminated due to an 
event of default or a termination event, a swap termination payment may be due to the Swap Counterparty by the 
Issuer out of its available funds. The amount of any such swap termination payment may be based on the actual 
cost or market quotations of the cost of entering into a similar swap transaction or such other methods as may be 
required under the Swap Agreement, in each case in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Swap 
Agreement. Any such swap termination payment could, if market rates or other conditions have changed 
materially, be substantial. Except under certain circumstances, Swap Termination Payments required to be made 
by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty will rank higher in priority than all payments on the Notes. In such event, 
the Purchased Receivables and the General Cash Collateral Amount may be insufficient to make the required 
payments on the Notes and the Noteholders may experience delays and/or reductions in the interest and principal 
payments on the Notes.  
The Swap Counterparty may, at its own cost, transfer its obligations under the Swap Agreements to a third party 
which shall be an Eligible Swap Counterparty. There can be no assurance that the credit quality of the replacement 
swap counterparty will ultimately prove as strong as that of the original Swap Counterparty. Any Swap 
Replacement Proceeds received by the Issuer or the Security Trustee on behalf of the Issuer from a replacement 
Swap Counterparty will be remitted directly to the Swap Termination Payment Account and will be applied in 
payment of any Swap Termination Payments to the Swap Counterparty under the initial Swap Agreement outside 
of the Priorities of Payments. If Swap Replacement Proceeds are insufficient to pay the Swap Termination Payment 
due to the initial Swap Counterparty, any shortfall will be paid in accordance with the Order of Priority. If Swap 
Replacement Proceeds exceed the Swap Termination Payment due to the initial Swap Counterparty, any excess 
will be treated as part of the Available Distribution Amount. 
The Issuer will assign its rights, title and interest in the Swap Agreements by way of security in favour of the 
Security Trustee pursuant to the Security Assignment Deed. 
The Swap Counterparty 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus the Swap Counterparty is Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank.  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank is a public limited company under French laws (with a Board of 
Directors), whose registered office is at 12, place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052, 92547 Montrouge Cedex - France. 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank is registered at the Trade and Commercial Register of Nanterre 
(France) under the number 304 187 701. Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank is subject to Articles 
L.225-1 et seq. of Book 2 of the French Commercial Code. As a credit institution, Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank is subject to Articles L.511-1 et seq. and L.531-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code.  
As of 30 June 2022, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank's shareholders' capital amounted to 
€7,851,636,342 divided into 290,801,346 shares with a par value of €27 each. Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank's share capital is held at 100% by Crédit Agricole Group and where Crédit Agricole S.A. holds 
97.77% of the share capital of Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank.  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank is the corporate and investment banking arm of Crédit Agricole 
Group.  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank offers banking services to its customers on a global basis. Its main 
activities are financing, capital markets and investment banking and wealth management.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
Financing business covers:  
• 
Structured finance, i.e. originating, structuring and financing major export and investment operations in 
France and abroad, often backed with assets as collateral (aircraft, shipping, real estate and hotel business, 
commodities, etc.), along with complex and structured loans;  
• 
Commercial banking, i.e. trade and export finance, including domestic and international cash 
management, short-term and medium-term trade finance, syndicated loans, leasing, factoring, 
international trade, domestic and international guarantees, market guarantees and interest rates and 
foreign exchange risk management products, as well as Corporate and Leveraged Finance activities 
(formerly Debt Optimisation and Distribution) including leverage, telecom and Corporate debt 
origination activities. 
Capital markets and investment banking covers treasury and liquidity management, fixed income, foreign 
exchange, credit markets, equity solutions activities as well as activities dedicated to mergers and acquisitions.  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank also runs a wealth management business in Europe out of France, 
Belgium, Switzerland, Luxembourg, Monaco, Spain, Italy and in Asia (Singapore and Hong Kong).  
Any further information on Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank can be obtained on Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank's website at www.ca-cib.com. This website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
TAXATION 
The following information is not intended as tax advice and does not purport to describe all of the tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a prospective investor of the Notes. This summary is a general description 
of current Italian law and practice relating to certain Italian tax aspects concerning the purchase, ownership and 
the disposal of the Notes based on the laws of the Republic of Italy currently in force and as applied on the date 
of this Base Prospectus, which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. It should be read in 
conjunction with the section entitled "RISK FACTORS". Potential investors of the Notes are urged to satisfy 
themselves as to the overall tax consequences of purchasing, holding and/or selling the Notes and, therefore, to 
consult their professional tax advisors. 
THE FOREGOING INFORMATION IS NOT EXHAUSTIVE; IT DOES NOT, IN PARTICULAR, DEAL 
WITH ALL TYPES OF TAXES NOR WITH THE POSITION OF INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD, THEREFORE, CONSULT THEIR PROFESSIONAL 
ADVISORS. 
Tax treatment of the Notes 
Under current legislation, pursuant to the provision of Article 6, paragraph 1, of the Securitisation Law and of 
Decree 239, as amended, payments of interest and other proceeds in respect of the Notes (hereinafter collectively 
referred to as “Interest”): 
(a) 
will be subject to final substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva) at the rate of 26 per cent. in Italy if made to 
beneficial owners who are: (i) individuals resident in Italy for tax purposes holding Notes not in connection 
with entrepreneurial activity; (ii) Italian resident partnerships (other than società in nome collettivo, società 
in accomandita semplice or similar partnerships), de facto partnerships not carrying out commercial 
activities and professional associations; (iii) Italian resident public and private entities, other than 
companies, not carrying out commercial activities as their only or main purpose; (iv) Italian resident 
entities exempt from corporate income tax and (v) non-Italian resident entities or persons without a 
permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, which are not eligible for 
the exemption from the imposta sostitutiva and/or do not timely comply with the requirements set forth in 
Decree 239 and the relevant application rules in order to benefit from the exemption from imposta 
sostitutiva (in each case unless the relevant Noteholder has entrusted the management of its financial assets, 
including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and has opted for the Risparmio Gestito regime 
according to Article 7 of Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 - the “Asset Management 
Option”). As to non-Italian resident beneficial owners, imposta sostitutiva may apply at lower or nil rate 
under double taxation treaties entered into by Italy, where applicable. 
The 26 per cent. final imposta sostitutiva (or, in certain cases, for treaty covered non-Italian resident 
beneficial owners, the lower rate provided for by the relevant applicable double tax treaty) will be generally 
applied by the Italian resident qualified financial intermediaries (or permanent establishments in Italy of 
foreign intermediaries) that will intervene, in any way, in the collection of Interest on the Notes or in the 
transfer of the Notes (the “Intermediaries” and each an “Intermediary”). 
In case the Notes are held by Noteholders mentioned above under (i) to (iii) that are engaged in a business 
activity to which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax and may be 
deducted from the income tax due by the Noteholders; 
(b) 
will not be subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the rate of 26 per cent. if made to investors who are: (i) 
Italian resident corporations or similar commercial entities or permanent establishments in Italy of non-
Italian resident corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected; (ii) Italian resident undertakings 
for collective investment (i.e., Italian resident investment funds, Italian SICAVs and Italian SICAFs other 
than Italian real estate investment funds and real estate SICAFs), Italian resident pension funds subject to 
the regime provided for by Article 17, paragraph 2, of Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005, 
Italian resident real estate investment funds and Italian resident SICAFs to which the provisions of Article 
9 of Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014 apply; (iii) Italian residents holding Notes not in 
connection with entrepreneurial activity who have entrusted the management of their financial assets, 
including the Notes, to an Italian authorised financial intermediary and have opted for the Asset 
Management Option and (iv) according to Decree 239, non-Italian resident beneficial owners of the Notes 
or institutional investors, even though not subject to taxation, with no permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected, provided that:

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
(1) 
such beneficial owners or institutional investors are respectively resident for tax purposes or 
established in a country included in the list of States which recognise the Italian tax authorities’ 
right to an adequate exchange of information (the “White List States”); and 
(2) 
all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree 239 and in the relevant application rules, 
as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva are 
timely met and complied with. 
Decree 239 also provides for additional exemptions from the imposta sostitutiva for payments of Interest 
in respect of the Notes made to (i) international bodies and organisations established in accordance with 
international agreements ratified in Italy, and (ii) Central Banks or entities, managing, inter alia, also the 
official State reserves. 
To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes without the application of imposta sostitutiva, investors must 
(i) be the beneficial owners of payments of Interest on the Notes or certain non-Italian resident institutional 
investors; (ii) timely deposit the Notes together with the coupons relating to such Notes directly or indirectly with 
an Intermediary or with a non-Italian resident entity participating in a centralised securities management system 
which is in contact, via telematic link, with the Ministry of Economics (which includes Euroclear and Clearstream) 
and (iii) in the event of non-Italian resident beneficial owners or institutional investors being holders of the Notes, 
according to Decree 239, timely file with the relevant depository a self-declaration stating to be resident for tax 
purposes or established in a country which recognises the Italian tax authorities’ right to an adequate exchange of 
information included among the White List States (for non-Italian resident Noteholders who are institutional 
investors certain additional declarations should also be made). Such self-declaration - which is not requested for 
international bodies and organisations established in accordance with international agreements ratified in Italy and 
Central Banks or entities managing also official State reserves - must comply with the requirements set forth by 
Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001, is valid until withdrawn or revoked and must not be submitted in case 
that a certificate, declaration or other similar document meant for equivalent uses was previously submitted to the 
same depository. 
White List States are currently identified by Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as subsequently amended 
and supplemented from time to time. Pursuant to Article 11, paragraph 4, let. c) of Decree 239, the Ministry of 
Finance should update the White List Decree on a semi-annual basis. 
Italian resident Noteholders holding Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial activity who have entrusted the 
management of the Notes to an authorised intermediary and have opted for the Asset Management Option are 
subject to a 26 per cent. annual substitutive tax (the “Asset Management Tax”) on the increase in value of the 
managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year (which increase would include any Interest accrued on the 
Notes during the holding period). The Asset Management Tax is applied on behalf of the taxpayer by the managing 
authorised intermediary. 
Interest accrued on the Notes would be included in the taxable business income (and in certain circumstances, 
depending on the “status” of the Noteholders, also in the net value of production for the purposes of regional tax 
on the value of production - IRAP) of beneficial owners who are (i) Italian resident corporations or similar 
commercial entities or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporation to which the Notes are effectively 
connected, subject to tax in Italy in accordance with ordinary tax rules and (ii) Italian resident individuals engaged 
in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are effectively connected. 
Italian resident undertakings for collective investment (the “UCIs”) are not subject to income tax. A withholding 
tax of 26 per cent. is levied, in certain circumstances, to distribution made by the UCIs in favour of certain 
categories of unitholders or shareholders. 
Italian resident pension funds subject to the regime set forth by Article 17, paragraph 2, of Legislative Decree No. 
252 of 5 December 2005 (the “Pension Funds”) are subject to a 20 per cent. annual substitutive tax (the “Pension 
Fund Tax”) on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year (which increase 
would include Interest accrued on the Notes during the holding period).  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals 
not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity, social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree 
No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 and Pension Funds, may be exempt 
from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other income relating to the 
Notes if the Notes are included in a long term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (88-98 and 100-114) of Law No. 232 of 11 December 
2016 (the “Finance Act 2017”) as amended and supplemented over the years. 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, as clarified by the Italian 
Ministry of Economy and Finance through Circular No. 47/E of 8 August 2003, payments of Interest in respect of 
Notes made to Italian resident real estate investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of the Financial Laws 
Consolidation Act and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 and to Italian resident SICAFs to which 
the provisions of Article 9 of Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014 apply (the “Real Estate UCIs”), are 
subject neither to substitute tax nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Real Estate UCIs. 
Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied 
and withheld by any Italian intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) that 
intervenes in the payment of Interest to any Noteholder or by the Issuer and Noteholders who are Italian resident 
companies or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively 
connected are entitled to deduct the imposta sostitutiva suffered from income taxes due by them. 
Capital gains tax 
Any capital gain realised upon the sale for consideration or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of 
the taxable business income (and, in certain cases, may also be included in the taxable net value of production for 
IRAP purposes), subject to tax in Italy according to the relevant tax provisions, if derived by Noteholders who are: 
(a) 
Italian resident corporations or similar commercial entities; 
(b) 
Italian resident commercial partnerships; 
(c) 
Permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected; 
or 
(d) 
Italian resident individuals carrying out a commercial activity, as to any capital gains realised within the 
scope of the commercial activity carried out. 
Pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 (“Decree 461”), any capital gain realised by Italian 
resident individuals holding Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial activity and certain other persons upon 
sale for consideration or redemption of the Notes would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva (substitute tax) at the 
current rate of 26 per cent.. Under the tax return regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the standard regime 
for taxation of capital gains realised by Italian resident individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activity, imposta 
sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any relevant 
incurred capital loss of the same nature, realised by Italian resident individuals holding Notes not in connection 
with entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all disposals of Notes carried out during any given fiscal year. Italian 
resident individuals holding Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial activity must report overall capital gains 
realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss of the same nature, in the annual tax return to be 
filed with the Italian tax authorities for such year and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any 
balance income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against 
capital gains of the same kind realised in any of the four succeeding tax years.  
As an alternative to the tax return regime, Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with 
entrepreneurial activity may elect to pay 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on 
each sale or redemption of the Notes (the “Risparmio Amministrato Regime”). Such separate taxation of capital 
gains is allowed subject to (i) the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, società di intermediazione mobiliare 
(SIM) or certain authorised financial intermediaries and (ii) an express election for the Risparmio Amministrato 
Regime being timely made in writing by the relevant Noteholder. Under the Risparmio Amministrato Regime, the 
financial intermediary is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on 
each sale or redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised at revocation of its mandate), 
net of any relevant incurred capital loss of the same nature, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian 
tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer. Under the Risparmio Amministrato Regime, where a sale or redemption 
of the Notes results in capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains of the same kind subsequently 
realised within the same relationship of deposit in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. 
Under the Risparmio Amministrato Regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare capital gains in its annual 
tax return and remains anonymous.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
Any capital gains accrued to Noteholders who are Italian resident UCIs are not subject to income tax. A 
withholding tax of 26 per cent. is levied, in certain circumstances, to distribution made by the UCIs in favour of 
certain categories of unitholders or shareholders upon redemption or disposal of the units or shares. 
Any capital gains accrued to Italian resident Noteholders holding Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial 
activity who have elected for the Asset Management Option will be included in the computation of the annual 
increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to the Asset Management 
Tax to be applied on behalf of the taxpayer by the managing authorised intermediary. Under the Asset Management 
Option, any loss of the managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the 
managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the Asset Management Option, the 
Noteholder is not required to report capital gains realised in its annual tax return and remains anonymous. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals 
not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity, social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 
June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 and Pension Funds may be exempt from the 
imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes, if the Notes are included in a 
long term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
set forth in Article 1(88-98 and 100-114) of Finance Act 2017, as amended by Finance Act 2019. 
Any capital gains accrued to Noteholders who are Italian resident Pension Funds, will be included in the 
computation of the taxable basis of Pension Fund Tax. 
Any capital gains accrued to Noteholders who are Real Estate UCIs are not subject to any substitute tax at the Real 
Estate UCI level nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Real Estate UCI. 
The 26 per cent. final imposta sostitutiva on capital gains may in certain circumstances be payable on capital gains 
realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of the Notes by non-Italian resident individuals or entities 
without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, if the Notes are held in 
Italy. 
However, any capital gains realised by non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are effectively connected through the sale for consideration or redemption of the Notes are exempt from 
taxation in Italy to the extent that the Notes are listed on a regulated market in Italy or abroad and in certain cases 
subject to timely filing of required documentation (in particular, a self-declaration not to be resident in Italy for 
tax purposes), even if the Notes are held in Italy and regardless of the provisions set forth by any applicable double 
tax treaty. 
In case the Notes are held in Italy but are not listed on a regulated market in Italy or abroad: 
(i) 
pursuant to the provisions of Article 5 of Decree 461, non-Italian resident beneficial owners of the Notes 
with no permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected are exempt from 
imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised, upon sale for consideration or redemption of 
the Notes, if they are resident, for tax purposes, in a country which recognises the Italian tax authorities’ 
right to an adequate exchange of information (included among the White List States, as defined above). 
Exemption from Italian imposta sostitutiva on capital gains realised upon disposal of Notes not listed on 
a regulated market also applies to non-Italian residents who are (a) international bodies and organizations 
established in accordance with international agreements ratified in Italy; (b) certain foreign institutional 
investors, even though not subject to income tax or to other similar taxes, established in countries which 
allow an adequate exchange of information with Italy included among the White List States and (c) 
Central Banks or other entities, managing also official State reserves. 
In such cases, if non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are 
effectively connected hold Notes with an Italian authorised financial intermediary and elect for the Asset 
Management Option or are subject to the Risparmio Amministrato Regime, in order to benefit from 
exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains such non-Italian residents may be required to timely file 
with the authorised financial intermediary an appropriate self-declaration stating that they meet the 
subjective requirements indicated above. Additional statements may be required for non-Italian resident 
Noteholders that are institutional investors; 
(ii) 
in any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy,

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
providing that capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the country 
of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains 
realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of Notes. 
In such case, if non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are 
effectively connected hold Notes with an Italian authorised financial intermediary and elect for the Asset 
Management Option or are subject to the Risparmio Amministrato Regime, in order to benefit from 
exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains such non-Italian residents may be required to file in time 
with the authorised financial intermediary appropriate documents which include inter alia a certificate 
of residence from the competent tax authorities of the country of residence of the non-Italian residents. 
The Risparmio Amministrato Regime is the ordinary regime automatically applicable to non-Italian 
resident individuals and entities in relation to Notes deposited for safekeeping or administration at Italian 
banks, SIMs and other eligible entities, but non-Italian resident Noteholders retain the right to waive this 
regime. Such waiver may also be exercised by non-Italian resident intermediaries in respect of 
safekeeping, administration and deposit accounts held in their names in which third parties’ financial 
assets are held. 
Inheritance and gift tax 
Inheritance and gift tax would be payable in Italy at the following rates on the transfer of the Notes by reason of 
death or donation, regardless of whether or not the Notes are held outside of Italy, if the deceased person or the 
donor were either resident or non-resident in Italy for tax purposes at the time of death or gift: 
- 
4 per cent. if the transfer is made to spouses and direct descendants or ancestors; in this case, the transfer is 
subject to tax on the value of the entire inheritance or gift exceeding Euro 1,000,000.00 for each beneficiary; 
- 
6 per cent. if the transfer is made to brothers and sisters; in this case, the transfer is subject to tax on the 
value of the entire inheritance or gift exceeding Euro 100,000.00 for each beneficiary; 
- 
6 per cent. if the transfer is made to relatives up to the fourth degree, to persons related by direct affinity as 
well as to persons related by collateral affinity up to the third degree; 
- 
8 per cent. in all other cases. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax applies on the value of the entire 
inheritance or gift exceeding Euro 1,500,000.00 for each beneficiary. 
Transfer tax 
The deed of transfer of the Notes may be subject to Italian registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds and notarized 
deeds executed in Italy are subject to fixed registration tax at a fixed amount of Euro 200.00; (ii) private deeds are 
subject to registration tax at a rate of Euro 200.00 due only in case voluntary registration or if the so called caso 
d’uso or enunciazione occurs. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 (“Decree 201”), a proportional stamp duty 
applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent by financial intermediaries to their clients 
for the Notes deposited therewith. The stamp duty applies at the current rate of 0.2 per cent.; this stamp duty is 
determined on the basis of the market value or - if no market value figure is available - the nominal value or 
redemption amount of the Notes held. The stamp duty can be no lower than Euro 34.20. If the client is not an 
individual, the stamp duty cannot be higher than Euro 14,000.00. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree 201, Italian resident individuals holding the Notes outside the Italian territory 
are required to pay an additional tax the current rate of 0.2 per cent. or 0.4 per cent in case the financial instruments 
are held in a black-list country which are listed in the Ministerial Decree of May 4, 1999.  
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or - if no market value figure 
is available - the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held outside the Italian territory.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid in the State where the 
financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due). 
Authomatic Exchange of Information under Directive on Administrative Cooperation in the field of 
Taxation 
On 3 June 2003, the EU Council of Economic and Finance Ministers (“ECOFIN”) adopted a directive regarding 
the taxation of savings income (“EU Savings Directive” or the “Directive”). Under the Directive each Member 
State is required to provide to the tax authorities of another Member State details of payments of interest or other 
similar income paid by a person within its jurisdiction to an individual resident in that other Member State. A 
number of non-EU countries and certain dependent or associated territories of certain Member States, have adopted 
similar measures (either provision of information or transitional withholding) in relation to payments made by a 
person within its jurisdiction to, or collected by such person for, an individual resident in a Member State. In 
addition, the Member States have entered into provision of information or transitional withholding arrangements 
with certain of those dependent or associated territories in relation to payments made by a person in a Member 
State to, or collected by such a person from, an individual resident in one of those territories. 
Italy originally implemented the Directive through Legislative Decree No. 84 of 18 April 2005 (“Decree 84”). 
On 10 November 2015, the EU Council Directive 2015/2060/EU, under proposal of the European Commission, 
repealed the EU Savings Directive which was replaced by the DAC, as amended and supplemented from time to 
time, on administrative cooperation in the field of taxation. This is to prevent overlap between the EU Savings 
Directive and the new automatic exchange of information regime to be implemented under the DAC. 
The new regime under DAC is in accordance with the Global Standard released by the Organisation for Economic 
Co-operation and Development in July 2014. It is worth mentioning that the range of payments to be automatically 
reported under the DAC is broader than the scope of the automatic information previously foreseen by the EU 
Savings Directive. Moreover, unlike the EU Saving Directive, the DAC does not impose withholding taxes. 
The DAC has been implemented in Italy through Legislative Decree No. 29 of 4 March 2014, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, and with Ministerial Decree of 28 December 2015 issued by the Minister of 
Economy and Finance, as amended and supplemented from time to time, (published in the Gazzetta Ufficiale della 
Repubblica Italiana No. 303 of 31 December 2015). Accordingly, Legislative Decree No. 84 of 18 April 2005 
(implementing in Italy the EU Saving Directive) has been repealed with effect from 1 January 2016 by Article 28 
of Law No. 122 of 7 July 2016. 
Finally, on 25 May, 2018 the EU Council Directive 2018/822 (the “DAC 6”) has been adopted. The DAC 6 has 
been implemented in Italy with Decree No. 100 of 30 July 2020. Under the DAC 6 intermediaries which meet 
certain EU nexus criteria and taxpayers are required to disclose to the relevant Tax Authorities certain cross-border 
arrangements, which contain one or more of a prescribed list of hallmarks. The reports will be automatically 
exchanged among the EU Member States’ Tax Authorities. The DAC6 applies to all types of direct taxes. The 
disclosure must be made within 30 days and it must include details of relevant taxpayer(s), their associated parties 
and the cross-border arrangement at hand.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO 
The Seller has warranted and guaranteed in the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement that with respect to the 
Purchased Receivables, the following eligibility criteria have been or will be fulfilled (for the avoidance of doubt, 
when applying the eligibility criteria below the Purchased Receivables have been selected randomly and not with 
the intention to prejudice the Noteholders) as of the relevant Cut-off Date: 
(a) 
the Purchased Receivables constitute legal valid, binding and enforceable rights and claims against the 
respective Borrowers; 
(b) 
the Purchased Receivables are assignable and require the Borrowers to make monthly payments for a 
period not exceeding eighty-four (84) months from the date of origination of the respective Purchased 
Receivable; 
(c) 
the Purchased Receivables are denominated and payable in EUR and have fixed rates; 
(d) 
VW Bank Italy may dispose of the Purchased Receivables free from rights of third parties and free from 
other encumbrances; 
(e) 
the Purchased Receivables are free of defences, whether pre-emptory or otherwise for the agreed term of 
the Loan Contract as well as free of rights of third parties and, in particular, the Borrowers have no set-
off rights; 
(f) 
no Purchased Receivable is overdue; 
(g) 
the status and enforceability of the Purchased Receivables are not impaired by set-off rights or due to 
warranty claims or any other rights of the Borrower (even if the Issuer knew or could have known on the 
relevant Cut-off Date of the existence of such defences or rights); 
(h) 
no Persons to whom the Seller has advanced auto loans on the terms of a Loan Contract maintains deposits 
on accounts with VW Bank Italy; 
(i) 
none of the Borrowers is an affiliate of Volkswagen AG, Familie Porsche Stuttgart und Familie Piech 
Salzburg Gruppe (registered as a single borrower unit at the German Central Bank); 
(j) 
none of the Borrowers is an employee of VW Bank Italy; 
(k) 
according to VW Bank Italy's records, no Loan Contract relating to a Purchased Receivable has been 
terminated or is in the process of being terminated; 
(l) 
the Purchased Receivables derive from the Loan Contracts (including Balloon Loan Contracts but in such 
case limited to AutoCredit Loan Contracts) governed by the laws of Italy; 
(m) 
the Loan Contracts relating to the Purchased Receivables have been entered into exclusively with 
Borrowers which, if they are corporate entities have their registered office in Italy or, if they are 
individuals have their place of residence in Italy; 
(n) 
at least two instalments have been paid in respect of each of the Purchased Receivables; 
(o) 
the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance of Purchased Receivables resulting from Loan Contracts 
with one and the same Borrower will not exceed 0.5% of the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance; 
(p) 
the Loan Contracts relating to the Purchased Receivables which are subject to the provisions of the Italian 
law on consumer financing, comply in all material respects with the requirements of such provisions and, 
in particular contain legally accurate instructions in respect of the right of revocation of the Borrowers 
and that none of the Borrowers has used its right of revocation within the term of revocation; 
(q) 
according to VW Bank Italy's records, no insolvency proceedings are initiated against any of the 
Borrowers; and 
(r) 
the purchase of the Purchased Receivables will not result in the Aggregate Discounted Receivables 
Balance of all Purchased Receivables exceeding the following concentration limits with respect to the 
percentage of Discounted Receivables Balance generated under Loan Contracts for used vehicles 
(concentration limit: 40 per cent.), ClassicCredit for used vehicles (concentration limit: 20 per cent.) and 
Loan Contracts for non-VW group brand vehicles (concentration limit: 10 per cent.). 
The characteristics set forth in this section are based on the Initial Purchased Receivables balance as of the Cut-
off Date of the Initial Purchased Receivables. 
As of the Cut-off Date of the Initial Purchased Receivables, the Initial Purchased Receivables: 
1. 
had an original term of maturity of 10 to 82 months and a remaining term to maturity between 1 and 70 
months;

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
2. 
had a contract rate of 0.00 per cent. to 11.99 per cent. and a weighted average contract rate of 6.51 per cent.; 
3. 
were not past due; and 
4. 
satisfied the other criteria set forth in the Transaction Documents. 
Approx. 83.64% of the Initial Purchased Receivables derive from AutoCredit Loans. 
Under the AutoCredit Loans the relevant borrower shall pay: 
1. 
substantially equal monthly instalments over the life of the relevant Loan; plus 
2. 
a final larger balloon instalment that is equal to a predetermined minimum guaranteed value/amount of the 
vehicle purchased by the borrower (the "Balloon Instalment"). 
On or prior to the execution of each AutoCredit Loan Contract, the borrower and the relevant dealer (the "Original 
Dealer") also enter into an “impegno di ritiro e opzione maxirata” agreement (the "Maxi Rata Option 
Agreement"), that is also accepted by the Seller. 
Under the Maxi Rata Option Agreement, it is agreed that: 
The Borrower may elect to perform her/his pecuniary obligation to pay the Balloon Instalment by alternative 
different means: 
(a) 
payment of the Balloon Instalment to the Seller; or  
(b) 
return of the vehicle to the Original Dealer and purchase of a new vehicle; or  
(c) 
return of the vehicle to the Original Dealer; 
The borrower is discharged under the relevant Auto-Credit Loan: 
1. 
in case sub (a) above, upon payment of the Balloon Instalment (provided that the borrower has duly paid all 
the instalments accrued so far); 
2. 
in case sub (b) above, upon the purchase of a new vehicle and the simultaneous acceptance by the Original 
Dealer of the old vehicle (provided that the borrower has duly paid all the instalments accrued so far); 
3. 
in case sub (c) above, upon the acceptance by the Original Dealer of the old vehicle (provided that the 
borrower has duly paid all the instalments accrued so far). 
The obligation of the Original Dealer to collect the vehicle is subject to a number of conditions, including that all 
relevant Loan instalments (other than the Balloon Instalment) have been fully and timely paid by the borrower, 
that the borrower delivers to the Original Dealer a power of attorney to sell the vehicle (together with all the 
documentation necessary to perfect such sale), that the vehicle has been the subject of all checks provided for by 
the relevant manufacturer and that the vehicle is in normal use conditions and free from any lien. 
Upon collection of the vehicle by the Original Dealer, the borrower is discharged of its payment obligation for the 
Balloon Instalment (as outlined under paragraph 2 above) and the latter is directly borne by the Original Dealer – 
i.e. the Issuer (as transferee of the relevant Purchased Receivables) would have a direct claim for the payment of 
the Balloon Instalments only towards the Original Dealer. In that respect, it must be noted that: 
1. 
the discharge of the borrower for the payment of the Balloon Instalment is not dependent upon the effective 
sale of the vehicle and/or the amount of the proceeds of the sale of the vehicle by the Original Dealer – the 
same applies to the obligation of the Original Dealer to pay the Balloon Instalment, i.e. the Original Dealer 
has the obligation to pay the Balloon Instalment to the Issuer (as the transferee of the relevant Purchased 
Receivables) by no later than 10 days from its due date, independently from the sale of the vehicle and/or the 
proceeds received therefrom; 
2. 
the monetary claims for the payment of the Balloon Instalment by the Original Dealer under the Auto-Credit 
Loans are existing receivables (crediti esistenti) and have been transferred to the Issuer under the Master 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
In the event that the Original Dealer is in default and/or in financial difficulties, the Seller may elect to propose to 
the borrower that a new replacement Volkswagen Group dealer (selected by the Seller/ Volkswagen Group)

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
replaces the Original Dealer and assumes the obligations of such Original Dealer under the respective Maxi Rata 
Option Agreement (the "New Dealer"). In that respect, it must be noted that: 
1. 
there is no obligation on the Seller to propose a New Dealer to the relevant borrower under the Auto-Credit 
Loan and/or the relevant Maxi Rata Option Agreement; 
2. 
under the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Seller has also transferred to the Issuer the monetary 
claims for the payment of the Balloon Instalments under an Auto-Credit Loan towards any New Dealer that 
has accepted to step-in in the relevant Maxi Rata Option Agreement – and under the Servicing Agreement, 
the Servicer has also undertaken to procure that either each such New Dealer is notified or acknowledges of 
the transfer of the claims to the Issuer, promptly upon the acceptance of the New Dealer to step-in in the 
relevant Maxi Rata Option Agreement. 
The composition, distribution by remaining term, distribution by contract rate and geographic distribution, in each 
case of the Initial Purchased Receivables as of the Cut-off Date of the Initial Purchased Receivables, are set forth 
in the tables below.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
Composition of the Initial Purchased Receivables pool as of the Cut-off Date of the Initial Purchased 
Receivables 
 
Outstanding Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance 
2,000,012,870.71 
Number of Loan Contracts 
125,238 
Average Outstanding Discounted Receivables Balance 
15,969.70 
Range of Outstanding Discounted Receivables 
EUR 30.32 to EUR 163,644.44 
Weighted Average Contract Interest Rate (1) 
6.51% 
Range of Contract Interest Rates 
0 per cent to 11.99 per cent 
Weighted Average Remaining Term (1) 
27.31 
Range of Remaining Terms 
From 1 to 70 months 
Weighted Average Original Term (1) 
41.08 
Range of Original Terms 
From 7 to 84 months 
 
(1) Weighted by principal balance as of 31 May 2024 
 
Total Portfolio 
The arrangements entered into or to be entered into by the Issuer on or prior to the Initial Issue Date, taken together 
with the portfolio and the structural features of the securitisation, provide that the securitised assets backing the 
issue have characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service any payments due and payable on 
the Notes in accordance with the Conditions. However, regard should be had both to the characteristics of the 
Portfolio and the other assets and rights available to the Issuer under the Securitisation and the risks to which the 
Issuer and the Notes may be exposed. Prospective holders of the Notes should consider the detailed information 
set out elsewhere in this Prospectus, including, without limitation, under the section headed “RISK FACTORS”.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
1. 
Run Out Schedule 
This amortisation scenario is based on the assumptions (i) that no losses, prepayments or delinquencies occur and 
(ii) it is calculated as of the Cut-off Date for the Initial Purchased Receivables. and (ii) that the final pool cut 
produces similar cash flows as the preliminary pool cut. It should be noted that the actual amortisation of the 
Purchased Receivables during the Revolving Period after the purchase of Additional Purchased Receivables may 
differ substantially from the amortisation scenario indicated below. 
Payment date 
Principal 
Interest 
Instalment 
arrears 
€0.00  
€0.00  
€0.00  
06/2024 
€39,073,927.64  
€11,970,284.33  
€51,044,211.97  
07/2024 
€38,684,902.86  
€11,738,937.27  
€50,423,840.13  
08/2024 
€36,392,699.10  
€11,507,355.14  
€47,900,054.24  
09/2024 
€39,577,086.01  
€11,289,491.97  
€50,866,577.98  
10/2024 
€37,156,602.65  
€11,052,566.15  
€48,209,168.80  
11/2024 
€40,421,762.63  
€10,830,131.16  
€51,251,893.79  
12/2024 
€40,113,848.72  
€10,588,149.27  
€50,701,997.99  
01/2025 
€37,408,043.55  
€10,348,010.85  
€47,756,054.40  
02/2025 
€42,196,915.81  
€10,124,071.10  
€52,320,986.91  
03/2025 
€48,252,047.01  
€9,871,461.66  
€58,123,508.67  
04/2025 
€47,046,951.81  
€9,582,606.01  
€56,629,557.82  
05/2025 
€51,776,433.35  
€9,300,962.91  
€61,077,396.26  
06/2025 
€54,038,950.34  
€8,991,008.63  
€63,029,958.97  
07/2025 
€49,900,986.67  
€8,667,508.93  
€58,568,495.60  
08/2025 
€41,588,594.24  
€8,368,779.61  
€49,957,373.85  
09/2025 
€50,634,009.64  
€8,119,811.77  
€58,753,821.41  
10/2025 
€48,783,684.59  
€7,816,697.03  
€56,600,381.62  
11/2025 
€48,048,029.77  
€7,524,657.14  
€55,572,686.91  
12/2025 
€45,766,712.37  
€7,237,022.76  
€53,003,735.13  
01/2026 
€50,088,685.36  
€6,963,049.54  
€57,051,734.90  
02/2026 
€56,487,499.10  
€6,663,202.89  
€63,150,701.99  
03/2026 
€59,226,926.96  
€6,325,048.13  
€65,551,975.09  
04/2026 
€51,738,015.58  
€5,970,492.23  
€57,708,507.81  
05/2026 
€60,403,472.00  
€5,660,767.39  
€66,064,239.39  
06/2026 
€60,917,214.11  
€5,299,167.38  
€66,216,381.49  
07/2026 
€64,233,513.76  
€4,934,490.84  
€69,168,004.60  
08/2026 
€50,729,205.21  
€4,549,961.70  
€55,279,166.91  
09/2026 
€65,752,734.47  
€4,246,275.63  
€69,999,010.10  
10/2026 
€73,887,399.54  
€3,852,654.61  
€77,740,054.15  
11/2026 
€71,793,878.16  
€3,410,333.85  
€75,204,212.01  
12/2026 
€79,241,553.43  
€2,980,545.21  
€82,222,098.64  
01/2027 
€77,161,944.20  
€2,506,173.82  
€79,668,118.02  
02/2027 
€79,540,730.95  
€2,044,250.22  
€81,584,981.17  
03/2027 
€82,542,431.41  
€1,568,131.21  
€84,110,562.62  
04/2027 
€11,637,027.67  
€1,073,997.26  
€12,711,024.93  
05/2027 
€12,755,426.92  
€1,004,332.01  
€13,759,758.93  
06/2027 
€13,649,322.81  
€927,972.30  
€14,577,295.11  
07/2027 
€12,049,575.86  
€846,261.98  
€12,895,837.84  
08/2027 
€10,905,687.88  
€774,128.30  
€11,679,816.18  
09/2027 
€13,197,908.12  
€708,842.45  
€13,906,750.57  
10/2027 
€14,710,051.21  
€629,834.04  
€15,339,885.25  
11/2027 
€13,848,032.65  
€541,773.97  
€14,389,806.62  
12/2027 
€13,405,042.60  
€458,873.67  
€13,863,916.27

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
Payment date 
Principal 
Interest 
Instalment 
01/2028 
€12,694,389.54  
€378,625.55  
€13,073,015.09  
02/2028 
€12,833,969.46  
€302,631.33  
€13,136,600.79  
03/2028 
€13,947,322.89  
€225,802.46  
€14,173,125.35  
04/2028 
€2,499,278.15  
€142,307.73  
€2,641,585.88  
05/2028 
€2,436,428.67  
€127,345.51  
€2,563,774.18  
06/2028 
€2,514,059.36  
€112,760.16  
€2,626,819.52  
07/2028 
€2,171,202.12  
€97,709.66  
€2,268,911.78  
08/2028 
€2,138,381.45  
€84,712.72  
€2,223,094.17  
09/2028 
€2,092,054.79  
€71,911.26  
€2,163,966.05  
10/2028 
€1,311,662.73  
€59,387.15  
€1,371,049.88  
11/2028 
€1,198,224.47  
€51,534.99  
€1,249,759.46  
12/2028 
€1,060,666.05  
€44,362.22  
€1,105,028.27  
01/2029 
€960,785.20  
€38,012.54  
€998,797.74  
02/2029 
€862,167.14  
€32,260.67  
€894,427.81  
03/2029 
€727,376.46  
€27,099.39  
€754,475.85  
04/2029 
€582,945.71  
€22,745.18  
€605,690.89  
05/2029 
€539,768.75  
€19,255.18  
€559,023.93  
06/2029 
€488,255.55  
€16,023.80  
€504,279.35  
07/2029 
€437,368.16  
€13,101.15  
€450,469.31  
08/2029 
€390,919.15  
€10,482.89  
€401,402.04  
09/2029 
€348,429.82  
€8,142.64  
€356,572.46  
10/2029 
€293,037.61  
€6,056.75  
€299,094.36  
11/2029 
€241,146.60  
€4,302.31  
€245,448.91  
12/2029 
€189,689.53  
€2,858.88  
€192,548.41  
01/2030 
€147,599.86  
€1,723.23  
€149,323.09  
02/2030 
€95,900.98  
€839.79  
€96,740.77  
03/2030 
€44,371.79  
€265.60  
€44,637.39  
Total 
 €       2,000,012,870.71  
 €     260,772,335.06  
 €                     2,260,785,205.77

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
2. 
Distribution by Brand 
 
Total  portfolio 
 
Distribution by 
brand 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding discounted 
balance 
Percentage of 
outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
Audi 
27,895 
22.27% 
€565,390,132.64 
28.27% 
Seat 
2,420 
1.93% 
€19,560,376.38 
0.98% 
Skoda 
11,717 
9.36% 
€173,269,784.98 
8.66% 
VW 
79,916 
63.81% 
€1,198,792,599.78 
59.94% 
VW LCV 
1,881 
1.50% 
€32,680,103.49 
1.63% 
Other brands 
1,409 
1.13% 
€10,319,873.44 
0.52% 
Total 
125,238 
100.00% 
€2,000,012,870.71 
100.00%

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
3. 
Distribution by Down Payment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total portfolio 
 
Distribution by down 
payment 
Number 
of 
contracts 
Percentage 
of contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted balance 
Percentage 
of 
outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
Down 
payment/ 
Purchase 
price 
in % 
No Down payment 
11,243 
8.98% 
€109,205,396.06 
5.46% 
0.00% 
<=1,000.00€ 
2,901 
2.32% 
€43,721,937.49 
2.19% 
2.87% 
1,000.01€-2,000.00€ 
3,168 
2.53% 
€46,827,905.36 
2.34% 
9.00% 
2,000.01€-3,000.00€ 
5,451 
4.35% 
€85,072,404.07 
4.25% 
13.22% 
3,000.01€-4,000.00€ 
7,096 
5.67% 
€116,107,135.07 
5.81% 
16.79% 
4,000.01€-5,000.00€ 
11,993 
9.58% 
€204,079,924.27 
10.20% 
20.34% 
5,000.01€-6,000.00€ 
9,612 
7.67% 
€167,328,011.57 
8.37% 
23.17% 
6,000.01€-7,000.00€ 
9,327 
7.45% 
€162,554,366.31 
8.13% 
26.23% 
7,000.01€-8,000.00€ 
8,947 
7.14% 
€158,242,340.72 
7.91% 
28.87% 
8,000.01€-9,000.00€ 
7,226 
5.77% 
€129,146,782.05 
6.46% 
31.33% 
9,000.01€-10,000.00€ 
9,012 
7.20% 
€170,386,339.36 
8.52% 
32.04% 
10,000.01€-11,000.00€ 
4,615 
3.68% 
€88,411,792.26 
4.42% 
33.94% 
11,000.01€-12,000.00€ 
4,254 
3.40% 
€82,735,403.05 
4.14% 
35.45% 
12,000.01€-13,000.00€ 
3,395 
2.71% 
€67,067,951.18 
3.35% 
36.77% 
13,000.01€-14,000.00€ 
2,607 
2.08% 
€51,861,736.36 
2.59% 
38.06% 
14,000.01€-15,000.00€ 
3,153 
2.52% 
€62,065,180.78 
3.10% 
39.50% 
>15,000.00€ 
21,238 
16.96% 
€255,198,264.75 
12.76% 
61.44% 
Total 
125,238 
100.00% 
€2,000,012,870.71 
100.00% 
34.06% 
 
Statistics 
Minimum down payment 
    
 €                                  -  
Maximum down payment 
    
 €                    180,100.00  
Average down payment 
    
 €                        8,868.19

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
4. 
Distribution by Customer Type 
 
Total portfolio 
  
Customer type 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding discounted 
balance 
Percentage of 
outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
Corporate 
0 
0.00% 
 €                                  -  
0.00% 
Retail 
125,238 
100.00%  €           2,000,012,870.71  
100.00% 
Total 
              125,238  
100.00%  €           2,000,012,870.71  
100.00%

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
5. 
Distribution by Payment Type 
  
Total portfolio 
  
Distribution by payment type 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage 
of contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted balance 
Percentage of 
outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
Direct borrower account debit 
124,924 
99.75% 
€1,995,506,391.48 
99.77% 
Other 
314 
0.25% 
€4,506,479.23 
0.23% 
Total 
125,238 
100.00% 
€2,000,012,870.71 
100.00%

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
6. 
Distribution by Contract Concentration 
 
Total portfolio 
 
Distribution by 
contract 
concentration 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding discounted 
balance 
Percentage of 
outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
1 
123,892 
98.93% 
€1,977,021,824.80 
98.85% 
2 
1,112 
0.89% 
€20,267,228.31 
1.01% 
3 
93 
0.07% 
€1,533,172.86 
0.08% 
4 
28 
0.02% 
€556,746.06 
0.03% 
5 
25 
0.02% 
€282,658.88 
0.01% 
6-10 
54 
0.04% 
€241,623.23 
0.01% 
>10 
34 
0.03% 
€109,616.57 
0.01% 
Total 
125,238 
100.00% 
€2,000,012,870.71 
100.00%

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
7. 
Distribution by Largest Customer (Top 20 Obligors) 
 
Total portfolio 
 
Distribution by 
largest customer 
Number of 
contracts* 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted balance* 
Percentage of 
outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
1 
4 
0.003% 
233,400.55€ 
0.012% 
2 
1 
0.001% 
163,644.44€ 
0.008% 
3 
2 
0.002% 
131,925.76€ 
0.007% 
4 
3 
0.002% 
117,139.52€ 
0.006% 
5 
1 
0.001% 
113,873.34€ 
0.006% 
6 
2 
0.002% 
111,041.41€ 
0.006% 
7 
1 
0.001% 
109,498.76€ 
0.005% 
8 
3 
0.002% 
106,749.30€ 
0.005% 
9 
3 
0.002% 
106,163.61€ 
0.005% 
10 
2 
0.002% 
104,523.69€ 
0.005% 
11 
2 
0.002% 
102,143.83€ 
0.005% 
12 
1 
0.001% 
101,446.42€ 
0.005% 
13 
2 
0.002% 
100,883.20€ 
0.005% 
14 
2 
0.002% 
100,463.16€ 
0.005% 
15 
1 
0.001% 
98,845.42€ 
0.005% 
16 
2 
0.002% 
95,740.16€ 
0.005% 
17 
2 
0.002% 
94,879.86€ 
0.005% 
18 
1 
0.001% 
94,846.76€ 
0.005% 
19 
1 
0.001% 
94,334.88€ 
0.005% 
20 
8 
0.006% 
94,286.43€ 
0.005% 
Total 
44 
0.035% 
€2,275,830.50 
0.114% 
 
* In principal, the number of contracts and the outstanding receivables balance in all stratification tables must be 
equal. The only exemptions are Table 2 and 3- "Distribution by contract concentration" and "Distribution by largest 
customer". For the purpose of customer concentration, the most conservative approach is followed. Contracts are 
aggregated at customer level and in addition at borrower unit level. This leads to double-counting of a certain share 
of contracts. However, by following this approach, the most accurate view is provided when it comes to measuring 
the exposure when large customers default.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
8. 
Distribution by Outstanding Discounted Balance 
 
Total portfolio 
 
Distribution by outstanding 
discounted balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted balance 
Percentage of 
outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
0€ 
- 
0.00% 
€- 
0.00% 
0.01€-5,000.00€ 
18,450 
14.73% 
€45,142,987.74 
2.26% 
5,000.01€-10,000.00€ 
15,563 
12.43% 
€117,024,666.29 
5.85% 
10,000.01€-15,000.00€ 
22,206 
17.73% 
€282,102,015.19 
14.11% 
15,000.01€-20,000.00€ 
30,159 
24.08% 
€527,550,745.38 
26.38% 
20,000.01€-25,000.00€ 
21,504 
17.17% 
€478,353,549.52 
23.92% 
25,000.01€-30,000.00€ 
9,537 
7.62% 
€258,448,671.20 
12.92% 
30,000.01€-35,000.00€ 
4,000 
3.19% 
€128,678,875.50 
6.43% 
35,000.01€-40,000.00€ 
1,848 
1.48% 
€68,816,798.86 
3.44% 
40,000.01€-45,000.00€ 
1,007 
0.80% 
€42,535,060.01 
2.13% 
45,000.01€-50,000.00€ 
455 
0.36% 
€21,450,780.01 
1.07% 
>50,000.00€ 
509 
0.41% 
€29,908,721.01 
1.50% 
Total 
125,238 
100.00% 
€2,000,012,870.71 
100.00% 
 
 
Statistics 
Minimum outstanding discounted balance 
 €              30.32  
Maximum outstanding discounted balance 
 €      163,644.44  
Average outstanding discounted balance 
 €        15,969.70

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
9. 
Distribution by Original Balance 
 
Total portfolio 
 
Distribution by original 
balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted balance 
Percentage of 
balance 
0€ 
- 
0.00% 
€- 
0.00% 
0.01€-5,000.00€ 
17,485 
13.96% 
€40,479,491.49 
2.02% 
5,000.01€-10,000.00€ 
13,626 
10.88% 
€94,119,810.28 
4.71% 
10,000.01€-15,000.00€ 
17,899 
14.29% 
€207,426,522.47 
10.37% 
15,000.01€-20,000.00€ 
24,197 
19.32% 
€382,846,758.26 
19.14% 
20,000.01€-25,000.00€ 
22,795 
18.20% 
€449,658,701.37 
22.48% 
25,000.01€-30,000.00€ 
14,674 
11.72% 
€347,904,483.18 
17.40% 
30,000.01€-35,000.00€ 
7,128 
5.69% 
€198,393,696.76 
9.92% 
35,000.01€-40,000.00€ 
3,355 
2.68% 
€107,807,545.75 
5.39% 
40,000.01€-45,000.00€ 
1,731 
1.38% 
€62,912,539.71 
3.15% 
45,000.01€-50,000.00€ 
1,009 
0.81% 
€40,815,688.49 
2.04% 
>50,000.00€ 
1,339 
1.07% 
€67,647,632.95 
3.38% 
Total 
125,238 
100.00% 
€2,000,012,870.71 
100.00% 
 
 
Statistics 
Minimum original balance 
 €              30.50  
Maximum original balance 
 €      196,780.35  
Average original balance 
 €        18,051.91

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
10. 
Distribution by Effective Interest Rate paid by the Obligor 
 
Total portfolio 
 
Interest rate paid by the 
receivable debtor 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted balance 
Percentage of 
outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
0.000% 
11,476 
9.16% 
€29,634,616.59 
1.48% 
0.001%-0.500% 
137 
0.11% 
€375,464.04 
0.02% 
0.501%-1.000% 
4 
0.00% 
€6,433.88 
0.00% 
1.001%-1.500% 
6 
0.00% 
€8,868.15 
0.00% 
1.501%-2.000% 
780 
0.62% 
€12,160,325.53 
0.61% 
2.001%-2.500% 
393 
0.31% 
€5,549,654.15 
0.28% 
2.501%-3.000% 
1,765 
1.41% 
€13,649,119.23 
0.68% 
3.001%-3.500% 
1,344 
1.07% 
€22,607,471.08 
1.13% 
3.501%-4.000% 
5,832 
4.66% 
€78,943,755.45 
3.95% 
4.001%-4.500% 
5,525 
4.41% 
€103,635,133.32 
5.18% 
4.501%-5.000% 
17,611 
14.06% 
€305,288,261.19 
15.26% 
5.001%-5.500% 
3,148 
2.51% 
€55,464,663.05 
2.77% 
5.501%-6.000% 
17,196 
13.73% 
€323,146,993.59 
16.16% 
6.001%-6.500% 
3,811 
3.04% 
€70,826,146.79 
3.54% 
6.501%-7.000% 
19,867 
15.86% 
€381,530,023.85 
19.08% 
7.001%-7.500% 
4,522 
3.61% 
€79,247,919.51 
3.96% 
7.501%-8.000% 
9,015 
7.20% 
€163,785,128.01 
8.19% 
8.001%-8.500% 
2,011 
1.61% 
€29,945,230.97 
1.50% 
8.501%-9.000% 
6,862 
5.48% 
€128,530,203.86 
6.43% 
9.001%-9.500% 
3,738 
2.98% 
€59,009,587.39 
2.95% 
9.501%-10.000% 
6,915 
5.52% 
€87,778,325.63 
4.39% 
>10.000% 
3,280 
2.62% 
€48,889,545.45 
2.44% 
Total 
125,238 
100.00% 
€2,000,012,870.71 
100.00% 
 
Statistics interest rate 
 Minimum interest rate debtor  
0.00% 
 Maximum interest rate debtor  
11.99% 
 Weighted average interest rate debtor  
6.51%

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
11. 
Distribution by Original Term 
 
Total portfolio 
 
Total number of 
instalments 
(including 
potential 
contract 
extensions) 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding discounted 
balance 
Percentage of 
outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
00-00 
- 
0.00% 
€- 
0.00% 
01-12 
193 
0.15% 
€588,451.97 
0.03% 
13-24 
5,176 
4.13% 
€39,633,960.68 
1.98% 
25-36 
81,621 
65.17% 
€1,477,306,592.63 
73.86% 
37-48 
21,216 
16.94% 
€293,202,854.65 
14.66% 
49-60 
10,762 
8.59% 
€111,857,281.31 
5.59% 
61-72 
6,230 
4.97% 
€77,095,402.41 
3.85% 
>72 
40 
0.03% 
€328,327.06 
0.02% 
Total 
125,238 
100.00% 
2,000,012,870.71€ 
100.00% 
 
Statistics 
 Minimum Total number of instalments  
10 
 Maximum Total number of instalments  
82 
 Weighted average Total number of instalments  
40.03

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
12. 
Distribution by Remaining Term 
 
Total portfolio 
 
Remaining 
number of 
instalments 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding discounted 
balance 
Percentage of 
outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
00-00 
- 
0.00% 
€- 
0.00% 
01-12 
22,823 
18.22% 
€233,149,332.17 
11.66% 
13-24 
36,042 
28.78% 
€534,559,654.12 
26.73% 
25-36 
47,937 
38.28% 
€903,104,172.29 
45.15% 
37-48 
12,572 
10.04% 
€236,445,506.37 
11.82% 
49-60 
4,224 
3.37% 
€65,527,215.36 
3.28% 
61-72 
1,640 
1.31% 
€27,226,990.40 
1.36% 
>72 
- 
0.00% 
€- 
0.00% 
Total 
125,238 
100.00% 
2,000,012,870.71€ 
100.00% 
 
Statistics 
 Minimum Remaining number of instalments  
1 
 Maximum Remaining number of instalments  
70 
 Weighted Average Remaining number of instalments  
27.31

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
13. 
Distribution by Seasoning 
 
Total portfolio 
 
Seasoning 
(number of 
instalments) 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding discounted 
balance 
Percentage of 
outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
00-00 
- 
0.00% 
€- 
0.00% 
01-12 
59,971 
47.89% 
€1,165,236,854.77 
58.26% 
13-24 
40,588 
32.41% 
€589,960,013.66 
29.50% 
25-36 
20,015 
15.98% 
€228,028,518.06 
11.40% 
37-48 
3,493 
2.79% 
€14,028,360.85 
0.70% 
49-60 
880 
0.70% 
€2,238,199.89 
0.11% 
61-72 
291 
0.23% 
€520,923.48 
0.03% 
>72 
- 
0.00% 
€- 
0.00% 
Total 
125,238 
100.00% 
€2,000,012,870.71 
100.00% 
 
Statistics 
 Minimum seasoning number of instalments  
2 
 Maximum seasoning number of instalments  
71 
 Weighted average seasoning number of instalments  
12.72

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
14. 
Distribution by Type of Credit 
 
Total portfolio 
 
Credit type 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding discounted 
balance 
Percentage of 
outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
AutoCredit 
81,683 
65.22% 
€1,672,736,117.22 
83.64% 
ClassicCredit 
43,555 
34.78% 
€327,276,753.49 
16.36% 
Total 
125,238 
100.00% 
€2,000,012,870.71 
100.00%

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
15. 
Balloon in % of Outstanding Discounted Balance – Distribution by Remaining Term 
Length of 
Remaining 
Term (months)  
Number of 
AutoCredit 
contracts 
Percentage of 
AutoCredit 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Principal Balloon 
Balance 
Outstanding 
Discounted Balance 
Remaining 
Balloon in % of 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
1 
867 
1.06% 
     12,807,832.14 €  
     12,807,832.14 €  
100.00% 
2 
897 
1.10% 
     12,529,789.08 €  
     12,778,115.22 €  
98.06% 
3 
735 
0.90% 
     10,347,077.85 €  
     10,750,664.01 €  
96.25% 
4 
1,006 
1.23% 
     13,580,250.20 €  
     14,420,081.51 €  
94.18% 
5 
877 
1.07% 
     11,336,198.00 €  
     12,291,363.54 €  
92.23% 
6 
1,135 
1.39% 
     14,723,845.89 €  
     16,307,830.04 €  
90.29% 
7 
1,089 
1.33% 
     14,617,351.82 €  
     16,474,600.66 €  
88.73% 
8 
921 
1.13% 
     12,171,900.45 €  
     13,962,592.05 €  
87.18% 
9 
1,272 
1.56% 
     16,970,099.14 €  
     19,983,333.40 €  
84.92% 
10 
1,682 
2.06% 
     23,019,294.61 €  
     27,433,682.59 €  
83.91% 
11 
1,606 
1.97% 
     22,179,014.39 €  
     26,879,307.36 €  
82.51% 
12 
2,031 
2.49% 
     26,912,330.57 €  
     33,241,164.79 €  
80.96% 
13 
2,210 
2.71% 
     29,397,876.38 €  
     37,065,895.09 €  
79.31% 
14 
1,928 
2.36% 
     25,858,628.69 €  
     33,118,648.79 €  
78.08% 
15 
1,388 
1.70% 
     18,427,152.34 €  
     24,124,152.75 €  
76.38% 
16 
2,052 
2.51% 
     27,045,913.91 €  
     36,131,763.30 €  
74.85% 
17 
1,929 
2.36% 
     25,744,991.41 €  
     35,151,275.71 €  
73.24% 
18 
1,869 
2.29% 
     25,482,300.99 €  
     35,342,928.74 €  
72.10% 
19 
1,745 
2.14% 
     23,771,565.64 €  
     33,485,832.59 €  
70.99% 
20 
2,042 
2.50% 
     28,026,227.85 €  
     40,085,431.35 €  
69.92% 
21 
2,515 
3.08% 
     34,179,091.10 €  
     49,439,241.16 €  
69.13% 
22 
2,720 
3.33% 
     37,073,188.23 €  
     54,344,575.00 €  
68.22% 
23 
2,275 
2.79% 
     30,885,910.96 €  
     45,951,487.38 €  
67.21% 
24 
2,756 
3.37% 
     38,942,938.55 €  
     58,538,127.53 €  
66.53% 
25 
2,909 
3.56% 
     39,896,782.22 €  
     60,666,231.31 €  
65.76% 
26 
3,153 
3.86% 
     43,224,604.32 €  
     66,022,361.99 €  
65.47% 
27 
2,400 
2.94% 
     32,038,064.45 €  
     50,021,593.17 €  
64.05% 
28 
3,348 
4.10% 
     45,405,955.18 €  
     71,281,584.75 €  
63.70% 
29 
3,824 
4.68% 
     52,858,444.26 €  
     83,294,603.00 €  
63.46% 
30 
3,733 
4.57% 
     51,652,667.79 €  
     81,943,352.23 €  
63.03% 
31 
4,057 
4.97% 
     58,436,053.96 €  
     92,666,537.57 €  
63.06% 
32 
3,932 
4.81% 
     57,220,234.38 €  
     91,463,314.20 €  
62.56% 
33 
4,177 
5.11% 
     59,724,981.55 €  
     97,058,585.59 €  
61.53% 
34 
4,337 
5.31% 
     62,761,308.46 €  
   102,466,958.40 €  
61.25% 
35 
337 
0.41% 
       4,707,587.35 €  
       8,842,547.74 €  
53.24% 
36 
420 
0.51% 
       5,839,629.99 €  
     11,012,593.23 €  
53.03% 
37 
489 
0.60% 
       6,776,072.38 €  
     12,843,063.12 €  
52.76% 
38 
417 
0.51% 
       5,712,272.25 €  
     11,178,441.58 €  
51.10% 
39 
379 
0.46% 
       4,965,989.23 €  
     10,028,043.03 €  
49.52% 
40 
501 
0.61% 
       6,982,574.07 €  
     14,013,381.00 €  
49.83% 
41 
627 
0.77% 
       8,434,041.29 €  
     17,422,155.61 €  
48.41% 
42 
600 
0.73% 
       8,019,283.02 €  
     16,435,214.56 €  
48.79% 
43 
562 
0.69% 
       7,867,299.27 €  
     16,253,271.04 €  
48.40% 
44 
536 
0.66% 
       7,542,112.51 €  
     15,775,869.37 €  
47.81% 
45 
568 
0.70% 
       7,890,257.39 €  
     16,533,919.52 €  
47.72% 
46 
620 
0.76% 
       8,929,390.58 €  
     18,425,414.89 €  
48.46% 
47 
31 
0.04% 
          360,317.23 €  
          881,837.99 €  
40.86% 
48 
34 
0.04% 
          407,241.63 €  
       1,060,877.27 €  
38.39%

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
Length of 
Remaining 
Term (months)  
Number of 
AutoCredit 
contracts 
Percentage of 
AutoCredit 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Principal Balloon 
Balance 
Outstanding 
Discounted Balance 
Remaining 
Balloon in % of 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
49 
39 
0.05% 
          567,060.43 €  
       1,462,873.25 €  
38.76% 
50 
28 
0.03% 
          394,456.01 €  
          956,548.22 €  
41.24% 
51 
33 
0.04% 
          451,985.75 €  
       1,114,195.35 €  
40.57% 
52 
35 
0.04% 
          491,109.76 €  
       1,266,645.10 €  
38.77% 
53 
0 
0.00% 
                       -   €  
                       -   €  
- 
54 
2 
0.00% 
           14,984.05 €  
           54,672.65 €  
27.41% 
55 
0 
0.00% 
                       -   €  
                       -   €  
- 
56 
1 
0.00% 
             8,294.94 €  
           18,655.88 €  
44.46% 
57 
3 
0.00% 
           18,667.24 €  
           86,380.44 €  
21.61% 
58 
4 
0.00% 
           16,528.53 €  
           74,467.47 €  
22.20% 
Total  
81,683 
100.00% 
    1,125,647,021.66 €  
    1,672,736,117.22 €  
67.29%

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
16. 
Distribution by Type of Car  
 
Total portfolio 
 
Type of car 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted balance 
Percentage of 
outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
New vehicle 
83,295 
66.51% 
€1,442,394,128.30 
72.12% 
Used vehicle 
39,216 
31.31% 
€509,082,042.83 
25.45% 
Young used vehicle 
2,727 
2.18% 
€48,536,699.58 
2.43% 
Total 
125,238 
100.00% 
€2,000,012,870.71 
100.00%

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
17. 
Distribution by Brand and Model 
 
Total portfolio 
 
Distribution by 
brand & model 
Model 
Number 
of 
contracts 
Percentage 
of contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
Percentage 
of 
outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
Audi 
A3 
6,416 
0.051230457 
€124,159,969.37 
6.21% 
 
Q3 
5,443 
4.35% 
€131,616,650.66 
6.58% 
 
Q2 
4,292 
3.43% 
€74,226,216.74 
3.71% 
 
A1 
6,048 
4.83% 
€88,865,410.12 
4.44% 
 
A4 
1,729 
1.38% 
€32,838,267.72 
1.64% 
 
Q5 
1,835 
1.47% 
€52,798,717.96 
2.64% 
 
A6 
764 
0.61% 
€19,363,671.23 
0.97% 
 
A5 
439 
0.35% 
€10,335,324.15 
0.52% 
 
TT 
146 
0.12% 
€3,358,299.44 
0.17% 
 
Q7 
105 
0.08% 
€2,927,127.91 
0.15% 
 
A7 
42 
0.03% 
€947,076.39 
0.05% 
 
Q8 
243 
0.19% 
€10,565,332.69 
0.53% 
 
A8 
25 
0.02% 
€762,266.56 
0.04% 
 
R8 
3 
0.00% 
€149,730.99 
0.01% 
 
E-TRON 
68 
0.05% 
€2,510,736.96 
0.13% 
 
Q4E-TRON 
297 
0.24% 
€9,965,333.75 
0.50% 
Sub-Total Audi 
 
27,895 
22.27% 
€565,390,132.64 
28.27% 
Seat 
ARONA 
777 
0.62% 
€5,594,893.95 
0.28% 
 
IBIZA 
430 
0.34% 
€2,585,421.07 
0.13% 
 
LEON 
424 
0.34% 
€3,635,330.78 
0.18% 
 
ATECA 
306 
0.24% 
€2,680,835.86 
0.13% 
 
MII 
52 
0.04% 
€186,795.05 
0.01% 
 
TARRACO 
114 
0.09% 
€1,324,186.06 
0.07% 
 
ALHAMBRA 
16 
0.01% 
€116,771.73 
0.01% 
 
ALTEA 
1 
0.00% 
€3,244.92 
0.00% 
 
EXEO 
0 
0.00% 
€- 
0.00% 
 
BORN 
6 
0.00% 
€54,981.37 
0.00% 
 
Formentor 
294 
0.23% 
€3,377,915.59 
0.17% 
Sub-Total Seat 
 
2,420 
1.93% 
€19,560,376.38 
0.98% 
Skoda 
KAROQ 
1,696 
1.35% 
€27,666,596.01 
1.38% 
 
FABIA 
3,352 
2.68% 
€38,943,490.42 
1.95% 
 
OCTAVIA 
1,032 
0.82% 
€15,433,719.65 
0.77% 
 
KODIAQ 
813 
0.65% 
€17,215,026.73 
0.86% 
 
SCALA 
361 
0.29% 
€4,605,850.52 
0.23% 
 
SUPERB 
92 
0.07% 
€1,304,122.74 
0.07% 
 
CITIGO 
21 
0.02% 
€96,776.23 
0.00%

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
Total portfolio 
 
Distribution by 
brand & model 
Model 
Number 
of 
contracts 
Percentage 
of contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
Percentage 
of 
outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
 
RAPID 
5 
0.00% 
€14,034.80 
0.00% 
 
YETI 
9 
0.01% 
€26,568.44 
0.00% 
 
ROOMSTER 
2 
0.00% 
€392.78 
0.00% 
 
Kamiq 
4,166 
3.33% 
€63,582,904.63 
3.18% 
 
ENYAQIV 
168 
0.13% 
€4,380,302.03 
0.22% 
Sub-Total Skoda 
 
11,717 
9.36% 
€173,269,784.98 
8.66% 
VW 
T-ROC 
21,110 
16.86% 
€370,871,940.19 
18.54% 
 
POLO 
15,976 
12.76% 
€193,746,429.26 
9.69% 
 
GOLF 
8,162 
6.52% 
€119,186,999.79 
5.96% 
 
TIGUAN 
7,073 
5.65% 
€132,779,453.90 
6.64% 
 
T-CROSS 
15,465 
12.35% 
€215,015,737.16 
10.75% 
 
UP! 
5,102 
4.07% 
€37,841,959.64 
1.89% 
 
PASSAT 
460 
0.37% 
€4,984,130.77 
0.25% 
 
TOURAN 
307 
0.25% 
€4,346,318.32 
0.22% 
 
TOUAREG 
137 
0.11% 
€4,623,992.18 
0.23% 
 
BEETLE 
16 
0.01% 
€86,750.82 
0.00% 
 
GOLFSPORTSVAN 
27 
0.02% 
€106,359.21 
0.01% 
 
SHARAN 
14 
0.01% 
€133,950.81 
0.01% 
 
ARTEON 
20 
0.02% 
€283,481.10 
0.01% 
 
SCIROCCO 
1 
0.00% 
€16,021.61 
0.00% 
 
ID.3 
872 
0.70% 
€20,447,626.92 
1.02% 
 
ID.4 
230 
0.18% 
€6,601,115.96 
0.33% 
 
ID.5 
52 
0.04% 
€1,840,612.39 
0.09% 
 
ID.7 
3 
0.00% 
€118,681.93 
0.01% 
 
EOS 
1 
0.00% 
€697.75 
0.00% 
 
TAIGO 
4,888 
3.90% 
€85,760,340.07 
4.29% 
 
JETTA 
0 
0.00% 
€- 
0.00% 
Sub-Total VW 
 
79,916 
63.81% 
€1,198,792,599.78 
59.94% 
VWLCV 
CADDY 
903 
0.72% 
€12,110,248.27 
0.61% 
 
CALIFORNIA 
166 
0.13% 
€5,163,729.87 
0.26% 
 
CARAVELLE 
153 
0.12% 
€2,751,506.74 
0.14% 
 
MULTIVAN 
148 
0.12% 
€4,342,524.23 
0.22% 
 
AMAROK 
27 
0.02% 
€346,559.18 
0.02% 
 
TRANSPORTER 
227 
0.18% 
€3,130,960.29 
0.16% 
 
CRAFTER 
208 
0.17% 
€2,661,436.48 
0.13% 
 
ID.BUZZ 
49 
0.04% 
€2,173,138.43 
0.11% 
Sub-Total VW LCV 
 
1,881 
1.50% 
€32,680,103.49 
1.63%

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
Total portfolio 
 
Distribution by 
brand & model 
Model 
Number 
of 
contracts 
Percentage 
of contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
Percentage 
of 
outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
Other brands 
 
1,409 
1.13% 
€10,319,873.44 
0.52% 
Total 
 
125,238 
100.00% 
€2,000,012,870.71 
100.00%

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
18. 
Distribution by Geographic Region  
 
Total portfolio 
 
Distribution by geographic 
region 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted balance 
Percentage of 
outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
Piemonte 
8,256 
6.59% 
€133,673,070.48 
6.68% 
Valle d’Aosta 
164 
0.13% 
€2,408,905.20 
0.12% 
Lombardia 
28,134 
22.46% 
€455,014,062.99 
22.75% 
Trentino-Alto Adige 
2,941 
2.35% 
€51,672,990.27 
2.58% 
Veneto 
12,733 
10.17% 
€206,429,356.83 
10.32% 
Friuli-Venezia Giulia 
2,839 
2.27% 
€43,640,309.22 
2.18% 
Liguria 
4,117 
3.29% 
€68,757,984.68 
3.44% 
Emilia-Romagna 
10,661 
8.51% 
€166,989,286.52 
8.35% 
Toscana 
13,898 
11.10% 
€214,515,613.58 
10.73% 
Umbria 
2,493 
1.99% 
€38,508,123.90 
1.93% 
Marche 
3,045 
2.43% 
€43,912,909.76 
2.20% 
Lazio 
12,939 
10.33% 
€215,292,830.84 
10.76% 
Abruzzo 
2,291 
1.83% 
€38,536,711.05 
1.93% 
Molise 
193 
0.15% 
€3,380,755.91 
0.17% 
Campania 
3,665 
2.93% 
€60,238,179.00 
3.01% 
Puglia 
3,952 
3.16% 
€59,558,214.35 
2.98% 
Basilicata 
673 
0.54% 
€9,260,180.99 
0.46% 
Calabria 
3,117 
2.49% 
€48,689,230.54 
2.43% 
Sicilia 
6,619 
5.29% 
€102,838,838.23 
5.14% 
Sardegna 
2,508 
2.00% 
€36,695,316.37 
1.83% 
Foreign countries(*) 
0 
0.00% 
€- 
0.00% 
Total 
125,238 
100.00% 
€2,000,012,870.71 
100.00%

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
19. 
Retention 
With respect to the commitment of VW Bank to retain a material net economic interest in the securitisation as 
contemplated by article 6, paragraph 3, letter (d) of the Securitisation Regulation, VW Bank, as originator under 
the Securitisation Regulation, will retain, for the life of the Securitisation, such net economic interest through 
retention of the Subordinated Loan for an amount equivalent to no less than 5 per cent. of the nominal value of the 
securitised exposures.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
Historical Performance Data  
VW Bank has extracted data on the historical performance of the entire German auto loan portfolio. The tables 
below show historical data on net losses for the period from January 2014 to December 2023. Such data was 
extracted from VW's internal data warehouse which is sourced from its contract management and accounting 
systems. 
Total Portfolio 
The net losses data displayed below are in static format and show the cumulative net losses realised after the 
specified number of months since origination, for each portfolio of loans originated in a particular month, 
expressed as a percentage of the original principal balance of that portfolio. Net losses are calculated by deducting 
the vehicle sales proceeds as well as any other recoveries from the outstanding balances of the respective loans up 
to the final write-off of the loan (net losses are shown in the month where the write-off of the loan contract has 
been carried out by the Seller). The data includes standard and balloon loans to corporate and private debtors to 
finance new and used vehicles. 
The terms used in the following tables have the following meanings: 
New Cars: means cars which are first time sold to customers. 
Used Cars: means cars which are previously owned by other customers. 
Vintage Loss Curve (VLC): means the Cumulative Gross Loss Ratio in relation to the contact age expressed as a 
curve for the whole portfolio.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
Total 
 
Sum Contract Value 
75,303,489.98 
80,242,950.34 
82,111,277.98 
78,155,870.35 
82,481,962.05 
78,884,775.71 90,154,552.12 
46,768,605.40 
77,834,152.30 
91,078,855.69 
80,413,220.12 
94,361,510.63 
75,103,319.64 
85,603,553.43 101,620,436.28 
92,730,290.75 
87,010,547.89 
92,836,800.28 
93,221,086.10
Number of contract 
5,784 
6,251 
6,461 
6,020 
6,246 
5,874 
6,911 
3,609 
5,948 
6,920 
5,885 
6,861 
5,654 
6,390 
7,556 
7,104 
6,582 
7,099 
7,128
Age 
01-2014 
02-2014 
03-2014 
04-2014 
05-2014 
06-2014 
07-2014 
08-2014 
09-2014 
10-2014 
11-2014 
12-2014 
01-2015 
02-2015 
03-2015 
04-2015 
05-2015 
06-2015 
07-2015 
1 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000
2 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000
3 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000
4 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0175% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0538% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000
5 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0175% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0538% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000
6 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0175% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0768% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000
7 
0.0000% 
0.0523% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0175% 
0.0000% 
0.0148% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0245% 
0.0514% 
0.0768% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0534% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0113% 
0.0000
8 
0.0000% 
0.0523% 
0.0000% 
0.0188% 
0.0175% 
0.0000% 
0.0148% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0812% 
0.0514% 
0.0768% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0534% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0113% 
0.0000
9 
0.0000% 
0.0523% 
0.0311% 
0.0480% 
0.0351% 
0.0000% 
0.0148% 
0.0000% 
0.0346% 
0.0812% 
0.0514% 
0.0768% 
0.0631% 
0.0000% 
0.0534% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0113% 
0.0319
10 
0.0306% 
0.0523% 
0.0311% 
0.0480% 
0.0996% 
0.0000% 
0.0148% 
0.0000% 
0.0346% 
0.0812% 
0.0514% 
0.2626% 
0.1002% 
0.0000% 
0.0534% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3407% 
0.0319
11 
0.0306% 
0.0523% 
0.0311% 
0.0571% 
0.0996% 
0.0000% 
0.1147% 
0.0194% 
0.0346% 
0.0812% 
0.3751% 
0.2787% 
0.1002% 
0.0000% 
0.0534% 
0.0000% 
0.4368% 
0.3407% 
0.0319
12 
0.0306% 
0.0523% 
0.0802% 
0.0827% 
0.0996% 
0.1442% 
0.1147% 
0.0194% 
0.0466% 
0.4337% 
0.4412% 
0.2787% 
0.1002% 
0.0184% 
0.0534% 
0.2078% 
0.4368% 
0.3407% 
0.0319
13 
0.0578% 
0.2417% 
0.0802% 
0.0945% 
0.3066% 
0.1442% 
0.1147% 
0.0194% 
0.4383% 
0.4337% 
0.4412% 
0.2787% 
0.1002% 
0.0184% 
0.2739% 
0.2078% 
0.4368% 
0.3407% 
0.0319
14 
0.1506% 
0.2417% 
0.0802% 
0.1998% 
0.3066% 
0.1442% 
0.1147% 
0.4571% 
0.4383% 
0.4337% 
0.4412% 
0.2787% 
0.1002% 
0.4673% 
0.2817% 
0.2078% 
0.4368% 
0.3407% 
0.0319
15 
0.1506% 
0.2417% 
0.1064% 
0.1998% 
0.3066% 
0.1442% 
0.3248% 
0.4571% 
0.4383% 
0.4337% 
0.4412% 
0.2787% 
0.2871% 
0.4673% 
0.2817% 
0.2078% 
0.4368% 
0.3407% 
0.3470
16 
0.1506% 
0.3067% 
0.1064% 
0.1998% 
0.3066% 
0.3518% 
0.3404% 
0.4571% 
0.4383% 
0.4337% 
0.4412% 
0.4330% 
0.3047% 
0.4673% 
0.2817% 
0.2078% 
0.4368% 
0.4567% 
0.3787
17 
0.1977% 
0.3067% 
0.1064% 
0.2164% 
0.4591% 
0.3518% 
0.3404% 
0.4571% 
0.4386% 
0.4337% 
0.6407% 
0.4330% 
0.3047% 
0.4673% 
0.2817% 
0.2078% 
0.7413% 
0.4567% 
0.4035
18 
0.1977% 
0.3067% 
0.1164% 
0.3672% 
0.4591% 
0.3518% 
0.3404% 
0.4571% 
0.4445% 
0.6739% 
0.6877% 
0.4330% 
0.3505% 
0.4673% 
0.2817% 
0.2658% 
0.7413% 
0.4567% 
0.4035
19 
0.1977% 
0.3067% 
0.1987% 
0.3672% 
0.4591% 
0.3518% 
0.3741% 
0.4571% 
0.5567% 
0.6739% 
0.6877% 
0.4330% 
0.3505% 
0.4673% 
0.3355% 
0.2658% 
0.7413% 
0.4567% 
0.4035
20 
0.1977% 
0.4776% 
0.1987% 
0.3672% 
0.4591% 
0.3518% 
0.3741% 
0.7436% 
0.5567% 
0.6739% 
0.6877% 
0.4330% 
0.3634% 
0.5664% 
0.3355% 
0.2658% 
0.7598% 
0.4567% 
0.4035
21 
0.1977% 
0.4776% 
0.1987% 
0.3672% 
0.4702% 
0.3518% 
0.4817% 
0.7436% 
0.5567% 
0.6739% 
0.6877% 
0.4330% 
0.4185% 
0.5664% 
0.3355% 
0.2658% 
0.7598% 
0.4567% 
0.5651
22 
0.1977% 
0.4776% 
0.1988% 
0.3672% 
0.4702% 
0.5463% 
0.4817% 
0.7436% 
0.5567% 
0.6739% 
0.6877% 
0.5815% 
0.4185% 
0.5664% 
0.3355% 
0.2671% 
0.7598% 
0.5738% 
0.5651
23 
0.1977% 
0.4776% 
0.1988% 
0.3672% 
0.5289% 
0.5463% 
0.4817% 
0.7436% 
0.5567% 
0.6826% 
0.8109% 
0.5815% 
0.4185% 
0.5664% 
0.3355% 
0.2671% 
0.9143% 
0.5738% 
0.5651
24 
0.1977% 
0.4776% 
0.1988% 
0.3672% 
0.5289% 
0.5463% 
0.4817% 
0.7436% 
0.5567% 
0.8107% 
0.8109% 
0.5815% 
0.4226% 
0.5664% 
0.3355% 
0.3161% 
0.9143% 
0.5738% 
0.5651
25 
0.1977% 
0.4776% 
0.2475% 
0.3672% 
0.5289% 
0.5463% 
0.4817% 
0.7436% 
0.7328% 
0.8107% 
0.8109% 
0.5815% 
0.4226% 
0.5664% 
0.3812% 
0.3161% 
0.9143% 
0.5738% 
0.5651
26 
0.2101% 
0.4841% 
0.2475% 
0.3672% 
0.5289% 
0.5491% 
0.4817% 
0.8563% 
0.7328% 
0.8107% 
0.8109% 
0.5815% 
0.4304% 
0.6042% 
0.3838% 
0.3161% 
0.9143% 
0.5738% 
0.5651
27 
0.2490% 
0.4841% 
0.2475% 
0.3672% 
0.5289% 
0.5491% 
0.6980% 
0.8563% 
0.7328% 
0.8187% 
0.8109% 
0.5815% 
0.5211% 
0.6042% 
0.3838% 
0.3161% 
0.9190% 
0.5738% 
0.6157
28 
0.2490% 
0.4841% 
0.2475% 
0.3672% 
0.5289% 
0.6462% 
0.7141% 
0.8563% 
0.7328% 
0.8187% 
0.8147% 
0.5988% 
0.5211% 
0.6042% 
0.3838% 
0.3161% 
0.9190% 
0.6440% 
0.6157
29 
0.2490% 
0.4841% 
0.2475% 
0.3672% 
0.6534% 
0.6490% 
0.7141% 
0.8563% 
0.7342% 
0.8187% 
0.9628% 
0.5988% 
0.5216% 
0.6042% 
0.3838% 
0.3311% 
0.9986% 
0.6440% 
0.6157
30 
0.2490% 
0.4841% 
0.2475% 
0.4265% 
0.6638% 
0.6490% 
0.7141% 
0.8563% 
0.7342% 
0.8848% 
0.9628% 
0.5988% 
0.5216% 
0.6042% 
0.3838% 
0.3607% 
0.9986% 
0.6440% 
0.6157
31 
0.2490% 
0.4841% 
0.2867% 
0.4265% 
0.6638% 
0.6490% 
0.7141% 
0.8563% 
0.7691% 
0.8848% 
0.9628% 
0.5988% 
0.5216% 
0.6042% 
0.3972% 
0.3607% 
0.9986% 
0.6440% 
0.6197
32 
0.2490% 
0.5363% 
0.2867% 
0.4265% 
0.6674% 
0.6564% 
0.7141% 
0.9225% 
0.7691% 
0.8848% 
0.9665% 
0.5988% 
0.5216% 
0.6536% 
0.4012% 
0.3607% 
0.9986% 
0.6440% 
0.6217
33 
0.2892% 
0.5417% 
0.2867% 
0.4265% 
0.6674% 
0.6564% 
0.7627% 
0.9225% 
0.7691% 
0.8848% 
0.9665% 
0.6081% 
0.5429% 
0.6536% 
0.4012% 
0.3705% 
0.9986% 
0.6440% 
0.6865
34 
0.2892% 
0.5673% 
0.2867% 
0.4265% 
0.6674% 
0.7429% 
0.7627% 
0.9225% 
0.7691% 
0.9090% 
0.9665% 
0.7166% 
0.5429% 
0.6536% 
0.4104% 
0.3705% 
0.9986% 
0.7059% 
0.6865
35 
0.2928% 
0.5673% 
0.2867% 
0.4265% 
0.6674% 
0.7429% 
0.7627% 
0.9225% 
0.7691% 
0.9090% 
1.0216% 
0.7166% 
0.5429% 
0.6536% 
0.4104% 
0.3767% 
1.0739% 
0.7059% 
0.6865
36 
0.2928% 
0.5673% 
0.2867% 
0.4457% 
0.6674% 
0.7429% 
0.7627% 
0.9225% 
0.7729% 
0.9622% 
1.0216% 
0.7166% 
0.5484% 
0.6536% 
0.4104% 
0.4270% 
1.0739% 
0.7059% 
0.6865
37 
0.2928% 
0.5678% 
0.2991% 
0.4457% 
0.6674% 
0.7429% 
0.7627% 
0.9225% 
0.8341% 
0.9622% 
1.0216% 
0.7166% 
0.5484% 
0.6690% 
0.4680% 
0.4394% 
1.0739% 
0.7059% 
0.6865
38 
0.2928% 
0.5997% 
0.2991% 
0.4457% 
0.6674% 
0.7429% 
0.7627% 
1.0038% 
0.8341% 
0.9622% 
1.0216% 
0.7166% 
0.5484% 
0.7670% 
0.4785% 
0.4394% 
1.0739% 
0.7059% 
0.6865
39 
0.3735% 
0.5997% 
0.3011% 
0.4457% 
0.6674% 
0.7429% 
0.8573% 
1.0038% 
0.8341% 
0.9622% 
1.0216% 
0.7392% 
0.5714% 
0.7670% 
0.4785% 
0.4394% 
1.0739% 
0.7059% 
0.7631
40 
0.3735% 
0.5997% 
0.3011% 
0.4457% 
0.6678% 
0.7617% 
0.8579% 
1.0038% 
0.8341% 
0.9622% 
1.0303% 
0.7786% 
0.5714% 
0.7670% 
0.4785% 
0.4398% 
1.1051% 
0.7586% 
0.7631
41 
0.3875% 
0.5997% 
0.3039% 
0.4706% 
0.7234% 
0.7774% 
0.8710% 
1.0038% 
0.8366% 
0.9622% 
1.0729% 
0.7786% 
0.5714% 
0.7670% 
0.4887% 
0.4398% 
1.1268% 
0.7586% 
0.7631
42 
0.3875% 
0.5997% 
0.3039% 
0.5002% 
0.7333% 
0.7774% 
0.8710% 
1.0038% 
0.8366% 
1.0339% 
1.0735% 
0.7786% 
0.5724% 
0.7713% 
0.4887% 
0.4774% 
1.1268% 
0.7586% 
0.7673
43 
0.3875% 
0.5997% 
0.3204% 
0.5193% 
0.7333% 
0.7774% 
0.8710% 
1.0038% 
0.8855% 
1.0339% 
1.0755% 
0.7786% 
0.5724% 
0.7860% 
0.5576% 
0.4774% 
1.1268% 
0.7586% 
0.7769
44 
0.3948% 
0.6174% 
0.3204% 
0.5193% 
0.7333% 
0.7774% 
0.8710% 
1.0193% 
0.8969% 
1.0339% 
1.0755% 
0.7803% 
0.5724% 
0.8071% 
0.5576% 
0.4774% 
1.1294% 
0.7586% 
0.7769
45 
0.4310% 
0.6174% 
0.3204% 
0.5193% 
0.7333% 
0.7774% 
0.8791% 
1.0193% 
0.8969% 
1.0339% 
1.0755% 
0.7803% 
0.6147% 
0.8087% 
0.5669% 
0.4774% 
1.1294% 
0.7602% 
0.8178
46 
0.4310% 
0.6174% 
0.3231% 
0.5193% 
0.7333% 
0.8452% 
0.8791% 
1.0193% 
0.8969% 
1.0339% 
1.0755% 
0.7911% 
0.6209% 
0.8087% 
0.5691% 
0.4783% 
1.1294% 
0.7890% 
0.8186
47 
0.4310% 
0.6174% 
0.3231% 
0.5193% 
0.7717% 
0.8452% 
0.8822% 
1.0193% 
0.8969% 
1.0339% 
1.1017% 
0.7911% 
0.6209% 
0.8087% 
0.5705% 
0.4797% 
1.1451% 
0.7890% 
0.8186
48 
0.4328% 
0.6174% 
0.3270% 
0.5609% 
0.7717% 
0.8452% 
0.8822% 
1.0193% 
0.8969% 
1.1063% 
1.1017% 
0.7911% 
0.6209% 
0.8098% 
0.5705% 
0.4877% 
1.1515% 
0.7890% 
0.8186
49 
0.4328% 
0.6174% 
0.3378% 
0.5609% 
0.7717% 
0.8456% 
0.8824% 
1.0193% 
0.9341% 
1.1063% 
1.1017% 
0.8330% 
0.6209% 
0.8168% 
0.6242% 
0.4877% 
1.1515% 
0.7890% 
0.8204
50 
0.4328% 
0.6320% 
0.3378% 
0.5609% 
0.7726% 
0.8605% 
0.8841% 
1.0350% 
0.9341% 
1.1063% 
1.1017% 
0.8330% 
0.6209% 
0.8259% 
0.6300% 
0.4877% 
1.1515% 
0.7890% 
0.8204
51 
0.4560% 
0.6320% 
0.3378% 
0.5642% 
0.7787% 
0.8605% 
0.9074% 
1.0589% 
0.9341% 
1.1063% 
1.1017% 
0.8330% 
0.6298% 
0.8259% 
0.6300% 
0.4877% 
1.1565% 
0.7890% 
0.8324
52 
0.4560% 
0.6320% 
0.3378% 
0.5642% 
0.7787% 
0.8722% 
0.9139% 
1.0589% 
0.9341% 
1.1063% 
1.1017% 
0.8585% 
0.6298% 
0.8273% 
0.6300% 
0.4881% 
1.1565% 
0.8270% 
0.8393
53 
0.4560% 
0.6320% 
0.3378% 
0.5642% 
0.7999% 
0.8722% 
0.9139% 
1.0589% 
0.9414% 
1.1063% 
1.1406% 
0.8585% 
0.6298% 
0.8273% 
0.6300% 
0.4892% 
1.1565% 
0.8274% 
0.8438
54 
0.4560% 
0.6320% 
0.3378% 
0.6227% 
0.7999% 
0.8722% 
0.9139% 
1.0589% 
0.9432% 
1.1384% 
1.1406% 
0.8585% 
0.6298% 
0.8273% 
0.6300% 
0.4944% 
1.1565% 
0.8274% 
0.8448
55 
0.4560% 
0.6320% 
0.3395% 
0.6227% 
0.7999% 
0.8722% 
0.9353% 
1.0589% 
0.9765% 
1.1384% 
1.1533% 
0.8585% 
0.6298% 
0.8273% 
0.6395% 
0.4987% 
1.1565% 
0.8274% 
0.8448
56 
0.4560% 
0.6370% 
0.3426% 
0.6227% 
0.8126% 
0.8722% 
0.9373% 
1.0948% 
0.9765% 
1.1384% 
1.1533% 
0.8585% 
0.6440% 
0.8388% 
0.6403% 
0.4987% 
1.1565% 
0.8274% 
0.8650
57 
0.4603% 
0.6370% 
0.3426% 
0.6263% 
0.8126% 
0.8778% 
0.9528% 
1.0948% 
0.9778% 
1.1384% 
1.1533% 
0.8585% 
0.6575% 
0.8388% 
0.6403% 
0.4987% 
1.1572% 
0.8549% 
0.8888
58 
0.4603% 
0.6370% 
0.3426% 
0.6263% 
0.8310% 
0.8866% 
0.9528% 
1.0973% 
0.9778% 
1.1384% 
1.1537% 
0.8667% 
0.6579% 
0.8388% 
0.6403% 
0.4987% 
1.1798% 
0.8549% 
0.8923
59 
0.4603% 
0.6370% 
0.3426% 
0.6263% 
0.8459% 
0.8866% 
0.9528% 
1.0973% 
0.9792% 
1.1384% 
1.1546% 
0.8667% 
0.6579% 
0.8388% 
0.6403% 
0.5001% 
1.1798% 
0.8549% 
0.8929
60 
0.4603% 
0.6370% 
0.3588% 
0.6680% 
0.8459% 
0.8866% 
0.9528% 
1.0973% 
0.9792% 
1.1409% 
1.1546% 
0.8667% 
0.6579% 
0.8415% 
0.6455% 
0.5051% 
1.1798% 
0.8555% 
0.8929
61 
0.4603% 
0.6370% 
0.3612% 
0.6680% 
0.8459% 
0.8866% 
0.9528% 
1.0973% 
0.9996% 
1.1409% 
1.1546% 
0.8667% 
0.6579% 
0.8607% 
0.6455% 
0.5051% 
1.1884% 
0.8555% 
0.8929
62 
0.4623% 
0.6370% 
0.3640% 
0.6680% 
0.8467% 
0.8866% 
0.9528% 
1.1159% 
0.9996% 
1.1409% 
1.1546% 
0.8667% 
0.6883% 
0.8607% 
0.6455% 
0.5149% 
1.1884% 
0.8555% 
0.8929
63 
0.4660% 
0.6370% 
0.3640% 
0.6680% 
0.8467% 
0.8866% 
0.9634% 
1.1159% 
0.9996% 
1.1409% 
1.1546% 
0.8723% 
0.6883% 
0.8607% 
0.6463% 
0.5174% 
1.1884% 
0.8555% 
0.8929
64 
0.4660% 
0.6386% 
0.3640% 
0.6680% 
0.8467% 
0.9035% 
0.9634% 
1.1159% 
0.9996% 
1.1409% 
1.1812% 
0.8723% 
0.6883% 
0.8677% 
0.6602% 
0.5174% 
1.1925% 
0.8587% 
0.8929
65 
0.4718% 
0.6386% 
0.3643% 
0.6680% 
0.8495% 
0.9035% 
0.9634% 
1.1159% 
0.9996% 
1.1409% 
1.1812% 
0.8732% 
0.6883% 
0.8677% 
0.6602% 
0.5174% 
1.1938% 
0.8631% 
0.8929
66 
0.4718% 
0.6386% 
0.3643% 
0.6680% 
0.8495% 
0.9035% 
0.9644% 
1.1179% 
1.0581% 
1.1422% 
1.1812% 
0.8795% 
0.6883% 
0.8741% 
0.6603% 
0.5258% 
1.1938% 
0.8643% 
0.8929
67 
0.4718% 
0.6386% 
0.3673% 
0.6680% 
0.8495% 
0.9046% 
0.9644% 
1.1179% 
1.0581% 
1.1422% 
1.1812% 
0.8795% 
0.6883% 
0.8785% 
0.6667% 
0.5258% 
1.1948% 
0.8668% 
0.8929
68 
0.4718% 
0.6393% 
0.3673% 
0.6680% 
0.8495% 
0.9046% 
0.9722% 
1.1179% 
1.0581% 
1.1473% 
1.1856% 
0.8795% 
0.6883% 
0.8852% 
0.6675% 
0.5258% 
1.1948% 
0.8679% 
0.9211
69 
0.4754% 
0.6393% 
0.3673% 
0.6680% 
0.8495% 
0.9147% 
0.9722% 
1.1179% 
1.0581% 
1.1473% 
1.1856% 
0.8795% 
0.6889% 
0.8852% 
0.6682% 
0.5258% 
1.1948% 
0.8788% 
0.9211
70 
0.4754% 
0.6393% 
0.3673% 
0.6680% 
0.8696% 
0.9147% 
0.9722% 
1.1195% 
1.0581% 
1.1473% 
1.1856% 
0.8795% 
0.6891% 
0.8852% 
0.6712% 
0.5258% 
1.2010% 
0.8788% 
0.9211
71 
0.4754% 
0.6393% 
0.3673% 
0.6914% 
0.8736% 
0.9147% 
0.9726% 
1.1195% 
1.0588% 
1.1486% 
1.1875% 
0.8799% 
0.6891% 
0.8852% 
0.6712% 
0.5367% 
1.2010% 
0.8851% 
0.9211
72 
0.4754% 
0.6393% 
0.3787% 
0.6914% 
0.8736% 
0.9147% 
0.9726% 
1.1195% 
1.0591% 
1.1492% 
1.1933% 
0.8799% 
0.6891% 
0.8853% 
0.7112% 
0.5395% 
1.2183% 
0.8932% 
0.9211
73 
0.4754% 
0.6444% 
0.3787% 
0.6914% 
0.8736% 
0.9147% 
0.9726% 
1.1195% 
1.0596% 
1.1492% 
1.1933% 
0.8804% 
0.6891% 
0.9039% 
0.7112% 
0.5395% 
1.2183% 
0.8932% 
0.9211
74 
0.4894% 
0.6444% 
0.3787% 
0.6914% 
0.8736% 
0.9147% 
0.9744% 
1.1195% 
1.0596% 
1.1492% 
1.1933% 
0.8804% 
0.6919% 
0.9039% 
0.7117% 
0.5512% 
1.2183% 
0.8932% 
0.9211
75 
0.4894% 
0.6444% 
0.3787% 
0.6914% 
0.8736% 
0.9147% 
0.9755% 
1.1195% 
1.0599% 
1.1492% 
1.1933% 
0.8912% 
0.7012% 
0.9039% 
0.7117% 
0.5512% 
1.2183% 
0.8932% 
0.9211
76 
0.4894% 
0.6454% 
0.3787% 
0.6914% 
0.8736% 
0.9147% 
0.9755% 
1.1195% 
1.0599% 
1.1500% 
1.2048% 
0.8912% 
0.7012% 
0.9061% 
0.7117% 
0.5512% 
1.2183% 
0.8932% 
0.9211
77 
0.4894% 
0.6454% 
0.3787% 
0.6914% 
0.8754% 
0.9151% 
0.9755% 
1.1195% 
1.0603% 
1.1500% 
1.2048% 
0.8912% 
0.7012% 
0.9061% 
0.7117% 
0.5512% 
1.2194% 
0.8932% 
0.9211
78 
0.4894% 
0.6454% 
0.3787% 
0.6914% 
0.8754% 
0.9151% 
0.9805% 
1.1195% 
1.0603% 
1.1574% 
1.2052% 
0.8954% 
0.7012% 
0.9061% 
0.7117% 
0.5602% 
1.2194% 
0.8932% 
0.9219
79 
0.4894% 
0.6454% 
0.3787% 
0.6914% 
0.8754% 
0.9151% 
0.9805% 
1.1458% 
1.0603% 
1.1583% 
1.2052% 
0.8954% 
0.7012% 
0.9061% 
0.7163% 
0.5602% 
1.2194% 
0.8932% 
0.9219
80 
0.4894% 
0.6454% 
0.3787% 
0.6914% 
0.8754% 
0.9151% 
0.9992% 
1.1465% 
1.0603% 
1.1583% 
1.2073% 
0.8954% 
0.7012% 
0.9129% 
0.7163% 
0.5602% 
1.2194% 
0.8932% 
0.9284
81 
0.4894% 
0.6454% 
0.3787% 
0.6914% 
0.8754% 
0.9151% 
0.9992% 
1.1530% 
1.0603% 
1.1583% 
1.2073% 
0.8954% 
0.7107% 
0.9129% 
0.7163% 
0.5602% 
1.2194% 
0.8971% 
0.9284
82 
0.4894% 
0.6454% 
0.3787% 
0.6914% 
0.8941% 
0.9151% 
0.9992% 
1.1530% 
1.0603% 
1.1583% 
1.2073% 
0.8976% 
0.7107% 
0.9129% 
0.7163% 
0.5667% 
1.2239% 
0.8971% 
0.9284
83 
0.4894% 
0.6454% 
0.3787% 
0.6968% 
0.8941% 
0.9151% 
1.0060% 
1.1530% 
1.0603% 
1.1583% 
1.2073% 
0.8976% 
0.7107% 
0.9129% 
0.7163% 
0.5667% 
1.2239% 
0.8971% 
0.9284
84 
0.4894% 
0.6454% 
0.3787% 
0.7077% 
0.8941% 
0.9151% 
1.0079% 
1.1530% 
1.0603% 
1.1667% 
1.2073% 
0.8976% 
0.7107% 
0.9129% 
0.7163% 
0.5667% 
1.2243% 
0.8971% 
0.9284
85 
0.4894% 
0.6454% 
0.3787% 
0.7106% 
0.9012% 
0.9151% 
1.0079% 
1.1530% 
1.0603% 
1.1667% 
1.2073% 
0.8976% 
0.7107% 
0.9129% 
0.7163% 
0.5667% 
1.2243% 
0.8971% 
0.9284
86 
0.4894% 
0.6457% 
0.3787% 
0.7106% 
0.9012% 
0.9151% 
1.0079% 
1.1530% 
1.0603% 
1.1667% 
1.2076% 
0.8976% 
0.7107% 
0.9129% 
0.7163% 
0.5667% 
1.2243% 
0.8971% 
0.9284
87 
0.4894% 
0.6457% 
0.3808% 
0.7106% 
0.9012% 
0.9151% 
1.0079% 
1.1530% 
1.0603% 
1.1667% 
1.2076% 
0.8976% 
0.7107% 
0.9129% 
0.7163% 
0.5667% 
1.2243% 
0.8971% 
0.9284
88 
0.4894% 
0.6457% 
0.3808% 
0.7106% 
0.9012% 
0.9151% 
1.0084% 
1.1530% 
1.0603% 
1.1667% 
1.2076% 
0.8976% 
0.7107% 
0.9129% 
0.7163% 
0.5667% 
1.2243% 
0.8971% 
0.9284
89 
0.4894% 
0.6457% 
0.3808% 
0.7106% 
0.9012% 
0.9151% 
1.0084% 
1.1530% 
1.0603% 
1.1759% 
1.2076% 
0.8976% 
0.7107% 
0.9129% 
0.7221% 
0.5667% 
1.2243% 
0.8971% 
0.9284
90 
0.4894% 
0.6457% 
0.3808% 
0.7106% 
0.9012% 
0.9151% 
1.0084% 
1.1530% 
1.0603% 
1.1759% 
1.2076% 
0.9004% 
0.7107% 
0.9129% 
0.7221% 
0.5667% 
1.2243% 
0.8971% 
0.9284
91 
0.4894% 
0.6457% 
0.3808% 
0.7106% 
0.9015% 
0.9151% 
1.0084% 
1.1530% 
1.0603% 
1.1759% 
1.2076% 
0.9004% 
0.7107% 
0.9129% 
0.7285% 
0.5667% 
1.2243% 
0.8971% 
0.9284
92 
0.4894% 
0.6457% 
0.3808% 
0.7106% 
0.9015% 
0.9151% 
1.0084% 
1.1530% 
1.0603% 
1.1759% 
1.2076% 
0.9004% 
0.7107% 
0.9133% 
0.7285% 
0.5667% 
1.2243% 
0.8971% 
0.9284
93 
0.4894% 
0.6457% 
0.3808% 
0.7106% 
0.9015% 
0.9151% 
1.0084% 
1.1530% 
1.0603% 
1.1759% 
1.2076% 
0.9004% 
0.7107% 
0.9133% 
0.7285% 
0.5667% 
1.2243% 
0.8971% 
0.9284
94 
0.4894% 
0.6457% 
0.3808% 
0.7106% 
0.9015% 
0.9151% 
1.0084% 
1.1530% 
1.0603% 
1.1759% 
1.2076% 
0.9004% 
0.7107% 
0.9133% 
0.7285% 
0.5667% 
1.2243% 
0.8971% 
0.9284
95 
0.4894% 
0.6457% 
0.3808% 
0.7106% 
0.9015% 
0.9228% 
1.0084% 
1.1530% 
1.0603% 
1.1759% 
1.2076% 
0.9004% 
0.7107% 
0.9133% 
0.7285% 
0.5667% 
1.2243% 
0.8971% 
0.9284
96 
0.4894% 
0.6457% 
0.3906% 
0.7106% 
0.9015% 
0.9228% 
1.0084% 
1.1530% 
1.0603% 
1.1768% 
1.2076% 
0.9004% 
0.7109% 
0.9133% 
0.7285% 
0.5667% 
1.2243% 
0.8971% 
0.9284
97 
0.4894% 
0.6457% 
0.3906% 
0.7106% 
0.9015% 
0.9228% 
1.0084% 
1.1530% 
1.0603% 
1.1768% 
1.2076% 
0.9004% 
0.7109% 
0.9133% 
0.7285% 
0.5667% 
1.2243% 
0.8971% 
0.9284
98 
0.4894% 
0.6457% 
0.3906% 
0.7106% 
0.9015% 
0.9228% 
1.0084% 
1.1530% 
1.0603% 
1.1768% 
1.2076% 
0.9004% 
0.7109% 
0.9133% 
0.7285% 
0.5667% 
1.2243% 
0.8971% 
0.9284
99 
0.4894% 
0.6457% 
0.3906% 
0.7106% 
0.9015% 
0.9228% 
1.0084% 
1.1530% 
1.0687% 
1.1776% 
1.2076% 
0.9004% 
0.7109% 
0.9157% 
0.7285% 
0.5667% 
1.2243% 
0.8971% 
0.9349
100 
0.4894% 
0.6457% 
0.3906% 
0.7106% 
0.9015% 
0.9228% 
1.0084% 
1.1530% 
1.0687% 
1.1776% 
1.2076% 
0.9004% 
0.7109% 
0.9157% 
0.7285% 
0.5667% 
1.2243% 
0.8971% 
0.9349
101 
0.4894% 
0.6457% 
0.3906% 
0.7106% 
0.9015% 
0.9228% 
1.0084% 
1.1530% 
1.0687% 
1.1776% 
1.2076% 
0.9004% 
0.7109% 
0.9157% 
0.7285% 
0.5667% 
1.2243% 
0.8971% 
0.9349
102 
0.5005% 
0.6457% 
0.3906% 
0.7106% 
0.9015% 
0.9228% 
1.0084% 
1.1530% 
1.0687% 
1.1776% 
1.2076% 
0.9004% 
0.7109% 
0.9157% 
0.7285% 
0.5667% 
1.2243% 
0.8971% 
0.9349
103 
0.5005% 
0.6457% 
0.3906% 
0.7106% 
0.9015% 
0.9228% 
1.0084% 
1.1530% 
1.0687% 
1.1776% 
1.2076% 
0.9004% 
0.7109% 
0.9157% 
0.7285% 
0.5667% 
1.2243% 
0.8971%  
104 
0.5005% 
0.6457% 
0.3906% 
0.7106% 
0.9015% 
0.9228% 
1.0084% 
1.1530% 
1.0687% 
1.1776% 
1.2076% 
0.9004% 
0.7109% 
0.9157% 
0.7285% 
0.5667% 
1.2243%  
 
105 
0.5005% 
0.6457% 
0.3906% 
0.7106% 
0.9015% 
0.9228% 
1.0084% 
1.1530% 
1.0687% 
1.1776% 
1.2076% 
0.9004% 
0.7109% 
0.9157% 
0.7285% 
0.5667%  
 
 
106 
0.5005% 
0.6457% 
0.3906% 
0.7106% 
0.9015% 
0.9228% 
1.0084% 
1.1530% 
1.0687% 
1.1776% 
1.2076% 
0.9004% 
0.7109% 
0.9157% 
0.7285% 
 
 
 
 
107 
0.5005% 
0.6457% 
0.3906% 
0.7106% 
0.9015% 
0.9228% 
1.0084% 
1.1530% 
1.0687% 
1.1776% 
1.2076% 
0.9004% 
0.7109% 
0.9157%  
 
 
 
 
108 
0.5005% 
0.6457% 
0.3921% 
0.7106% 
0.9015% 
0.9228% 
1.0084% 
1.1530% 
1.0687% 
1.1776% 
1.2076% 
0.9004% 
0.7109% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
109 
0.5005% 
0.6457% 
0.3921% 
0.7106% 
0.9015% 
0.9228% 
1.0084% 
1.1530% 
1.0687% 
1.1776% 
1.2076% 
0.9004%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
110 
0.5005% 
0.6457% 
0.3921% 
0.7106% 
0.9015% 
0.9228% 
1.0084% 
1.1530% 
1.0687% 
1.1776% 
1.2076% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
111 
0.5005% 
0.6457% 
0.3921% 
0.7106% 
0.9015% 
0.9228% 
1.0084% 
1.1530% 
1.0687% 
1.1776% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
112 
0.5005% 
0.6457% 
0.3921% 
0.7106% 
0.9015% 
0.9228% 
1.0084% 
1.1530% 
1.0687% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
113 
0.5005% 
0.6457% 
0.3921% 
0.7106% 
0.9015% 
0.9228% 
1.0084% 
1.1530% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
114 
0.5005% 
0.6457% 
0.3921% 
0.7106% 
0.9015% 
0.9228% 
1.0084% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
115 
0.5005% 
0.6457% 
0.3921% 
0.7106% 
0.9015% 
0.9228% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
116 
0.5005% 
0.6457% 
0.3921% 
0.7106% 
0.9015% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
117 
0.5005% 
0.6457% 
0.3921% 
0.7106% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
118 
0.5005% 
0.6457% 
0.3921% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
119 
0.5005% 
0.6457% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
120 
0.5005%

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
 
Total 
 
Sum Contract Value 
47,254,125.09 
79,758,327.98 
88,006,458.76 
95,689,817.66 
99,490,618.56 
77,921,779.23 
90,353,546.84 
114,571,083.77 
98,199,896.27 
106,041,342.22 
99,797,173.86 
92,238,810.50 
57,700,912.27 
108,173,488.07 
110,056,810.68 
123,299,585.96 
134,462,852.33 
104,089,662.52 
115,341,857.86 
Number of contract 
3,661 
6,112 
6,650 
7,258 
7,368 
5,877 
6,842 
8,765 
7,595 
8,088 
7,584 
7,024 
4,247 
8,124 
7,623 
8,399 
9,094 
7,618 
8,635 
Age 
08-2015 
09-2015 
10-2015 
11-2015 
12-2015 
01-2016 
02-2016 
03-2016 
04-2016 
05-2016 
06-2016 
07-2016 
08-2016 
09-2016 
10-2016 
11-2016 
12-2016 
01-2017 
02-2017 
1 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0136% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
3 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0136% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0120% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0131% 
0.0328% 
4 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0136% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0506% 
0.0214% 
0.0000% 
0.0118% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0450% 
0.0328% 
5 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0136% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0506% 
0.0214% 
0.0000% 
0.0118% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0450% 
0.0328% 
6 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0332% 
0.0000% 
0.0401% 
0.0000% 
0.0506% 
0.0214% 
0.0000% 
0.0315% 
0.0000% 
0.0236% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0520% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0450% 
0.0328% 
7 
0.0000% 
0.0440% 
0.0332% 
0.0000% 
0.0401% 
0.0000% 
0.0506% 
0.0596% 
0.0000% 
0.0315% 
0.0000% 
0.0236% 
0.0000% 
0.0185% 
0.0520% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0450% 
0.0328% 
8 
0.0782% 
0.0440% 
0.0332% 
0.0000% 
0.0401% 
0.0000% 
0.0896% 
0.0596% 
0.0000% 
0.0315% 
0.0000% 
0.0236% 
0.0000% 
0.0185% 
0.0520% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0450% 
0.1117% 
9 
0.1035% 
0.0440% 
0.0332% 
0.0000% 
0.0401% 
0.1646% 
0.0896% 
0.0596% 
0.0000% 
0.0315% 
0.0000% 
0.0373% 
0.0000% 
0.0185% 
0.0520% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1761% 
0.1117% 
10 
0.1035% 
0.0440% 
0.0332% 
0.0000% 
0.1470% 
0.1646% 
0.0896% 
0.0596% 
0.0000% 
0.0315% 
0.0264% 
0.0436% 
0.0000% 
0.0185% 
0.0520% 
0.0000% 
0.1029% 
0.1761% 
0.1117% 
11 
0.1035% 
0.0440% 
0.0332% 
0.2806% 
0.1470% 
0.1646% 
0.0896% 
0.0596% 
0.0000% 
0.1900% 
0.0264% 
0.0436% 
0.0000% 
0.0185% 
0.0563% 
0.0833% 
0.1029% 
0.1761% 
0.1117% 
12 
0.1035% 
0.0440% 
0.0913% 
0.2806% 
0.1470% 
0.1646% 
0.0896% 
0.0596% 
0.1707% 
0.1900% 
0.0264% 
0.0436% 
0.0000% 
0.0185% 
0.2475% 
0.0833% 
0.1029% 
0.1761% 
0.1117% 
13 
0.1035% 
0.1941% 
0.0913% 
0.2806% 
0.1470% 
0.1646% 
0.0896% 
0.1605% 
0.1707% 
0.1900% 
0.0264% 
0.0436% 
0.0000% 
0.0970% 
0.2475% 
0.0833% 
0.1029% 
0.1761% 
0.1117% 
14 
0.3720% 
0.1941% 
0.0913% 
0.2806% 
0.1470% 
0.1696% 
0.2301% 
0.1605% 
0.1707% 
0.1900% 
0.0264% 
0.0436% 
0.0786% 
0.0970% 
0.2475% 
0.0833% 
0.1029% 
0.1761% 
0.1292% 
15 
0.3720% 
0.2175% 
0.0913% 
0.2806% 
0.1470% 
0.2335% 
0.2686% 
0.1605% 
0.1707% 
0.1900% 
0.0264% 
0.1889% 
0.0786% 
0.0970% 
0.2475% 
0.0833% 
0.1029% 
0.2145% 
0.1292% 
16 
0.3720% 
0.2175% 
0.0913% 
0.2806% 
0.2453% 
0.2335% 
0.2686% 
0.1605% 
0.1707% 
0.1986% 
0.0882% 
0.1889% 
0.0786% 
0.0970% 
0.2475% 
0.0833% 
0.2667% 
0.2145% 
0.1292% 
17 
0.3720% 
0.2175% 
0.0913% 
0.4030% 
0.2461% 
0.2335% 
0.2735% 
0.1605% 
0.1707% 
0.2793% 
0.0911% 
0.1889% 
0.0786% 
0.0970% 
0.2475% 
0.2142% 
0.2864% 
0.2145% 
0.1292% 
18 
0.4014% 
0.2175% 
0.2815% 
0.4030% 
0.2461% 
0.2335% 
0.2735% 
0.1605% 
0.3455% 
0.2793% 
0.0911% 
0.1889% 
0.0786% 
0.0970% 
0.3826% 
0.2142% 
0.2864% 
0.2145% 
0.1292% 
19 
0.4014% 
0.2503% 
0.2815% 
0.4245% 
0.2461% 
0.2335% 
0.2735% 
0.2435% 
0.3455% 
0.2793% 
0.0911% 
0.1889% 
0.0786% 
0.1424% 
0.3826% 
0.2142% 
0.2864% 
0.2178% 
0.1292% 
20 
0.5208% 
0.2503% 
0.2815% 
0.4245% 
0.2461% 
0.2335% 
0.3718% 
0.2435% 
0.3532% 
0.2793% 
0.0911% 
0.1889% 
0.0975% 
0.1424% 
0.3826% 
0.2142% 
0.2864% 
0.2178% 
0.1611% 
21 
0.5208% 
0.2715% 
0.2815% 
0.4245% 
0.2466% 
0.3728% 
0.3805% 
0.2435% 
0.3624% 
0.2793% 
0.0911% 
0.2856% 
0.0975% 
0.1424% 
0.3826% 
0.2142% 
0.2864% 
0.2488% 
0.1611% 
22 
0.5208% 
0.2715% 
0.2815% 
0.4859% 
0.3676% 
0.3728% 
0.3805% 
0.2686% 
0.3624% 
0.2793% 
0.1847% 
0.2856% 
0.0975% 
0.1424% 
0.3826% 
0.2195% 
0.3366% 
0.2619% 
0.1611% 
23 
0.5208% 
0.2715% 
0.2815% 
0.5679% 
0.3676% 
0.3728% 
0.3805% 
0.2686% 
0.3637% 
0.3348% 
0.1847% 
0.2856% 
0.0975% 
0.1424% 
0.3826% 
0.2861% 
0.3473% 
0.2619% 
0.1611% 
24 
0.5208% 
0.2715% 
0.3294% 
0.5679% 
0.3676% 
0.3728% 
0.3805% 
0.2686% 
0.4472% 
0.3348% 
0.1847% 
0.2856% 
0.0975% 
0.1424% 
0.4533% 
0.2861% 
0.3473% 
0.2619% 
0.1611% 
25 
0.5208% 
0.3103% 
0.3294% 
0.5679% 
0.3676% 
0.3728% 
0.3836% 
0.3154% 
0.4472% 
0.3348% 
0.1847% 
0.2856% 
0.0975% 
0.1962% 
0.4533% 
0.2861% 
0.3473% 
0.2619% 
0.1611% 
26 
0.5632% 
0.3103% 
0.3294% 
0.5679% 
0.3676% 
0.3728% 
0.4333% 
0.3154% 
0.4472% 
0.3348% 
0.1847% 
0.2856% 
0.1969% 
0.1962% 
0.4533% 
0.2861% 
0.3473% 
0.2619% 
0.2141% 
27 
0.5632% 
0.3103% 
0.3294% 
0.5679% 
0.3676% 
0.4317% 
0.4333% 
0.3154% 
0.4472% 
0.3348% 
0.1847% 
0.3507% 
0.1969% 
0.1962% 
0.4533% 
0.2861% 
0.3473% 
0.2704% 
0.2141% 
28 
0.5632% 
0.3103% 
0.3315% 
0.5679% 
0.4302% 
0.4317% 
0.4333% 
0.3187% 
0.4472% 
0.3348% 
0.2344% 
0.3507% 
0.1969% 
0.1962% 
0.4533% 
0.2922% 
0.4331% 
0.2704% 
0.2141% 
29 
0.5632% 
0.3103% 
0.3315% 
0.6867% 
0.4302% 
0.4317% 
0.4458% 
0.3256% 
0.4472% 
0.4460% 
0.2344% 
0.3507% 
0.1969% 
0.1962% 
0.4533% 
0.3205% 
0.4331% 
0.2704% 
0.2141% 
30 
0.5632% 
0.3103% 
0.4454% 
0.7031% 
0.4302% 
0.4617% 
0.4459% 
0.3359% 
0.5179% 
0.4460% 
0.2344% 
0.3507% 
0.1969% 
0.1962% 
0.4613% 
0.3227% 
0.4331% 
0.2704% 
0.2141% 
31 
0.5632% 
0.3787% 
0.5499% 
0.7034% 
0.4302% 
0.4739% 
0.4459% 
0.4004% 
0.5236% 
0.4460% 
0.2344% 
0.3612% 
0.1969% 
0.2301% 
0.4613% 
0.3415% 
0.4331% 
0.2704% 
0.2141% 
32 
0.6021% 
0.4392% 
0.5499% 
0.7034% 
0.4302% 
0.4739% 
0.4731% 
0.4004% 
0.5236% 
0.4460% 
0.2817% 
0.3738% 
0.2321% 
0.2301% 
0.4670% 
0.3415% 
0.4331% 
0.2704% 
0.2280% 
33 
0.6021% 
0.4431% 
0.5499% 
0.7050% 
0.4302% 
0.4902% 
0.4856% 
0.4070% 
0.5236% 
0.4460% 
0.2857% 
0.4569% 
0.2321% 
0.2321% 
0.4817% 
0.3415% 
0.4518% 
0.2961% 
0.2280% 
34 
0.6021% 
0.4479% 
0.5499% 
0.7050% 
0.4487% 
0.4902% 
0.4856% 
0.4070% 
0.5236% 
0.4460% 
0.3086% 
0.4569% 
0.2321% 
0.2425% 
0.4817% 
0.3415% 
0.4768% 
0.3005% 
0.2280% 
35 
0.6021% 
0.4516% 
0.5499% 
0.7341% 
0.4487% 
0.4902% 
0.4856% 
0.4070% 
0.5236% 
0.5002% 
0.3086% 
0.4569% 
0.2321% 
0.2502% 
0.4857% 
0.3889% 
0.4789% 
0.3005% 
0.2378% 
36 
0.6021% 
0.4516% 
0.6365% 
0.7341% 
0.4487% 
0.4930% 
0.4856% 
0.4070% 
0.5578% 
0.5002% 
0.3086% 
0.4632% 
0.2321% 
0.2502% 
0.4912% 
0.3949% 
0.4806% 
0.3005% 
0.2378% 
37 
0.6021% 
0.5125% 
0.6365% 
0.7393% 
0.4487% 
0.4930% 
0.4856% 
0.4754% 
0.5718% 
0.5002% 
0.3086% 
0.4632% 
0.2429% 
0.2622% 
0.4992% 
0.3949% 
0.4806% 
0.3005% 
0.2784% 
38 
0.6253% 
0.5125% 
0.6421% 
0.7393% 
0.4487% 
0.4930% 
0.5018% 
0.4754% 
0.5718% 
0.5002% 
0.3086% 
0.4632% 
0.2602% 
0.2622% 
0.4992% 
0.4004% 
0.4806% 
0.3393% 
0.2784% 
39 
0.6253% 
0.5125% 
0.6421% 
0.7516% 
0.4487% 
0.4993% 
0.5045% 
0.4754% 
0.5800% 
0.5002% 
0.3086% 
0.5279% 
0.2602% 
0.2631% 
0.4992% 
0.4004% 
0.5254% 
0.3393% 
0.2784% 
40 
0.6279% 
0.5125% 
0.6421% 
0.7554% 
0.4977% 
0.4993% 
0.5045% 
0.4773% 
0.5800% 
0.5002% 
0.3403% 
0.5279% 
0.2602% 
0.2657% 
0.4992% 
0.4522% 
0.5254% 
0.3393% 
0.3055% 
41 
0.6279% 
0.5125% 
0.6421% 
0.8206% 
0.5011% 
0.4993% 
0.5045% 
0.4773% 
0.5800% 
0.5425% 
0.3403% 
0.5279% 
0.2602% 
0.2748% 
0.5771% 
0.4522% 
0.5254% 
0.3578% 
0.3055% 
42 
0.6279% 
0.5167% 
0.6948% 
0.8526% 
0.5011% 
0.5005% 
0.5045% 
0.4773% 
0.5975% 
0.5482% 
0.3403% 
0.5279% 
0.2602% 
0.3198% 
0.5771% 
0.4522% 
0.5288% 
0.3578% 
0.3055% 
43 
0.6279% 
0.5688% 
0.6948% 
0.8755% 
0.5011% 
0.5005% 
0.5045% 
0.4891% 
0.5975% 
0.5482% 
0.3403% 
0.5279% 
0.3232% 
0.3198% 
0.5771% 
0.4529% 
0.5329% 
0.3578% 
0.3076% 
44 
0.6400% 
0.5688% 
0.6948% 
0.8755% 
0.5011% 
0.5005% 
0.5092% 
0.4891% 
0.5975% 
0.5482% 
0.3403% 
0.5994% 
0.3232% 
0.3198% 
0.6048% 
0.4529% 
0.5329% 
0.3670% 
0.3188% 
45 
0.6400% 
0.5688% 
0.6948% 
0.8755% 
0.5011% 
0.5159% 
0.5113% 
0.4891% 
0.5975% 
0.5482% 
0.3620% 
0.5994% 
0.3232% 
0.3225% 
0.6048% 
0.4529% 
0.5342% 
0.3684% 
0.3206% 
46 
0.6400% 
0.5688% 
0.6948% 
0.8755% 
0.5248% 
0.5159% 
0.5113% 
0.4891% 
0.5975% 
0.5616% 
0.3620% 
0.5994% 
0.3232% 
0.3246% 
0.6048% 
0.4529% 
0.5626% 
0.3812% 
0.3206% 
47 
0.6400% 
0.5688% 
0.6948% 
0.8839% 
0.5254% 
0.5159% 
0.5152% 
0.4894% 
0.6477% 
0.5616% 
0.3620% 
0.5994% 
0.3232% 
0.3246% 
0.6048% 
0.4651% 
0.5658% 
0.3812% 
0.3236% 
48 
0.6400% 
0.5688% 
0.7376% 
0.8868% 
0.5254% 
0.5159% 
0.5152% 
0.5028% 
0.6501% 
0.5626% 
0.3663% 
0.6105% 
0.3232% 
0.3328% 
0.6081% 
0.4651% 
0.5658% 
0.3812% 
0.3239% 
49 
0.6400% 
0.5696% 
0.7426% 
0.8868% 
0.5337% 
0.5159% 
0.5452% 
0.5212% 
0.6538% 
0.5867% 
0.3663% 
0.6105% 
0.3232% 
0.3437% 
0.6284% 
0.4654% 
0.5698% 
0.3826% 
0.3965% 
50 
0.6720% 
0.5696% 
0.7426% 
0.8868% 
0.5337% 
0.5545% 
0.5452% 
0.5212% 
0.6608% 
0.5867% 
0.3663% 
0.6107% 
0.3261% 
0.3437% 
0.6284% 
0.4654% 
0.5698% 
0.4135% 
0.3965% 
51 
0.6720% 
0.5696% 
0.7426% 
0.8888% 
0.5767% 
0.5545% 
0.5452% 
0.5301% 
0.6708% 
0.5867% 
0.3698% 
0.6257% 
0.3261% 
0.3437% 
0.6308% 
0.4654% 
0.6038% 
0.4135% 
0.3965% 
52 
0.6720% 
0.5696% 
0.7426% 
0.9068% 
0.5767% 
0.5545% 
0.5535% 
0.5309% 
0.6708% 
0.5871% 
0.3700% 
0.6261% 
0.3261% 
0.3437% 
0.6312% 
0.4981% 
0.6038% 
0.4135% 
0.4107% 
53 
0.6720% 
0.5696% 
0.7719% 
0.9120% 
0.5767% 
0.5671% 
0.5548% 
0.5316% 
0.6755% 
0.5871% 
0.3728% 
0.6333% 
0.3261% 
0.3437% 
0.7098% 
0.4981% 
0.6051% 
0.4293% 
0.4190% 
54 
0.6720% 
0.6269% 
0.7719% 
0.9120% 
0.5767% 
0.5671% 
0.5548% 
0.5317% 
0.6799% 
0.5871% 
0.3728% 
0.6333% 
0.3269% 
0.4043% 
0.7101% 
0.4981% 
0.6266% 
0.4293% 
0.4190% 
55 
0.7534% 
0.6269% 
0.7719% 
0.9219% 
0.5928% 
0.5671% 
0.5548% 
0.5349% 
0.6799% 
0.5873% 
0.3728% 
0.6350% 
0.3584% 
0.4043% 
0.7101% 
0.5147% 
0.6266% 
0.4388% 
0.4190% 
56 
0.7534% 
0.6269% 
0.7793% 
0.9219% 
0.5928% 
0.5694% 
0.5552% 
0.5383% 
0.6799% 
0.5882% 
0.3825% 
0.6600% 
0.3584% 
0.4043% 
0.7145% 
0.5175% 
0.6298% 
0.4391% 
0.4257% 
57 
0.7534% 
0.6269% 
0.7816% 
0.9219% 
0.5928% 
0.5711% 
0.5552% 
0.5391% 
0.6799% 
0.5891% 
0.4185% 
0.6600% 
0.3708% 
0.4363% 
0.7145% 
0.5175% 
0.6298% 
0.4509% 
0.4257% 
58 
0.7539% 
0.6269% 
0.7816% 
0.9284% 
0.5995% 
0.5774% 
0.5552% 
0.5391% 
0.6799% 
0.6356% 
0.4238% 
0.6704% 
0.3881% 
0.4363% 
0.7147% 
0.5175% 
0.6399% 
0.4509% 
0.4257% 
59 
0.7539% 
0.6269% 
0.7816% 
0.9333% 
0.6010% 
0.5774% 
0.5555% 
0.5391% 
0.6799% 
0.6356% 
0.4238% 
0.6866% 
0.3881% 
0.4363% 
0.7254% 
0.5531% 
0.6399% 
0.4513% 
0.4392% 
60 
0.7539% 
0.6269% 
0.7844% 
0.9376% 
0.6010% 
0.5774% 
0.5555% 
0.5516% 
0.6799% 
0.6360% 
0.4322% 
0.6871% 
0.3881% 
0.4363% 
0.7584% 
0.5531% 
0.6399% 
0.4513% 
0.4392% 
61 
0.7539% 
0.6338% 
0.7881% 
0.9376% 
0.6049% 
0.5774% 
0.5822% 
0.5594% 
0.6799% 
0.6555% 
0.4322% 
0.6871% 
0.3881% 
0.4414% 
0.7584% 
0.5531% 
0.6399% 
0.4513% 
0.4617% 
62 
0.7644% 
0.6338% 
0.7881% 
0.9416% 
0.6049% 
0.5982% 
0.5822% 
0.5598% 
0.6799% 
0.6577% 
0.4322% 
0.6875% 
0.3881% 
0.4414% 
0.7584% 
0.5531% 
0.6399% 
0.4624% 
0.4617% 
63 
0.7644% 
0.6344% 
0.7887% 
0.9416% 
0.6564% 
0.5982% 
0.5822% 
0.5666% 
0.6813% 
0.6577% 
0.4322% 
0.7052% 
0.3881% 
0.4414% 
0.7584% 
0.5531% 
0.6444% 
0.4624% 
0.4744% 
64 
0.7644% 
0.6348% 
0.7908% 
0.9717% 
0.6564% 
0.5982% 
0.5868% 
0.5671% 
0.6813% 
0.6577% 
0.4527% 
0.7121% 
0.3881% 
0.4470% 
0.7584% 
0.5636% 
0.6450% 
0.4624% 
0.4865% 
65 
0.7644% 
0.6348% 
0.8452% 
0.9827% 
0.6564% 
0.6150% 
0.5903% 
0.5686% 
0.6813% 
0.6650% 
0.4527% 
0.7121% 
0.3881% 
0.4470% 
0.7689% 
0.5636% 
0.6507% 
0.4665% 
0.4865% 
66 
0.7644% 
0.6480% 
0.8539% 
0.9827% 
0.6605% 
0.6164% 
0.5903% 
0.5695% 
0.6822% 
0.6650% 
0.4527% 
0.7121% 
0.3881% 
0.4552% 
0.7689% 
0.5636% 
0.6533% 
0.4665% 
0.4865% 
67 
0.7644% 
0.6480% 
0.8548% 
0.9966% 
0.6605% 
0.6164% 
0.5903% 
0.5755% 
0.6822% 
0.6650% 
0.4555% 
0.7137% 
0.4167% 
0.4557% 
0.7689% 
0.5715% 
0.6533% 
0.4665% 
0.4865% 
68 
0.7682% 
0.6488% 
0.8701% 
0.9972% 
0.6605% 
0.6179% 
0.5919% 
0.5790% 
0.6825% 
0.6650% 
0.4555% 
0.7179% 
0.4167% 
0.4557% 
0.7868% 
0.5715% 
0.6533% 
0.4665% 
0.4976% 
69 
0.7690% 
0.6488% 
0.8701% 
0.9972% 
0.6605% 
0.6291% 
0.5919% 
0.5790% 
0.6844% 
0.6650% 
0.4654% 
0.7179% 
0.4167% 
0.4557% 
0.7868% 
0.5715% 
0.6533% 
0.4674% 
0.4976% 
70 
0.7690% 
0.6488% 
0.8701% 
1.0012% 
0.6605% 
0.6405% 
0.5919% 
0.5796% 
0.6844% 
0.6734% 
0.4654% 
0.7179% 
0.4167% 
0.4557% 
0.7868% 
0.5715% 
0.6572% 
0.4677% 
0.4976% 
71 
0.7690% 
0.6488% 
0.8701% 
1.0156% 
0.6605% 
0.6417% 
0.5919% 
0.5796% 
0.7214% 
0.6772% 
0.4654% 
0.7179% 
0.4167% 
0.4557% 
0.7868% 
0.5758% 
0.6572% 
0.4677% 
0.4981% 
72 
0.7690% 
0.6488% 
0.8719% 
1.0156% 
0.6605% 
0.6417% 
0.5919% 
0.6055% 
0.7214% 
0.6772% 
0.4735% 
0.7179% 
0.4173% 
0.4557% 
0.7955% 
0.5758% 
0.6572% 
0.4677% 
0.4984% 
73 
0.7690% 
0.6540% 
0.8719% 
1.0156% 
0.6605% 
0.6417% 
0.5919% 
0.6055% 
0.7214% 
0.6772% 
0.4735% 
0.7179% 
0.4173% 
0.4557% 
0.7955% 
0.5838% 
0.6572% 
0.4677% 
0.4988% 
74 
0.7792% 
0.6540% 
0.8719% 
1.0193% 
0.6631% 
0.6438% 
0.5919% 
0.6057% 
0.7226% 
0.6900% 
0.4735% 
0.7179% 
0.4198% 
0.4557% 
0.7955% 
0.5838% 
0.6579% 
0.4677% 
0.4988% 
75 
0.7792% 
0.6540% 
0.8719% 
1.0193% 
0.6637% 
0.6438% 
0.5948% 
0.6057% 
0.7226% 
0.6900% 
0.4735% 
0.7218% 
0.4198% 
0.4557% 
0.7955% 
0.5838% 
0.6631% 
0.4677% 
0.4988% 
76 
0.7792% 
0.6540% 
0.8733% 
1.0222% 
0.6637% 
0.6438% 
0.5948% 
0.6057% 
0.7226% 
0.6900% 
0.4982% 
0.7218% 
0.4198% 
0.4557% 
0.7955% 
0.5838% 
0.6631% 
0.4705% 
0.5032% 
77 
0.7792% 
0.6540% 
0.8758% 
1.0222% 
0.6637% 
0.6557% 
0.5948% 
0.6057% 
0.7226% 
0.6937% 
0.4982% 
0.7218% 
0.4198% 
0.4557% 
0.7955% 
0.5838% 
0.6631% 
0.4705% 
0.5032% 
78 
0.7792% 
0.6590% 
0.8758% 
1.0222% 
0.6653% 
0.6557% 
0.5951% 
0.6096% 
0.7354% 
0.6937% 
0.4982% 
0.7218% 
0.4198% 
0.4557% 
0.7955% 
0.5838% 
0.6658% 
0.4705% 
0.5032% 
79 
0.7808% 
0.6610% 
0.8758% 
1.0222% 
0.6653% 
0.6557% 
0.5951% 
0.6096% 
0.7354% 
0.6948% 
0.4982% 
0.7218% 
0.4198% 
0.4572% 
0.7955% 
0.5838% 
0.6658% 
0.4705% 
0.5032% 
80 
0.7808% 
0.6610% 
0.8758% 
1.0222% 
0.6657% 
0.6562% 
0.6002% 
0.6096% 
0.7358% 
0.6948% 
0.4984% 
0.7326% 
0.4198% 
0.4572% 
0.7962% 
0.5838% 
0.6658% 
0.4705% 
0.5065% 
81 
0.7828% 
0.6610% 
0.8758% 
1.0222% 
0.6657% 
0.6568% 
0.6002% 
0.6096% 
0.7358% 
0.6948% 
0.5004% 
0.7326% 
0.4198% 
0.4572% 
0.7962% 
0.5838% 
0.6659% 
0.4705% 
0.5065% 
82 
0.7828% 
0.6610% 
0.8780% 
1.0222% 
0.6710% 
0.6568% 
0.6002% 
0.6098% 
0.7358% 
0.6948% 
0.5004% 
0.7326% 
0.4198% 
0.4572% 
0.7962% 
0.5838% 
0.6659% 
0.4705% 
0.5065% 
83 
0.7828% 
0.6610% 
0.8780% 
1.0222% 
0.6710% 
0.6568% 
0.6002% 
0.6098% 
0.7447% 
0.6948% 
0.5004% 
0.7456% 
0.4198% 
0.4572% 
0.7962% 
0.5851% 
0.6659% 
0.4705% 
0.5065% 
84 
0.7828% 
0.6610% 
0.8780% 
1.0222% 
0.6710% 
0.6568% 
0.6002% 
0.6106% 
0.7447% 
0.6948% 
0.5005% 
0.7456% 
0.4198% 
0.4572% 
0.7992% 
0.5851% 
0.6659% 
0.4705% 
 
85 
0.7828% 
0.6617% 
0.8780% 
1.0222% 
0.6710% 
0.6568% 
0.6107% 
0.6106% 
0.7447% 
0.6948% 
0.5005% 
0.7456% 
0.4198% 
0.4572% 
0.7992% 
0.5851% 
0.6659% 
 
 
86 
0.7972% 
0.6617% 
0.8780% 
1.0222% 
0.6710% 
0.6586% 
0.6107% 
0.6106% 
0.7462% 
0.6948% 
0.5005% 
0.7456% 
0.4198% 
0.4572% 
0.7992% 
0.5851% 
 
 
 
87 
0.7972% 
0.6617% 
0.8780% 
1.0222% 
0.6710% 
0.6586% 
0.6107% 
0.6106% 
0.7462% 
0.6948% 
0.5005% 
0.7456% 
0.4203% 
0.4572% 
0.7992% 
 
 
 
 
88 
0.7972% 
0.6617% 
0.8780% 
1.0222% 
0.6710% 
0.6586% 
0.6107% 
0.6106% 
0.7462% 
0.6948% 
0.5005% 
0.7456% 
0.4203% 
0.4572% 
 
 
 
 
 
89 
0.7972% 
0.6617% 
0.8780% 
1.0222% 
0.6710% 
0.6586% 
0.6107% 
0.6106% 
0.7462% 
0.6948% 
0.5005% 
0.7456% 
0.4203% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
90 
0.7972% 
0.6617% 
0.8780% 
1.0222% 
0.6710% 
0.6586% 
0.6107% 
0.6106% 
0.7462% 
0.6948% 
0.5005% 
0.7456% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
91 
0.7972% 
0.6617% 
0.8780% 
1.0222% 
0.6710% 
0.6586% 
0.6107% 
0.6106% 
0.7462% 
0.6948% 
0.5005% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
92 
0.7972% 
0.6617% 
0.8780% 
1.0222% 
0.6710% 
0.6586% 
0.6107% 
0.6106% 
0.7462% 
0.6948% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
93 
0.7972% 
0.6617% 
0.8780% 
1.0222% 
0.6710% 
0.6586% 
0.6107% 
0.6106% 
0.7462% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
94 
0.7972% 
0.6617% 
0.8780% 
1.0222% 
0.6710% 
0.6586% 
0.6107% 
0.6106% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
95 
0.7972% 
0.6617% 
0.8780% 
1.0222% 
0.6710% 
0.6586% 
0.6107% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
96 
0.7972% 
0.6617% 
0.8780% 
1.0222% 
0.6710% 
0.6586% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
97 
0.7972% 
0.6617% 
0.8780% 
1.0222% 
0.6710% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
98 
0.7972% 
0.6617% 
0.8780% 
1.0222% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
99 
0.7972% 
0.6617% 
0.8780% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
100 
0.7972% 
0.6617% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
101 
0.7972% 
102 
 
103 
 
104 
 
105 
 
106 
 
107 
 
108 
 
109 
 
110 
 
111 
 
112 
 
113 
 
114 
 
115 
 
116 
 
117 
 
118 
 
119 
 
120

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
Total 
 
Sum Contract Value 
134,374,006.35 
97,492,938.78 
135,701,979.79 
116,213,439.86 
98,291,291.96 
72,664,797.74 
139,994,140.80 
130,797,260.02 
133,077,010.82 
125,821,710.65 
142,739,150.20 
153,908,000.20 
190,087,437.85 
160,350,800.84 
193,199,515.76 
178,980,659.86 
162,173,923.49 
85,746,869.76 
Number of contract 
10,140 
7,311 
9,669 
8,287 
6,927 
5,045 
9,654 
8,792 
8,609 
8,059 
9,552 
10,143 
12,213 
10,388 
12,366 
11,355 
10,211 
5,517 
Age 
03-2017 
04-2017 
05-2017 
06-2017 
07-2017 
08-2017 
09-2017 
10-2017 
11-2017 
12-2017 
01-2018 
02-2018 
03-2018 
04-2018 
05-2018 
06-2018 
07-2018 
08-2018 
1 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
3 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0077% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
4 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0077% 
0.0146% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0116% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
5 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0077% 
0.0146% 
0.0000% 
0.0479% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0116% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
6 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0077% 
0.0146% 
0.0000% 
0.0479% 
0.0000% 
0.0096% 
0.0000% 
0.0116% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0079% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
7 
0.0217% 
0.0000% 
0.0077% 
0.0286% 
0.0140% 
0.0479% 
0.0298% 
0.0096% 
0.0180% 
0.0116% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0202% 
0.0079% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0119% 
0.0000% 
8 
0.0217% 
0.0000% 
0.0077% 
0.0286% 
0.0140% 
0.0820% 
0.0298% 
0.0181% 
0.0180% 
0.0347% 
0.0000% 
0.0532% 
0.0202% 
0.0079% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0119% 
0.0000% 
9 
0.0217% 
0.0000% 
0.0077% 
0.0286% 
0.1074% 
0.0820% 
0.0298% 
0.0181% 
0.0180% 
0.0347% 
0.0453% 
0.0532% 
0.0202% 
0.0079% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0496% 
0.0000% 
10 
0.0217% 
0.0000% 
0.0077% 
0.1547% 
0.1337% 
0.0901% 
0.0298% 
0.0357% 
0.0180% 
0.0624% 
0.0453% 
0.0532% 
0.0202% 
0.0348% 
0.0000% 
0.0732% 
0.0496% 
0.0000% 
11 
0.0217% 
0.0000% 
0.0708% 
0.1547% 
0.1337% 
0.0901% 
0.0298% 
0.0357% 
0.0531% 
0.0624% 
0.0453% 
0.0532% 
0.0202% 
0.0348% 
0.1188% 
0.0732% 
0.0496% 
0.0000% 
12 
0.0217% 
0.0872% 
0.0708% 
0.1547% 
0.1337% 
0.0901% 
0.0298% 
0.1368% 
0.0531% 
0.0848% 
0.0453% 
0.0532% 
0.0202% 
0.3523% 
0.1188% 
0.0732% 
0.0496% 
0.0000% 
13 
0.1655% 
0.0872% 
0.0708% 
0.1547% 
0.1337% 
0.0901% 
0.0969% 
0.1368% 
0.0531% 
0.1171% 
0.0527% 
0.0532% 
0.2336% 
0.3523% 
0.1188% 
0.0732% 
0.0694% 
0.0000% 
14 
0.1655% 
0.0872% 
0.0708% 
0.1554% 
0.1337% 
0.1099% 
0.0969% 
0.1368% 
0.0531% 
0.1171% 
0.0527% 
0.2486% 
0.2336% 
0.3523% 
0.1188% 
0.0732% 
0.0694% 
0.1444% 
15 
0.1655% 
0.0872% 
0.0708% 
0.1779% 
0.1614% 
0.1099% 
0.0969% 
0.1636% 
0.0531% 
0.1343% 
0.2556% 
0.2679% 
0.2336% 
0.3523% 
0.1188% 
0.0850% 
0.2324% 
0.1444% 
16 
0.1655% 
0.0872% 
0.0708% 
0.2346% 
0.1614% 
0.1099% 
0.0969% 
0.1842% 
0.0643% 
0.3123% 
0.2556% 
0.2679% 
0.2360% 
0.3523% 
0.1188% 
0.2924% 
0.2380% 
0.1444% 
17 
0.1655% 
0.0872% 
0.1043% 
0.2394% 
0.1614% 
0.1099% 
0.0969% 
0.1842% 
0.1552% 
0.3123% 
0.2556% 
0.2679% 
0.2360% 
0.3523% 
0.1725% 
0.2924% 
0.2380% 
0.1444% 
18 
0.1655% 
0.1832% 
0.1043% 
0.2394% 
0.1614% 
0.1099% 
0.0969% 
0.2838% 
0.1552% 
0.3255% 
0.2556% 
0.2679% 
0.2389% 
0.4364% 
0.1725% 
0.2924% 
0.2380% 
0.1444% 
19 
0.1783% 
0.1832% 
0.1056% 
0.2394% 
0.1614% 
0.1099% 
0.1434% 
0.2845% 
0.1552% 
0.3255% 
0.2556% 
0.2679% 
0.2920% 
0.4364% 
0.1725% 
0.3030% 
0.2380% 
0.3823% 
20 
0.1783% 
0.1832% 
0.1056% 
0.2394% 
0.1614% 
0.1606% 
0.1434% 
0.2845% 
0.1552% 
0.3255% 
0.2556% 
0.3940% 
0.2920% 
0.4364% 
0.1725% 
0.3030% 
0.3580% 
0.3823% 
21 
0.1783% 
0.1832% 
0.1056% 
0.2394% 
0.2712% 
0.1606% 
0.1434% 
0.2845% 
0.1552% 
0.3255% 
0.3194% 
0.4004% 
0.2920% 
0.4364% 
0.1725% 
0.4177% 
0.3667% 
0.3823% 
22 
0.1783% 
0.1832% 
0.1056% 
0.2652% 
0.2747% 
0.1606% 
0.1434% 
0.2845% 
0.1552% 
0.3584% 
0.3335% 
0.4004% 
0.2920% 
0.4364% 
0.2403% 
0.4177% 
0.3667% 
0.4409% 
23 
0.1783% 
0.1832% 
0.1889% 
0.2652% 
0.2838% 
0.1655% 
0.1434% 
0.2845% 
0.1761% 
0.3584% 
0.3335% 
0.4004% 
0.2920% 
0.4776% 
0.2403% 
0.4177% 
0.4158% 
0.4409% 
24 
0.1783% 
0.2345% 
0.1889% 
0.2652% 
0.2838% 
0.1655% 
0.1434% 
0.2968% 
0.1761% 
0.3584% 
0.3335% 
0.4004% 
0.3666% 
0.4776% 
0.2403% 
0.4569% 
0.4158% 
0.4409% 
25 
0.2143% 
0.2345% 
0.1889% 
0.2652% 
0.2838% 
0.1655% 
0.2453% 
0.3157% 
0.1761% 
0.3584% 
0.3335% 
0.4801% 
0.3666% 
0.4776% 
0.2805% 
0.4668% 
0.4309% 
0.4476% 
26 
0.2143% 
0.2345% 
0.1889% 
0.2652% 
0.2838% 
0.1807% 
0.2464% 
0.3157% 
0.1763% 
0.3584% 
0.3683% 
0.4801% 
0.3666% 
0.4895% 
0.2805% 
0.4668% 
0.4315% 
0.4928% 
27 
0.2143% 
0.2345% 
0.1889% 
0.2652% 
0.3551% 
0.1807% 
0.2507% 
0.3157% 
0.1798% 
0.4839% 
0.3683% 
0.4801% 
0.4327% 
0.4895% 
0.2906% 
0.4673% 
0.4573% 
0.4928% 
28 
0.2162% 
0.2345% 
0.1889% 
0.2990% 
0.3551% 
0.1807% 
0.2507% 
0.3157% 
0.2260% 
0.4839% 
0.3683% 
0.5418% 
0.4327% 
0.4895% 
0.2906% 
0.5218% 
0.4573% 
0.4928% 
29 
0.2162% 
0.2345% 
0.1972% 
0.3045% 
0.3551% 
0.1848% 
0.2507% 
0.3348% 
0.2324% 
0.4839% 
0.4080% 
0.5418% 
0.4327% 
0.4969% 
0.3151% 
0.5259% 
0.4573% 
0.4928% 
30 
0.2195% 
0.2678% 
0.1979% 
0.3045% 
0.3551% 
0.1848% 
0.3171% 
0.3380% 
0.2324% 
0.5185% 
0.4080% 
0.5418% 
0.4327% 
0.5368% 
0.3216% 
0.5259% 
0.4932% 
0.4928% 
31 
0.2453% 
0.2678% 
0.1997% 
0.3050% 
0.3551% 
0.2101% 
0.3171% 
0.3424% 
0.2475% 
0.5185% 
0.4080% 
0.5418% 
0.4464% 
0.5368% 
0.3216% 
0.5259% 
0.4962% 
0.5939% 
32 
0.2453% 
0.2678% 
0.1997% 
0.3050% 
0.3833% 
0.2175% 
0.3258% 
0.3563% 
0.2475% 
0.5214% 
0.4080% 
0.5659% 
0.4464% 
0.5368% 
0.3216% 
0.5259% 
0.5731% 
0.5939% 
33 
0.2481% 
0.2678% 
0.1997% 
0.3567% 
0.3880% 
0.2175% 
0.3550% 
0.3590% 
0.2475% 
0.5242% 
0.4199% 
0.5691% 
0.4464% 
0.5404% 
0.3253% 
0.6272% 
0.5813% 
0.6071% 
34 
0.2481% 
0.2701% 
0.2161% 
0.3567% 
0.3880% 
0.2419% 
0.3550% 
0.3590% 
0.2475% 
0.5399% 
0.4199% 
0.5714% 
0.4477% 
0.5404% 
0.3898% 
0.6369% 
0.5857% 
0.6224% 
35 
0.2481% 
0.2922% 
0.2161% 
0.3577% 
0.4170% 
0.2419% 
0.3550% 
0.3590% 
0.2724% 
0.5399% 
0.4203% 
0.5756% 
0.4477% 
0.6194% 
0.3898% 
0.6423% 
0.6376% 
0.6224% 
36 
0.2736% 
0.2922% 
0.2161% 
0.3983% 
0.4170% 
0.2419% 
0.3550% 
0.3816% 
0.2724% 
0.5399% 
0.4435% 
0.5756% 
0.5391% 
0.6211% 
0.3898% 
0.6527% 
0.6376% 
0.6224% 
37 
0.2736% 
0.2922% 
0.2229% 
0.4122% 
0.4170% 
0.2419% 
0.3679% 
0.3816% 
0.2724% 
0.5403% 
0.4435% 
0.6317% 
0.5391% 
0.6387% 
0.4223% 
0.6596% 
0.6376% 
0.6224% 
38 
0.2738% 
0.2922% 
0.2229% 
0.4122% 
0.4170% 
0.2558% 
0.3679% 
0.3816% 
0.2724% 
0.5403% 
0.5595% 
0.6317% 
0.5415% 
0.6909% 
0.4414% 
0.6624% 
0.6376% 
0.6660% 
39 
0.3047% 
0.2922% 
0.2229% 
0.4122% 
0.4518% 
0.2558% 
0.3682% 
0.3816% 
0.2927% 
0.5653% 
0.5599% 
0.6317% 
0.5963% 
0.6909% 
0.4414% 
0.6624% 
0.6887% 
0.6660% 
40 
0.3047% 
0.2922% 
0.2280% 
0.4183% 
0.4733% 
0.2558% 
0.3716% 
0.3816% 
0.3177% 
0.5653% 
0.5626% 
0.6491% 
0.5963% 
0.6909% 
0.4454% 
0.7054% 
0.6887% 
0.6660% 
41 
0.3047% 
0.2922% 
0.2311% 
0.4224% 
0.4733% 
0.2558% 
0.3762% 
0.4385% 
0.3177% 
0.5653% 
0.5626% 
0.6492% 
0.6028% 
0.6909% 
0.5079% 
0.7077% 
0.6887% 
0.6660% 
42 
0.3057% 
0.3034% 
0.2311% 
0.4224% 
0.4733% 
0.2558% 
0.4023% 
0.4480% 
0.3183% 
0.5969% 
0.5704% 
0.6492% 
0.6028% 
0.7700% 
0.5079% 
0.7077% 
0.6905% 
0.6660% 
43 
0.3311% 
0.3034% 
0.2311% 
0.4244% 
0.4733% 
0.2971% 
0.4024% 
0.4491% 
0.3539% 
0.5981% 
0.5704% 
0.6492% 
0.6279% 
0.7700% 
0.5079% 
0.7086% 
0.6905% 
0.7080% 
44 
0.3340% 
0.3036% 
0.2311% 
0.4244% 
0.5147% 
0.2971% 
0.4076% 
0.5018% 
0.3539% 
0.5981% 
0.5704% 
0.7248% 
0.6295% 
0.7700% 
0.5117% 
0.7148% 
0.7685% 
0.7119% 
45 
0.3340% 
0.3036% 
0.2318% 
0.4404% 
0.5196% 
0.2971% 
0.4204% 
0.5046% 
0.3539% 
0.5981% 
0.6551% 
0.7248% 
0.6295% 
0.7760% 
0.5173% 
0.7712% 
0.7723% 
0.7174% 
46 
0.3421% 
0.3036% 
0.2748% 
0.4404% 
0.5196% 
0.3503% 
0.4204% 
0.5046% 
0.3539% 
0.6418% 
0.6551% 
0.7248% 
0.6295% 
0.7872% 
0.5699% 
0.7712% 
0.7723% 
0.7423% 
47 
0.3503% 
0.3476% 
0.2780% 
0.4404% 
0.5257% 
0.3503% 
0.4204% 
0.5048% 
0.4171% 
0.6418% 
0.6551% 
0.7303% 
0.6295% 
0.8269% 
0.5699% 
0.7734% 
0.7776% 
0.7638% 
48 
0.4058% 
0.3476% 
0.2780% 
0.4663% 
0.5301% 
0.3503% 
0.4204% 
0.5585% 
0.4176% 
0.6418% 
0.6551% 
0.7303% 
0.6787% 
0.8332% 
0.5710% 
0.7839% 
0.7776% 
0.7638% 
49 
0.4074% 
0.3550% 
0.2830% 
0.4729% 
0.5306% 
0.3503% 
0.4784% 
0.5585% 
0.4176% 
0.6461% 
0.6551% 
0.7697% 
0.6787% 
0.8332% 
0.5903% 
0.7917% 
0.7776% 
0.7638% 
50 
0.4081% 
0.3823% 
0.3009% 
0.4729% 
0.5349% 
0.3822% 
0.4784% 
0.5585% 
0.4176% 
0.6499% 
0.7190% 
0.7697% 
0.6787% 
0.8830% 
0.5903% 
0.7917% 
0.7776% 
0.8091% 
51 
0.4479% 
0.3943% 
0.3009% 
0.4729% 
0.5410% 
0.3822% 
0.4784% 
0.5691% 
0.4176% 
0.6843% 
0.7272% 
0.7733% 
0.6945% 
0.8830% 
0.5903% 
0.7917% 
0.8138% 
0.8091% 
52 
0.4479% 
0.3943% 
0.3009% 
0.4918% 
0.5410% 
0.3822% 
0.4784% 
0.5694% 
0.4574% 
0.6843% 
0.7330% 
0.7852% 
0.6964% 
0.8830% 
0.5903% 
0.8477% 
0.8138% 
0.8091% 
53 
0.4479% 
0.3943% 
0.3392% 
0.4961% 
0.5410% 
0.3822% 
0.4784% 
0.5925% 
0.4622% 
0.6843% 
0.7453% 
0.7854% 
0.6964% 
0.8830% 
0.6395% 
0.8477% 
0.8138% 
0.8091% 
54 
0.4479% 
0.4246% 
0.3420% 
0.4961% 
0.5410% 
0.3822% 
0.4891% 
0.5927% 
0.4628% 
0.6995% 
0.7453% 
0.7901% 
0.6964% 
0.8944% 
0.6395% 
0.8477% 
0.8155% 
0.8095% 
55 
0.4804% 
0.4246% 
0.3420% 
0.5069% 
0.5410% 
0.3979% 
0.4891% 
0.6002% 
0.4666% 
0.6995% 
0.7460% 
0.7901% 
0.7272% 
0.8944% 
0.6395% 
0.8478% 
0.8155% 
0.8205% 
56 
0.4955% 
0.4246% 
0.3455% 
0.5069% 
0.5611% 
0.3979% 
0.4891% 
0.6040% 
0.4678% 
0.6995% 
0.7460% 
0.7990% 
0.7276% 
0.8944% 
0.6418% 
0.8508% 
0.8303% 
0.8205% 
57 
0.4959% 
0.4246% 
0.3478% 
0.5286% 
0.5646% 
0.3979% 
0.5150% 
0.6040% 
0.4678% 
0.6995% 
0.7543% 
0.8060% 
0.7276% 
0.8944% 
0.6418% 
0.8799% 
0.8328% 
0.8205% 
58 
0.4959% 
0.4356% 
0.3714% 
0.5286% 
0.5646% 
0.4049% 
0.5150% 
0.6040% 
0.4678% 
0.7296% 
0.7543% 
0.8060% 
0.7285% 
0.8944% 
0.6492% 
0.8851% 
0.8331% 
0.8213% 
59 
0.4983% 
0.4457% 
0.3735% 
0.5286% 
0.5768% 
0.4052% 
0.5150% 
0.6044% 
0.5106% 
0.7296% 
0.7550% 
0.8067% 
0.7289% 
0.9120% 
0.6492% 
0.8851% 
0.8372% 
0.8213% 
60 
0.5140% 
0.4475% 
0.3739% 
0.5647% 
0.5811% 
0.4052% 
0.5186% 
0.6264% 
0.5151% 
0.7296% 
0.7550% 
0.8121% 
0.7348% 
0.9120% 
0.6492% 
0.9088% 
0.8372% 
0.8213% 
61 
0.5163% 
0.4475% 
0.3822% 
0.5654% 
0.5811% 
0.4052% 
0.5322% 
0.6264% 
0.5151% 
0.7296% 
0.7559% 
0.8431% 
0.7392% 
0.9125% 
0.6720% 
0.9088% 
0.8438% 
0.8220% 
62 
0.5191% 
0.4523% 
0.3822% 
0.5654% 
0.5811% 
0.4234% 
0.5322% 
0.6264% 
0.5156% 
0.7307% 
0.7711% 
0.8431% 
0.7392% 
0.9158% 
0.6720% 
0.9088% 
0.8438% 
0.8563% 
63 
0.5320% 
0.4523% 
0.3822% 
0.5654% 
0.5896% 
0.4234% 
0.5391% 
0.6264% 
0.5156% 
0.7437% 
0.7714% 
0.8431% 
0.7473% 
0.9158% 
0.6720% 
0.9088% 
0.8613% 
0.8585% 
64 
0.5320% 
0.4523% 
0.3822% 
0.5654% 
0.6012% 
0.4234% 
0.5391% 
0.6264% 
0.5404% 
0.7437% 
0.7714% 
0.8513% 
0.7473% 
0.9161% 
0.6720% 
0.9178% 
0.8613% 
0.8585% 
65 
0.5320% 
0.4523% 
0.3921% 
0.5654% 
0.6012% 
0.4234% 
0.5391% 
0.6399% 
0.5405% 
0.7437% 
0.7735% 
0.8513% 
0.7476% 
0.9161% 
0.6855% 
0.9191% 
0.8613% 
0.8585% 
66 
0.5320% 
0.4623% 
0.3921% 
0.5654% 
0.6012% 
0.4256% 
0.5476% 
0.6399% 
0.5453% 
0.7460% 
0.7735% 
0.8513% 
0.7476% 
0.9216% 
0.6855% 
0.9191% 
0.8613% 
 
67 
0.5454% 
0.4623% 
0.3921% 
0.5654% 
0.6015% 
0.4329% 
0.5476% 
0.6399% 
0.5520% 
0.7460% 
0.7735% 
0.8513% 
0.7538% 
0.9216% 
0.6855% 
0.9191% 
 
 
68 
0.5454% 
0.4623% 
0.3921% 
0.5654% 
0.6065% 
0.4329% 
0.5476% 
0.6497% 
0.5520% 
0.7460% 
0.7735% 
0.8515% 
0.7538% 
0.9216% 
0.6855% 
 
 
 
69 
0.5467% 
0.4623% 
0.3921% 
0.5734% 
0.6065% 
0.4329% 
0.5476% 
0.6511% 
0.5520% 
0.7460% 
0.7871% 
0.8515% 
0.7538% 
0.9216% 
 
 
 
 
70 
0.5469% 
0.4623% 
0.3921% 
0.5738% 
0.6065% 
0.4439% 
0.5476% 
0.6511% 
0.5520% 
0.7623% 
0.7871% 
0.8515% 
0.7538% 
 
 
 
 
 
71 
0.5469% 
0.4652% 
0.3921% 
0.5738% 
0.6137% 
0.4439% 
0.5476% 
0.6511% 
0.5535% 
0.7623% 
0.7871% 
0.8515% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
72 
0.5476% 
0.4652% 
0.3921% 
0.5738% 
0.6137% 
0.4439% 
0.5476% 
0.6550% 
0.5535% 
0.7623% 
0.7871% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
73 
0.5478% 
0.4655% 
0.4072% 
0.5738% 
0.6137% 
0.4439% 
0.5504% 
0.6550% 
0.5535% 
0.7623% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
74 
0.5478% 
0.4713% 
0.4072% 
0.5741% 
0.6137% 
0.4439% 
0.5510% 
0.6550% 
0.5535% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
75 
0.5482% 
0.4713% 
0.4072% 
0.5741% 
0.6144% 
0.4439% 
0.5524% 
0.6550% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
76 
0.5482% 
0.4713% 
0.4072% 
0.5830% 
0.6161% 
0.4439% 
0.5524% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
77 
0.5485% 
0.4713% 
0.4072% 
0.5830% 
0.6161% 
0.4439% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
78 
0.5485% 
0.4713% 
0.4072% 
0.5830% 
0.6161% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
79 
0.5558% 
0.4713% 
0.4110% 
0.5830% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
80 
0.5558% 
0.4713% 
0.4110% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
81 
0.5558% 
0.4713% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
82 
0.5558% 
83 
 
84 
 
85 
 
86 
 
87 
 
88 
 
89 
 
90 
 
91 
 
92 
 
93 
 
94 
 
95 
 
96 
 
97 
 
98 
 
99 
 
100 
 
101 
 
102 
 
103 
 
104 
 
105 
 
106 
 
107 
 
108 
 
109 
 
110 
 
111 
 
112 
 
113 
 
114 
 
115 
 
116 
 
117 
 
118 
 
119 
 
120

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
Total 
 
Sum Contract Value 
118,018,465.19 
165,487,904.87 
168,327,656.74 
145,447,643.78 
178,979,979.36 
173,849,282.07 
207,929,805.97 
187,435,104.46 
220,266,914.12 
187,154,589.35 
199,055,340.12 
94,296,876.54 
185,133,293.46 
224,942,428.47 
186,087,550.22 
168,425,997.85 
174,152,270.03 
194,620,400.19 
Number of contract 
7,530 
10,400 
10,204 
8,749 
10,909 
10,432 
12,234 
10,977 
12,876 
10,783 
11,586 
5,603 
10,783 
13,388 
10,911 
9,663 
10,361 
11,491 
Age 
09-2018 
10-2018 
11-2018 
12-2018 
01-2019 
02-2019 
03-2019 
04-2019 
05-2019 
06-2019 
07-2019 
08-2019 
09-2019 
10-2019 
11-2019 
12-2019 
01-2020 
02-2020 
1 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
3 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0295% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0221% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
4 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0295% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0080% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0221% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
5 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0295% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0080% 
0.0000% 
0.0132% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0221% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
6 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0160% 
0.0000% 
0.0295% 
0.0030% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0156% 
0.0000% 
0.0132% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0359% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
7 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0107% 
0.0000% 
0.0160% 
0.0000% 
0.0295% 
0.0166% 
0.0063% 
0.0000% 
0.0156% 
0.0000% 
0.0132% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0359% 
0.0000% 
0.0030% 
8 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0107% 
0.0000% 
0.0160% 
0.0000% 
0.0295% 
0.0166% 
0.0190% 
0.0000% 
0.0156% 
0.0000% 
0.0132% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0359% 
0.0000% 
0.0030% 
9 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0107% 
0.0000% 
0.0160% 
0.0000% 
0.0295% 
0.0166% 
0.0190% 
0.0000% 
0.0156% 
0.0000% 
0.0132% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0359% 
0.0000% 
0.0030% 
10 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0107% 
0.0583% 
0.0160% 
0.0000% 
0.0295% 
0.0166% 
0.0482% 
0.0000% 
0.0156% 
0.0170% 
0.0132% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0359% 
0.0000% 
0.0030% 
11 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0661% 
0.0583% 
0.0160% 
0.0000% 
0.0295% 
0.1179% 
0.0482% 
0.0000% 
0.0156% 
0.0170% 
0.0132% 
0.0000% 
0.0113% 
0.0466% 
0.0000% 
0.0030% 
12 
0.0000% 
0.1287% 
0.0661% 
0.0583% 
0.0160% 
0.0000% 
0.1730% 
0.1179% 
0.0482% 
0.0868% 
0.0197% 
0.0170% 
0.0200% 
0.0560% 
0.0113% 
0.0466% 
0.0000% 
0.0030% 
13 
0.0911% 
0.1463% 
0.0838% 
0.0583% 
0.0160% 
0.1641% 
0.1864% 
0.1305% 
0.1707% 
0.0868% 
0.0215% 
0.0443% 
0.1073% 
0.0560% 
0.0113% 
0.0466% 
0.0000% 
0.0167% 
14 
0.0911% 
0.1463% 
0.0838% 
0.0583% 
0.1708% 
0.1641% 
0.1953% 
0.1620% 
0.1707% 
0.0868% 
0.0351% 
0.3386% 
0.1073% 
0.0560% 
0.0113% 
0.0466% 
0.1727% 
0.0167% 
15 
0.0911% 
0.1463% 
0.0838% 
0.3548% 
0.1772% 
0.1641% 
0.3020% 
0.1624% 
0.1735% 
0.0868% 
0.2172% 
0.3386% 
0.1073% 
0.0560% 
0.0213% 
0.3227% 
0.1727% 
0.0167% 
16 
0.0911% 
0.1463% 
0.2703% 
0.3548% 
0.1772% 
0.2430% 
0.3020% 
0.1624% 
0.1735% 
0.2000% 
0.2172% 
0.3529% 
0.1095% 
0.0560% 
0.2275% 
0.3227% 
0.1727% 
0.0878% 
17 
0.0911% 
0.3040% 
0.2703% 
0.3548% 
0.2581% 
0.2439% 
0.3058% 
0.1633% 
0.2752% 
0.2000% 
0.2172% 
0.3529% 
0.1095% 
0.1278% 
0.2275% 
0.3260% 
0.2253% 
0.0922% 
18 
0.1983% 
0.3040% 
0.2703% 
0.4369% 
0.2581% 
0.2439% 
0.3058% 
0.2490% 
0.2752% 
0.2153% 
0.2172% 
0.3529% 
0.1463% 
0.1281% 
0.2293% 
0.4775% 
0.2253% 
0.0922% 
19 
0.1983% 
0.3059% 
0.3486% 
0.4369% 
0.2581% 
0.2439% 
0.4664% 
0.2490% 
0.2755% 
0.2153% 
0.2172% 
0.5183% 
0.1545% 
0.1300% 
0.3195% 
0.4775% 
0.2253% 
0.0922% 
20 
0.1983% 
0.3574% 
0.3486% 
0.4369% 
0.2632% 
0.4091% 
0.4720% 
0.2490% 
0.2755% 
0.2153% 
0.3628% 
0.5183% 
0.1545% 
0.2548% 
0.3195% 
0.4775% 
0.2253% 
0.2085% 
21 
0.3074% 
0.3574% 
0.3565% 
0.4369% 
0.2978% 
0.4091% 
0.4720% 
0.2676% 
0.2987% 
0.2970% 
0.3628% 
0.5183% 
0.2596% 
0.2700% 
0.3195% 
0.4775% 
0.3117% 
0.2085% 
22 
0.3074% 
0.3574% 
0.3565% 
0.4943% 
0.3063% 
0.4091% 
0.4720% 
0.2755% 
0.4029% 
0.2970% 
0.3628% 
0.6289% 
0.2596% 
0.2700% 
0.3195% 
0.5573% 
0.3117% 
0.2085% 
23 
0.3074% 
0.3574% 
0.3715% 
0.4943% 
0.3063% 
0.4091% 
0.5048% 
0.3613% 
0.4029% 
0.2970% 
0.4184% 
0.6289% 
0.2697% 
0.2700% 
0.4285% 
0.5573% 
0.3117% 
0.2085% 
24 
0.3074% 
0.4401% 
0.3715% 
0.4943% 
0.3332% 
0.4091% 
0.5590% 
0.3613% 
0.4029% 
0.3969% 
0.4234% 
0.6289% 
0.2697% 
0.3351% 
0.4285% 
0.5573% 
0.3117% 
0.2085% 
25 
0.3984% 
0.4446% 
0.3715% 
0.5134% 
0.3332% 
0.5540% 
0.5618% 
0.3613% 
0.4700% 
0.4018% 
0.4234% 
0.6289% 
0.3509% 
0.3375% 
0.4285% 
0.5687% 
0.3117% 
0.2759% 
26 
0.3984% 
0.4499% 
0.3715% 
0.5152% 
0.4381% 
0.5540% 
0.5618% 
0.4073% 
0.4783% 
0.4054% 
0.4234% 
0.7086% 
0.3509% 
0.3375% 
0.4285% 
0.5687% 
0.3387% 
0.2759% 
27 
0.3984% 
0.4658% 
0.3715% 
0.6685% 
0.4441% 
0.5558% 
0.6073% 
0.4073% 
0.4783% 
0.4054% 
0.5223% 
0.7086% 
0.3509% 
0.3394% 
0.4285% 
0.6392% 
0.3387% 
0.3088% 
28 
0.3984% 
0.4666% 
0.4632% 
0.6732% 
0.4450% 
0.6513% 
0.6195% 
0.4073% 
0.4806% 
0.4962% 
0.5223% 
0.7086% 
0.3509% 
0.3394% 
0.5082% 
0.6392% 
0.3463% 
0.3372% 
29 
0.3984% 
0.5060% 
0.4632% 
0.6732% 
0.5188% 
0.6532% 
0.6195% 
0.4073% 
0.4996% 
0.4996% 
0.5223% 
0.7328% 
0.3509% 
0.3849% 
0.5082% 
0.6430% 
0.3839% 
0.3457% 
30 
0.4933% 
0.5060% 
0.4711% 
0.7649% 
0.5215% 
0.6653% 
0.6195% 
0.4322% 
0.4996% 
0.4996% 
0.5390% 
0.7328% 
0.4096% 
0.3889% 
0.5082% 
0.7012% 
0.3839% 
0.3457% 
31 
0.4933% 
0.5074% 
0.5320% 
0.7649% 
0.5215% 
0.6678% 
0.6725% 
0.4322% 
0.4996% 
0.4996% 
0.5409% 
0.8267% 
0.4096% 
0.3889% 
0.5537% 
0.7012% 
0.3839% 
0.3486% 
32 
0.5089% 
0.5813% 
0.5320% 
0.7649% 
0.5215% 
0.7398% 
0.6725% 
0.4322% 
0.5017% 
0.5016% 
0.6043% 
0.8267% 
0.4252% 
0.4140% 
0.5646% 
0.7012% 
0.3839% 
0.4326% 
33 
0.5360% 
0.5862% 
0.5320% 
0.7649% 
0.5911% 
0.7398% 
0.6725% 
0.4413% 
0.5037% 
0.5486% 
0.6043% 
0.8501% 
0.4385% 
0.4158% 
0.5646% 
0.7012% 
0.4306% 
0.4326% 
34 
0.5360% 
0.5909% 
0.5434% 
0.8458% 
0.5939% 
0.7398% 
0.6760% 
0.4413% 
0.5428% 
0.5486% 
0.6043% 
0.8992% 
0.4385% 
0.4158% 
0.5646% 
0.7782% 
0.4306% 
0.4326% 
35 
0.5360% 
0.5909% 
0.6223% 
0.8458% 
0.5939% 
0.7419% 
0.6779% 
0.4950% 
0.5428% 
0.5486% 
0.6382% 
0.9161% 
0.4385% 
0.4176% 
0.6477% 
0.8081% 
0.4306% 
0.4326% 
36 
0.5360% 
0.6587% 
0.6223% 
0.8458% 
0.5946% 
0.7419% 
0.7740% 
0.4950% 
0.5430% 
0.5740% 
0.6382% 
0.9161% 
0.4385% 
0.4777% 
0.6477% 
0.8081% 
0.4306% 
0.4326% 
37 
0.5554% 
0.6708% 
0.6223% 
0.8489% 
0.6011% 
0.7849% 
0.7864% 
0.4961% 
0.5760% 
0.5740% 
0.6391% 
0.9161% 
0.4905% 
0.4777% 
0.6477% 
0.8081% 
0.4306% 
0.4827% 
38 
0.5554% 
0.6708% 
0.6261% 
0.8489% 
0.6452% 
0.7849% 
0.7914% 
0.5078% 
0.5760% 
0.5741% 
0.6391% 
1.0485% 
0.4974% 
0.4777% 
0.6477% 
0.8081% 
0.4560% 
0.4827% 
39 
0.5554% 
0.6727% 
0.6261% 
0.9052% 
0.6452% 
0.8018% 
0.8276% 
0.5078% 
0.5760% 
0.5911% 
0.6775% 
1.0485% 
0.4974% 
0.4777% 
0.6477% 
0.8671% 
0.4560% 
0.4827% 
40 
0.5554% 
0.6735% 
0.6838% 
0.9096% 
0.6475% 
0.8439% 
0.8276% 
0.5078% 
0.5834% 
0.6160% 
0.6799% 
1.0485% 
0.4974% 
0.4777% 
0.6574% 
0.8671% 
0.4560% 
0.4982% 
41 
0.5554% 
0.7113% 
0.6838% 
0.9119% 
0.6833% 
0.8439% 
0.8276% 
0.5080% 
0.6292% 
0.6269% 
0.6799% 
1.0485% 
0.4974% 
0.5190% 
0.6593% 
0.8671% 
0.4725% 
0.4982% 
42 
0.5570% 
0.7113% 
0.6880% 
0.9338% 
0.6833% 
0.8439% 
0.8355% 
0.5843% 
0.6292% 
0.6269% 
0.6829% 
1.0485% 
0.5341% 
0.5195% 
0.6667% 
0.8671% 
0.4725% 
0.4982% 
43 
0.5570% 
0.7113% 
0.6949% 
0.9338% 
0.6906% 
0.8439% 
0.8913% 
0.5843% 
0.6301% 
0.6320% 
0.6829% 
1.0785% 
0.5341% 
0.5195% 
0.6957% 
0.8671% 
0.4725% 
0.4982% 
44 
0.5570% 
0.7443% 
0.6949% 
0.9338% 
0.6937% 
0.9113% 
0.8913% 
0.5899% 
0.6301% 
0.6320% 
0.7467% 
1.0785% 
0.5496% 
0.5507% 
0.6957% 
0.8685% 
0.4725% 
0.5459% 
45 
0.5671% 
0.7453% 
0.7056% 
0.9338% 
0.7628% 
0.9153% 
0.8913% 
0.5899% 
0.6413% 
0.7311% 
0.7467% 
1.0785% 
0.5938% 
0.5507% 
0.6969% 
0.8685% 
0.5239% 
0.5508% 
46 
0.5706% 
0.7453% 
0.7056% 
1.0206% 
0.7628% 
0.9153% 
0.8913% 
0.5899% 
0.7462% 
0.7317% 
0.7467% 
1.0939% 
0.5938% 
0.5507% 
0.6969% 
0.8790% 
0.5239% 
0.5508% 
47 
0.5706% 
0.7453% 
0.7739% 
1.0206% 
0.7628% 
0.9153% 
0.8913% 
0.6296% 
0.7462% 
0.7317% 
0.7601% 
1.0939% 
0.5938% 
0.5525% 
0.7147% 
0.8790% 
0.5239% 
0.5508% 
48 
0.5706% 
0.7546% 
0.7860% 
1.0209% 
0.7628% 
0.9174% 
0.9516% 
0.6296% 
0.7486% 
0.7685% 
0.7601% 
1.0939% 
0.5938% 
0.5924% 
0.7147% 
0.8828% 
0.5239% 
 
49 
0.5997% 
0.7546% 
0.7860% 
1.0209% 
0.7628% 
0.9490% 
0.9516% 
0.6296% 
0.7702% 
0.7685% 
0.7668% 
1.0939% 
0.6127% 
0.5924% 
0.7147% 
0.8828% 
 
 
50 
0.5997% 
0.7546% 
0.7860% 
1.0209% 
0.7728% 
0.9539% 
0.9516% 
0.6296% 
0.7702% 
0.7685% 
0.7668% 
1.1039% 
0.6127% 
0.5939% 
0.7147% 
 
 
 
51 
0.5997% 
0.7598% 
0.7875% 
1.0608% 
0.7728% 
0.9539% 
0.9666% 
0.6296% 
0.7702% 
0.7685% 
0.7885% 
1.1039% 
0.6127% 
0.5939% 
 
 
 
 
52 
0.5997% 
0.7598% 
0.8166% 
1.0608% 
0.7728% 
0.9727% 
0.9726% 
0.6296% 
0.7702% 
0.7833% 
0.7885% 
1.1039% 
0.6127% 
 
 
 
 
 
53 
0.5997% 
0.7691% 
0.8166% 
1.0608% 
0.7936% 
0.9727% 
0.9726% 
0.6296% 
0.7702% 
0.7889% 
0.7885% 
1.1039% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
54 
0.6282% 
0.7691% 
0.8199% 
1.0615% 
0.7936% 
0.9727% 
0.9726% 
0.6337% 
0.7702% 
0.7903% 
0.7885% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
55 
0.6282% 
0.7732% 
0.8292% 
1.0615% 
0.7936% 
0.9730% 
0.9957% 
0.6337% 
0.7702% 
0.7903% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
56 
0.6282% 
0.7920% 
0.8292% 
1.0615% 
0.7936% 
0.9903% 
0.9957% 
0.6345% 
0.7702% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
57 
0.6422% 
0.7920% 
0.8292% 
1.0623% 
0.8079% 
0.9903% 
0.9957% 
0.6345% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
58 
0.6422% 
0.7920% 
0.8292% 
1.0722% 
0.8079% 
0.9903% 
0.9957% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
59 
0.6422% 
0.7920% 
0.8502% 
1.0722% 
0.8079% 
0.9903% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
60 
0.6431% 
0.8189% 
0.8511% 
1.0722% 
0.8079% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
61 
0.6705% 
0.8189% 
0.8511% 
1.0722% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
62 
0.6705% 
0.8232% 
0.8511% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
63 
0.6743% 
0.8232% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
64 
0.6743%

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
Total 
 
Sum Contract Value 
58,644,705.43 
2,179,729.67 
139,332,764.52 
198,197,738.67 
205,577,105.93 
122,746,302.82 
200,048,819.39 
204,654,027.94 
200,790,636.74 
214,415,321.09 
194,804,286.41 
221,765,239.82 
253,036,325.78 
209,568,769.41 
222,605,567.44 
239,769,700.14 
195,633,080.76 
131,840,712.05 
Number of contract 
3,552 
138 
8,204 
11,333 
11,551 
7,084 
11,696 
11,328 
11,080 
11,690 
10,796 
12,390 
13,989 
11,593 
12,034 
13,209 
11,013 
7,333 
Age 
03-2020 
04-2020 
05-2020 
06-2020 
07-2020 
08-2020 
09-2020 
10-2020 
11-2020 
12-2020 
01-2021 
02-2021 
03-2021 
04-2021 
05-2021 
06-2021 
07-2021 
08-2021 
1 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
3 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0126% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
4 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0126% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0129% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
5 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0126% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0565% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
6 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0280% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0565% 
0.0000% 
0.0281% 
7 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0005% 
0.0000% 
0.0280% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0565% 
0.0000% 
0.0281% 
8 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0005% 
0.0000% 
0.0280% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0120% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0096% 
0.0565% 
0.0147% 
0.0281% 
9 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0099% 
0.0280% 
0.0000% 
0.0280% 
0.0000% 
0.0095% 
0.0000% 
0.0092% 
0.0120% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0096% 
0.0759% 
0.0147% 
0.0281% 
10 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0099% 
0.0280% 
0.0209% 
0.0280% 
0.0000% 
0.0095% 
0.0534% 
0.0092% 
0.0120% 
0.0043% 
0.0000% 
0.0321% 
0.0759% 
0.0147% 
0.1002% 
11 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0099% 
0.0481% 
0.0209% 
0.0280% 
0.0000% 
0.0777% 
0.0534% 
0.0092% 
0.0120% 
0.0043% 
0.0349% 
0.0321% 
0.0759% 
0.0403% 
0.1148% 
12 
0.0099% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0460% 
0.0481% 
0.0209% 
0.0280% 
0.1057% 
0.0777% 
0.0534% 
0.0202% 
0.0120% 
0.1046% 
0.0349% 
0.0321% 
0.1398% 
0.0403% 
0.1148% 
13 
0.0099% 
0.0000% 
0.0729% 
0.0460% 
0.0481% 
0.0209% 
0.1269% 
0.1057% 
0.0777% 
0.0534% 
0.0202% 
0.0830% 
0.1046% 
0.0349% 
0.0568% 
0.1401% 
0.0403% 
0.1148% 
14 
0.0099% 
0.0000% 
0.0729% 
0.0460% 
0.0481% 
0.0932% 
0.1269% 
0.1057% 
0.0777% 
0.0534% 
0.1004% 
0.0830% 
0.1046% 
0.0795% 
0.0568% 
0.1401% 
0.0403% 
0.1965% 
15 
0.0497% 
0.0000% 
0.0729% 
0.0460% 
0.1592% 
0.0932% 
0.1269% 
0.1057% 
0.0777% 
0.2173% 
0.1091% 
0.0830% 
0.1352% 
0.0795% 
0.0568% 
0.1567% 
0.1283% 
0.1965% 
16 
0.0497% 
0.0000% 
0.0729% 
0.1829% 
0.1592% 
0.0932% 
0.1269% 
0.1057% 
0.1892% 
0.2173% 
0.1272% 
0.1038% 
0.1439% 
0.0795% 
0.0568% 
0.1965% 
0.1283% 
0.1965% 
17 
0.0497% 
0.0000% 
0.1493% 
0.1829% 
0.1592% 
0.0932% 
0.1269% 
0.2013% 
0.1892% 
0.2173% 
0.1362% 
0.1121% 
0.1439% 
0.0795% 
0.1286% 
0.2021% 
0.1283% 
0.1965% 
18 
0.0497% 
0.0000% 
0.1493% 
0.1829% 
0.1601% 
0.0932% 
0.2178% 
0.2042% 
0.1892% 
0.2862% 
0.1362% 
0.1121% 
0.1439% 
0.1362% 
0.1286% 
0.2021% 
0.1293% 
0.1965% 
19 
0.1047% 
0.0000% 
0.1493% 
0.1831% 
0.1643% 
0.1860% 
0.2178% 
0.2042% 
0.2182% 
0.3080% 
0.1362% 
0.1121% 
0.2250% 
0.1385% 
0.1318% 
0.2021% 
0.1293% 
0.2088% 
20 
0.1047% 
0.0000% 
0.1493% 
0.1831% 
0.2833% 
0.2066% 
0.2178% 
0.2563% 
0.2182% 
0.3287% 
0.1362% 
0.1566% 
0.2250% 
0.1578% 
0.1318% 
0.2112% 
0.1762% 
0.2088% 
21 
0.1047% 
0.0000% 
0.1493% 
0.2829% 
0.2925% 
0.2066% 
0.2534% 
0.2563% 
0.2182% 
0.3287% 
0.2327% 
0.1566% 
0.2250% 
0.1578% 
0.1318% 
0.2993% 
0.1762% 
0.2088% 
22 
0.1047% 
0.0000% 
0.2025% 
0.2829% 
0.2925% 
0.2492% 
0.2534% 
0.2563% 
0.2182% 
0.3319% 
0.2327% 
0.1566% 
0.2250% 
0.1778% 
0.2225% 
0.2993% 
0.2010% 
0.2491% 
23 
0.1047% 
0.0000% 
0.2025% 
0.2920% 
0.3332% 
0.2492% 
0.2534% 
0.2563% 
0.2303% 
0.3415% 
0.2327% 
0.1566% 
0.2250% 
0.2253% 
0.2225% 
0.2993% 
0.2063% 
0.2491% 
24 
0.1461% 
0.0000% 
0.2052% 
0.3166% 
0.3332% 
0.2492% 
0.2534% 
0.3265% 
0.2303% 
0.3415% 
0.2327% 
0.1566% 
0.2608% 
0.2297% 
0.2225% 
0.3118% 
0.2069% 
0.2491% 
25 
0.1534% 
0.0000% 
0.2102% 
0.3166% 
0.3469% 
0.2492% 
0.2888% 
0.3335% 
0.2303% 
0.3415% 
0.2360% 
0.2154% 
0.2670% 
0.2297% 
0.2225% 
0.3118% 
0.2069% 
0.2548% 
26 
0.1534% 
0.0000% 
0.2102% 
0.3247% 
0.3469% 
0.2643% 
0.2888% 
0.3335% 
0.2303% 
0.3448% 
0.2974% 
0.2154% 
0.2781% 
0.2616% 
0.2254% 
0.3118% 
0.2069% 
0.2989% 
27 
0.1790% 
0.0000% 
0.2102% 
0.3247% 
0.4087% 
0.2643% 
0.2888% 
0.3335% 
0.2303% 
0.4079% 
0.3017% 
0.2154% 
0.3034% 
0.2632% 
0.2254% 
0.3118% 
0.2549% 
0.2989% 
28 
0.1790% 
0.1769% 
0.2102% 
0.4006% 
0.4123% 
0.2643% 
0.2902% 
0.3335% 
0.2768% 
0.4104% 
0.3091% 
0.2467% 
0.3034% 
0.2632% 
0.2254% 
0.3467% 
0.2577% 
0.3050% 
29 
0.1790% 
0.1769% 
0.2790% 
0.4006% 
0.4150% 
0.2643% 
0.2902% 
0.4035% 
0.2787% 
0.4104% 
0.3091% 
0.2467% 
0.3034% 
0.2632% 
0.2419% 
0.3488% 
0.2577% 
0.3050% 
30 
0.1790% 
0.1769% 
0.2872% 
0.4006% 
0.4150% 
0.2643% 
0.3285% 
0.4035% 
0.2787% 
0.4347% 
0.3091% 
0.2471% 
0.3034% 
0.2924% 
0.2428% 
0.3488% 
0.2577% 
 
31 
0.2437% 
0.1769% 
0.2872% 
0.4072% 
0.4165% 
0.3219% 
0.3285% 
0.4065% 
0.3223% 
0.4347% 
0.3091% 
0.2471% 
0.3340% 
0.2964% 
0.2428% 
0.3488% 
 
 
32 
0.2437% 
0.1769% 
0.2872% 
0.4072% 
0.4558% 
0.3377% 
0.3285% 
0.4065% 
0.3223% 
0.4347% 
0.3091% 
0.2630% 
0.3340% 
0.2964% 
0.2428% 
 
 
 
33 
0.2437% 
0.1769% 
0.2872% 
0.4649% 
0.4567% 
0.3377% 
0.3307% 
0.4093% 
0.3223% 
0.4358% 
0.3640% 
0.2630% 
0.3340% 
0.2964% 
 
 
 
 
34 
0.2437% 
0.1769% 
0.3862% 
0.4692% 
0.4605% 
0.3461% 
0.3307% 
0.4093% 
0.3223% 
0.4706% 
0.3640% 
0.2630% 
0.3340% 
 
 
 
 
 
35 
0.2437% 
0.7549% 
0.3973% 
0.4692% 
0.4697% 
0.3461% 
0.3307% 
0.4093% 
0.3484% 
0.4706% 
0.3640% 
0.2630% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
36 
0.2437% 
0.7549% 
0.3973% 
0.4946% 
0.4697% 
0.3461% 
0.3331% 
0.4251% 
0.3548% 
0.4706% 
0.3640% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
37 
0.2437% 
0.7549% 
0.4031% 
0.4946% 
0.4716% 
0.3461% 
0.3680% 
0.4251% 
0.3548% 
0.4706% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
38 
0.2437% 
0.7549% 
0.4031% 
0.4946% 
0.4738% 
0.3668% 
0.3742% 
0.4251% 
0.3548% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
39 
0.2859% 
0.7549% 
0.4031% 
0.4950% 
0.4856% 
0.3668% 
0.3742% 
0.4251% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
40 
0.2859% 
0.7549% 
0.4031% 
0.5364% 
0.4856% 
0.3668% 
0.3742% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
41 
0.2859% 
0.7549% 
0.4381% 
0.5364% 
0.4887% 
0.3668% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
42 
0.2859% 
0.7549% 
0.4381% 
0.5364% 
0.4887% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
43 
0.3320% 
0.7549% 
0.4381% 
0.5364% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
44 
0.3320% 
0.7549% 
0.4381% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
45 
0.3320% 
0.7549% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
46 
0.3320%

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
Total 
 
Sum Contract Value 
191,368,083.72 
164,334,548.08 
193,637,666.30 
166,260,949.18 
147,429,440.06 
187,020,239.79 
237,088,565.44 
195,895,703.74 
252,926,890.05 
237,429,989.01 
196,020,715.35 
134,749,457.87 
203,741,476.64 
197,249,102.92 
188,674,641.84 
153,757,794.11 
186,242,840.86 
204,227,440.42 
Number of contract 
11,086 
9,460 
10,932 
9,408 
8,586 
10,530 
12,869 
10,628 
13,794 
12,804 
10,699 
7,633 
11,168 
10,836 
10,249 
8,504 
10,233 
11,069 
Age 
09-2021 
10-2021 
11-2021 
12-2021 
01-2022 
02-2022 
03-2022 
04-2022 
05-2022 
06-2022 
07-2022 
08-2022 
09-2022 
10-2022 
11-2022 
12-2022 
01-2023 
02-2023 
1 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0099% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0139% 
0.0238% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0099% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
3 
0.0000% 
0.0192% 
0.0275% 
0.0139% 
0.0238% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0099% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0129% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
4 
0.0000% 
0.0192% 
0.0275% 
0.0139% 
0.0238% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0099% 
0.0000% 
0.0156% 
0.0092% 
0.0273% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
5 
0.0111% 
0.0336% 
0.0275% 
0.0139% 
0.0238% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0099% 
0.0000% 
0.0156% 
0.0092% 
0.0273% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
6 
0.0111% 
0.0336% 
0.0275% 
0.0139% 
0.0238% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0099% 
0.0000% 
0.0156% 
0.0122% 
0.0273% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
7 
0.0111% 
0.0336% 
0.0580% 
0.0139% 
0.0238% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0099% 
0.0000% 
0.0156% 
0.0122% 
0.0273% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
8 
0.0111% 
0.0559% 
0.0580% 
0.0139% 
0.0238% 
0.0259% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0099% 
0.0000% 
0.0156% 
0.0148% 
0.0273% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0086% 
9 
0.0111% 
0.0559% 
0.0580% 
0.0139% 
0.0634% 
0.0259% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0123% 
0.0097% 
0.0156% 
0.0185% 
0.0321% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0369% 
0.0086% 
10 
0.0123% 
0.0559% 
0.0580% 
0.0506% 
0.0634% 
0.0259% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0582% 
0.0142% 
0.0163% 
0.0185% 
0.0334% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0449% 
0.0369% 
0.0086% 
11 
0.0123% 
0.0559% 
0.1237% 
0.0506% 
0.0634% 
0.0259% 
0.0057% 
0.0647% 
0.0582% 
0.0169% 
0.0524% 
0.0197% 
0.0334% 
0.0000% 
0.0327% 
0.0449% 
0.0369% 
0.0086% 
12 
0.0123% 
0.1856% 
0.1237% 
0.0506% 
0.0634% 
0.0259% 
0.0381% 
0.0647% 
0.0582% 
0.0523% 
0.0524% 
0.0220% 
0.0334% 
0.0980% 
0.0327% 
0.0449% 
0.0369% 
 
13 
0.0901% 
0.1856% 
0.1237% 
0.0506% 
0.0634% 
0.0619% 
0.0381% 
0.0673% 
0.0603% 
0.0523% 
0.0524% 
0.0224% 
0.0984% 
0.0980% 
0.0327% 
0.0449% 
 
 
14 
0.0901% 
0.1856% 
0.1239% 
0.0506% 
0.1893% 
0.0619% 
0.0381% 
0.0799% 
0.0608% 
0.0523% 
0.0524% 
0.0514% 
0.0984% 
0.1000% 
0.0327% 
 
 
 
15 
0.0901% 
0.1856% 
0.1239% 
0.0734% 
0.1908% 
0.0619% 
0.0485% 
0.0799% 
0.0608% 
0.0523% 
0.0969% 
0.0514% 
0.0984% 
0.1000% 
 
 
 
 
16 
0.0901% 
0.1856% 
0.1766% 
0.0734% 
0.1908% 
0.0683% 
0.0510% 
0.0799% 
0.0608% 
0.1067% 
0.0969% 
0.0514% 
0.0984% 
 
 
 
 
 
17 
0.0901% 
0.2366% 
0.1840% 
0.0734% 
0.2051% 
0.0683% 
0.0510% 
0.0799% 
0.0954% 
0.1067% 
0.0969% 
0.0514% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
18 
0.1401% 
0.2366% 
0.1840% 
0.0734% 
0.2051% 
0.0683% 
0.0510% 
0.0934% 
0.1008% 
0.1067% 
0.0969% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
19 
0.1401% 
0.2404% 
0.2048% 
0.0734% 
0.2051% 
0.0683% 
0.0809% 
0.0934% 
0.1008% 
0.1067% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
20 
0.1436% 
0.2636% 
0.2048% 
0.0734% 
0.2051% 
0.0913% 
0.0818% 
0.0964% 
0.1008% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
21 
0.1814% 
0.2689% 
0.2073% 
0.0734% 
0.2124% 
0.0913% 
0.0818% 
0.0964% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
22 
0.1814% 
0.2689% 
0.2073% 
0.1334% 
0.2124% 
0.0913% 
0.0818% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
23 
0.1814% 
0.2689% 
0.2234% 
0.1373% 
0.2124% 
0.0913% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
24 
0.1814% 
0.2914% 
0.2234% 
0.1373% 
0.2124% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
25 
0.2527% 
0.2914% 
0.2234% 
0.1373% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
26 
0.2527% 
0.2914% 
0.2234% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
27 
0.2559% 
0.2914% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
28 
0.2559%

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
Total 
 
Sum Contract Value 
219,239,761.52 
170,800,007.74 
219,118,708.93 
221,456,047.92 
198,286,570.34 
143,995,008.13 
233,340,870.80 
239,880,858.94 
228,409,132.99 
247,278,188.59 
Number of contract 
11,754 
9,148 
11,376 
11,389 
10,129 
7,326 
11,396 
11,410 
10,631 
11,091 
Age 
03-2023 
04-2023 
05-2023 
06-2023 
07-2023 
08-2023 
09-2023 
10-2023 
11-2023 
12-2023 
1 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
3 
0.0000% 
0.0190% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
4 
0.0000% 
0.0190% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
5 
0.0000% 
0.0190% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
6 
0.0000% 
0.0480% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
7 
0.0431% 
0.0480% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%  
 
 
 
 
 
8 
0.0431% 
0.0480% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9 
0.0431% 
0.0480% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
10 
0.0431%

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
Classic Credit – New 
VLC Product: Classic Credit, Condition: New 
 
Sum Contract Value 
63,308,339.46 
67,894,799.25 
69,647,958.21 
64,648,028.99 
67,585,748.87 
62,668,749.44 
69,981,500.78 
35,902,197.36 
59,164,462.15 
71,103,487.42 
56,583,183.63 
65,464,650.00 
49,077,709.26 
53,221,802.28 
66,387,724.80 
63,121,098.15 
61,941,339.38 
68,687,472.74 
68,633,667.19 
32,969,505.88 
57,742,481.93 
65,797,204.08 
71,433,816.83 
73,766,333.76 
55,810,279.29 
60,179,361.51 
80,367,646.78 
66,957,493.09 
72,529,283.01 
68,450,180.15 
61,932,609.83 
Number of contract 
4,940 
5,345 
5,536 
5,047 
5,167 
4,706 
5,428 
2,782 
4,596 
5,472 
4,225 
4,766 
3,691 
4,051 
5,096 
5,019 
4,825 
5,397 
5,414 
2,595 
4,530 
5,082 
5,521 
5,570 
4,255 
4,606 
6,228 
5,291 
5,712 
5,359 
4,851 
Age 
01-2014 
02-2014 
03-2014 
04-2014 
05-2014 
06-2014 
07-2014 
08-2014 
09-2014 
10-2014 
11-2014 
12-2014 
01-2015 
02-2015 
03-2015 
04-2015 
05-2015 
06-2015 
07-2015 
08-2015 
09-2015 
10-2015 
11-2015 
12-2015 
01-2016 
02-2016 
03-2016 
04-2016 
05-2016 
06-2016 
07-2016 
1 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
3 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0171% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
4 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0213% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0478% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0760% 
0.0171% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
5 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0213% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0478% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0760% 
0.0171% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
6 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0213% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0809% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0760% 
0.0171% 
0.0000% 
0.0289% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
7 
0.0000% 
0.0618% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0213% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0313% 
0.0730% 
0.0809% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0420% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0153% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0607% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0760% 
0.0171% 
0.0000% 
0.0289% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
8 
0.0000% 
0.0618% 
0.0000% 
0.0228% 
0.0213% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0786% 
0.0730% 
0.0809% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0420% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0153% 
0.0000% 
0.1120% 
0.0607% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0760% 
0.0171% 
0.0000% 
0.0289% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
9 
0.0000% 
0.0618% 
0.0367% 
0.0580% 
0.0429% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0455% 
0.0786% 
0.0730% 
0.0809% 
0.0460% 
0.0000% 
0.0420% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0153% 
0.0211% 
0.1120% 
0.0607% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2298% 
0.0760% 
0.0171% 
0.0000% 
0.0289% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
10 
0.0364% 
0.0618% 
0.0367% 
0.0580% 
0.0600% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0455% 
0.0786% 
0.0730% 
0.2651% 
0.0460% 
0.0000% 
0.0420% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3677% 
0.0211% 
0.1120% 
0.0607% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0832% 
0.2298% 
0.0760% 
0.0171% 
0.0000% 
0.0289% 
0.0384% 
0.0000% 
11 
0.0364% 
0.0618% 
0.0367% 
0.0580% 
0.0600% 
0.0000% 
0.0477% 
0.0000% 
0.0455% 
0.0786% 
0.4571% 
0.2651% 
0.0460% 
0.0000% 
0.0420% 
0.0000% 
0.4428% 
0.3677% 
0.0211% 
0.1120% 
0.0607% 
0.0000% 
0.3291% 
0.0832% 
0.2298% 
0.0760% 
0.0171% 
0.0000% 
0.1102% 
0.0384% 
0.0000% 
12 
0.0364% 
0.0618% 
0.0945% 
0.0889% 
0.0600% 
0.1498% 
0.0477% 
0.0000% 
0.0455% 
0.4285% 
0.5510% 
0.2651% 
0.0460% 
0.0000% 
0.0420% 
0.2210% 
0.4428% 
0.3677% 
0.0211% 
0.1120% 
0.0607% 
0.0238% 
0.3291% 
0.0832% 
0.2298% 
0.0760% 
0.0171% 
0.1929% 
0.1102% 
0.0384% 
0.0000% 
13 
0.0687% 
0.2431% 
0.0945% 
0.1032% 
0.2271% 
0.1498% 
0.0477% 
0.0000% 
0.3497% 
0.4285% 
0.5510% 
0.2651% 
0.0460% 
0.0000% 
0.2654% 
0.2210% 
0.4428% 
0.3677% 
0.0211% 
0.1120% 
0.1581% 
0.0238% 
0.3291% 
0.0832% 
0.2298% 
0.0760% 
0.0841% 
0.1929% 
0.1102% 
0.0384% 
0.0000% 
14 
0.1792% 
0.2431% 
0.0945% 
0.1494% 
0.2271% 
0.1498% 
0.0477% 
0.4191% 
0.3497% 
0.4285% 
0.5510% 
0.2651% 
0.0460% 
0.4864% 
0.2654% 
0.2210% 
0.4428% 
0.3677% 
0.0211% 
0.4059% 
0.1581% 
0.0238% 
0.3291% 
0.0832% 
0.2298% 
0.1724% 
0.0841% 
0.1929% 
0.1102% 
0.0384% 
0.0000% 
15 
0.1792% 
0.2431% 
0.1254% 
0.1494% 
0.2271% 
0.1498% 
0.1761% 
0.4191% 
0.3497% 
0.4285% 
0.5510% 
0.2651% 
0.2662% 
0.4864% 
0.2654% 
0.2210% 
0.4428% 
0.3677% 
0.2966% 
0.4059% 
0.1581% 
0.0238% 
0.3291% 
0.0832% 
0.3191% 
0.2302% 
0.0841% 
0.1929% 
0.1102% 
0.0384% 
0.0741% 
16 
0.1792% 
0.3200% 
0.1254% 
0.1494% 
0.2271% 
0.2593% 
0.1962% 
0.4191% 
0.3497% 
0.4285% 
0.5510% 
0.4438% 
0.2931% 
0.4864% 
0.2654% 
0.2210% 
0.4428% 
0.4484% 
0.2966% 
0.4059% 
0.1581% 
0.0238% 
0.3291% 
0.1192% 
0.3191% 
0.2302% 
0.0841% 
0.1929% 
0.1102% 
0.1226% 
0.0741% 
17 
0.2089% 
0.3200% 
0.1254% 
0.1695% 
0.4005% 
0.2593% 
0.1962% 
0.4191% 
0.3501% 
0.4285% 
0.7138% 
0.4438% 
0.2931% 
0.4864% 
0.2654% 
0.2210% 
0.6806% 
0.4484% 
0.2966% 
0.4059% 
0.1581% 
0.0238% 
0.4404% 
0.1192% 
0.3191% 
0.2376% 
0.0841% 
0.1929% 
0.1869% 
0.1267% 
0.0741% 
18 
0.2089% 
0.3200% 
0.1372% 
0.2892% 
0.4005% 
0.2593% 
0.1962% 
0.4191% 
0.3579% 
0.6135% 
0.7806% 
0.4438% 
0.3167% 
0.4864% 
0.2654% 
0.2210% 
0.6806% 
0.4484% 
0.2966% 
0.4059% 
0.1581% 
0.1693% 
0.4404% 
0.1192% 
0.3191% 
0.2376% 
0.0841% 
0.3975% 
0.1869% 
0.1267% 
0.0741% 
19 
0.2089% 
0.3200% 
0.2145% 
0.2892% 
0.4005% 
0.2593% 
0.2395% 
0.4191% 
0.4451% 
0.6135% 
0.7806% 
0.4438% 
0.3167% 
0.4864% 
0.3213% 
0.2210% 
0.6806% 
0.4484% 
0.2966% 
0.4059% 
0.1581% 
0.1693% 
0.4691% 
0.1192% 
0.3191% 
0.2376% 
0.1629% 
0.3975% 
0.1869% 
0.1267% 
0.0741% 
20 
0.2089% 
0.5009% 
0.2145% 
0.2892% 
0.4005% 
0.2593% 
0.2395% 
0.6831% 
0.4451% 
0.6135% 
0.7806% 
0.4438% 
0.3167% 
0.5194% 
0.3213% 
0.2210% 
0.7066% 
0.4484% 
0.2966% 
0.5316% 
0.1581% 
0.1693% 
0.4691% 
0.1192% 
0.3191% 
0.2376% 
0.1629% 
0.3975% 
0.1869% 
0.1267% 
0.0741% 
21 
0.2089% 
0.5009% 
0.2145% 
0.2892% 
0.4140% 
0.2593% 
0.3651% 
0.6831% 
0.4451% 
0.6135% 
0.7806% 
0.4438% 
0.3167% 
0.5194% 
0.3213% 
0.2210% 
0.7066% 
0.4484% 
0.4522% 
0.5316% 
0.1874% 
0.1693% 
0.4691% 
0.1192% 
0.4535% 
0.2505% 
0.1629% 
0.3975% 
0.1869% 
0.1267% 
0.1324% 
22 
0.2089% 
0.5009% 
0.2147% 
0.2892% 
0.4140% 
0.3825% 
0.3651% 
0.6831% 
0.4451% 
0.6135% 
0.7806% 
0.5306% 
0.3167% 
0.5194% 
0.3213% 
0.2229% 
0.7066% 
0.5404% 
0.4522% 
0.5316% 
0.1874% 
0.1693% 
0.5489% 
0.2353% 
0.4535% 
0.2505% 
0.1988% 
0.3975% 
0.1869% 
0.1781% 
0.1324% 
23 
0.2089% 
0.5009% 
0.2147% 
0.2892% 
0.4857% 
0.3825% 
0.3651% 
0.6831% 
0.4451% 
0.6246% 
0.8614% 
0.5306% 
0.3167% 
0.5194% 
0.3213% 
0.2229% 
0.7528% 
0.5404% 
0.4522% 
0.5316% 
0.1874% 
0.1693% 
0.6399% 
0.2353% 
0.4535% 
0.2505% 
0.1988% 
0.3975% 
0.2132% 
0.1781% 
0.1324% 
24 
0.2089% 
0.5009% 
0.2147% 
0.2892% 
0.4857% 
0.3825% 
0.3651% 
0.6831% 
0.4451% 
0.7222% 
0.8614% 
0.5306% 
0.3230% 
0.5194% 
0.3213% 
0.2806% 
0.7528% 
0.5404% 
0.4522% 
0.5316% 
0.1874% 
0.1848% 
0.6399% 
0.2353% 
0.4535% 
0.2505% 
0.1988% 
0.5143% 
0.2132% 
0.1781% 
0.1324% 
25 
0.2089% 
0.5009% 
0.2478% 
0.2892% 
0.4857% 
0.3825% 
0.3651% 
0.6831% 
0.5947% 
0.7222% 
0.8614% 
0.5306% 
0.3230% 
0.5194% 
0.3821% 
0.2806% 
0.7528% 
0.5404% 
0.4522% 
0.5316% 
0.2274% 
0.1848% 
0.6399% 
0.2353% 
0.4535% 
0.2505% 
0.2161% 
0.5143% 
0.2132% 
0.1781% 
0.1324% 
26 
0.2089% 
0.5009% 
0.2478% 
0.2892% 
0.4857% 
0.3860% 
0.3651% 
0.7923% 
0.5947% 
0.7222% 
0.8614% 
0.5306% 
0.3349% 
0.5584% 
0.3821% 
0.2806% 
0.7528% 
0.5404% 
0.4522% 
0.5925% 
0.2274% 
0.1848% 
0.6399% 
0.2353% 
0.4535% 
0.3044% 
0.2161% 
0.5143% 
0.2132% 
0.1781% 
0.1324% 
27 
0.2359% 
0.5009% 
0.2478% 
0.2892% 
0.4857% 
0.3860% 
0.5200% 
0.7923% 
0.5947% 
0.7324% 
0.8614% 
0.5306% 
0.4050% 
0.5584% 
0.3821% 
0.2806% 
0.7594% 
0.5404% 
0.4857% 
0.5925% 
0.2274% 
0.1848% 
0.6399% 
0.2353% 
0.5040% 
0.3044% 
0.2161% 
0.5143% 
0.2132% 
0.1781% 
0.1615% 
28 
0.2359% 
0.5009% 
0.2478% 
0.2892% 
0.4857% 
0.4721% 
0.5408% 
0.7923% 
0.5947% 
0.7324% 
0.8614% 
0.5555% 
0.4050% 
0.5584% 
0.3821% 
0.2806% 
0.7594% 
0.6354% 
0.4857% 
0.5925% 
0.2274% 
0.1848% 
0.6399% 
0.2643% 
0.5040% 
0.3044% 
0.2209% 
0.5143% 
0.2132% 
0.2136% 
0.1615% 
29 
0.2359% 
0.5009% 
0.2478% 
0.2892% 
0.5539% 
0.4756% 
0.5408% 
0.7923% 
0.5947% 
0.7324% 
0.9653% 
0.5555% 
0.4050% 
0.5584% 
0.3821% 
0.3028% 
0.8225% 
0.6354% 
0.4857% 
0.5925% 
0.2274% 
0.1848% 
0.7140% 
0.2643% 
0.5040% 
0.3044% 
0.2209% 
0.5143% 
0.3232% 
0.2136% 
0.1615% 
30 
0.2359% 
0.5009% 
0.2478% 
0.3246% 
0.5666% 
0.4756% 
0.5408% 
0.7923% 
0.5947% 
0.7668% 
0.9653% 
0.5555% 
0.4050% 
0.5584% 
0.3821% 
0.3312% 
0.8225% 
0.6354% 
0.4857% 
0.5925% 
0.2274% 
0.2620% 
0.7360% 
0.2643% 
0.5460% 
0.3044% 
0.2209% 
0.5467% 
0.3232% 
0.2136% 
0.1615% 
31 
0.2359% 
0.5009% 
0.2761% 
0.3246% 
0.5666% 
0.4756% 
0.5408% 
0.7923% 
0.5947% 
0.7668% 
0.9653% 
0.5555% 
0.4050% 
0.5584% 
0.4027% 
0.3312% 
0.8225% 
0.6354% 
0.4857% 
0.5925% 
0.3092% 
0.4017% 
0.7360% 
0.2643% 
0.5630% 
0.3044% 
0.2514% 
0.5549% 
0.3232% 
0.2136% 
0.1772% 
32 
0.2359% 
0.5466% 
0.2761% 
0.3246% 
0.5666% 
0.4756% 
0.5408% 
0.8542% 
0.5947% 
0.7668% 
0.9705% 
0.5555% 
0.4050% 
0.5734% 
0.4088% 
0.3312% 
0.8225% 
0.6354% 
0.4884% 
0.6223% 
0.3928% 
0.4017% 
0.7360% 
0.2643% 
0.5630% 
0.3298% 
0.2514% 
0.5549% 
0.3232% 
0.2136% 
0.1959% 
33 
0.2838% 
0.5466% 
0.2761% 
0.3246% 
0.5666% 
0.4756% 
0.5774% 
0.8542% 
0.5947% 
0.7668% 
0.9705% 
0.5690% 
0.4215% 
0.5734% 
0.4088% 
0.3455% 
0.8225% 
0.6354% 
0.5484% 
0.6223% 
0.3928% 
0.4017% 
0.7360% 
0.2643% 
0.5756% 
0.3298% 
0.2607% 
0.5549% 
0.3232% 
0.2195% 
0.1981% 
34 
0.2838% 
0.5466% 
0.2761% 
0.3246% 
0.5666% 
0.5358% 
0.5774% 
0.8542% 
0.5947% 
0.7977% 
0.9705% 
0.6489% 
0.4215% 
0.5734% 
0.4228% 
0.3455% 
0.8225% 
0.7027% 
0.5484% 
0.6223% 
0.3928% 
0.4017% 
0.7360% 
0.2643% 
0.5756% 
0.3298% 
0.2607% 
0.5549% 
0.3232% 
0.2386% 
0.1981% 
35 
0.2881% 
0.5466% 
0.2761% 
0.3246% 
0.5666% 
0.5358% 
0.5774% 
0.8542% 
0.5947% 
0.7977% 
1.0235% 
0.6489% 
0.4215% 
0.5734% 
0.4228% 
0.3455% 
0.8447% 
0.7027% 
0.5485% 
0.6223% 
0.3978% 
0.4017% 
0.7573% 
0.2643% 
0.5756% 
0.3298% 
0.2607% 
0.5549% 
0.3717% 
0.2386% 
0.1981% 
36 
0.2881% 
0.5466% 
0.2761% 
0.3409% 
0.5666% 
0.5358% 
0.5774% 
0.8542% 
0.5996% 
0.8629% 
1.0235% 
0.6489% 
0.4215% 
0.5734% 
0.4228% 
0.3486% 
0.8447% 
0.7027% 
0.5485% 
0.6223% 
0.3978% 
0.4787% 
0.7573% 
0.2643% 
0.5756% 
0.3298% 
0.2607% 
0.5970% 
0.3717% 
0.2386% 
0.2076% 
37 
0.2881% 
0.5472% 
0.2907% 
0.3409% 
0.5666% 
0.5358% 
0.5774% 
0.8542% 
0.6479% 
0.8629% 
1.0235% 
0.6489% 
0.4215% 
0.5982% 
0.4633% 
0.3486% 
0.8447% 
0.7027% 
0.5485% 
0.6223% 
0.4421% 
0.4787% 
0.7642% 
0.2643% 
0.5756% 
0.3298% 
0.3207% 
0.5970% 
0.3717% 
0.2386% 
0.2076% 
38 
0.2881% 
0.5797% 
0.2907% 
0.3409% 
0.5666% 
0.5358% 
0.5774% 
0.9382% 
0.6479% 
0.8629% 
1.0235% 
0.6489% 
0.4215% 
0.6279% 
0.4633% 
0.3486% 
0.8447% 
0.7027% 
0.5485% 
0.6556% 
0.4421% 
0.4787% 
0.7642% 
0.2643% 
0.5756% 
0.3341% 
0.3207% 
0.5970% 
0.3717% 
0.2386% 
0.2076% 
39 
0.3841% 
0.5797% 
0.2931% 
0.3409% 
0.5666% 
0.5358% 
0.6465% 
0.9382% 
0.6479% 
0.8629% 
1.0235% 
0.6542% 
0.4389% 
0.6279% 
0.4633% 
0.3486% 
0.8447% 
0.7027% 
0.6001% 
0.6556% 
0.4421% 
0.4787% 
0.7807% 
0.2643% 
0.5843% 
0.3341% 
0.3207% 
0.6042% 
0.3717% 
0.2386% 
0.2579% 
40 
0.3841% 
0.5797% 
0.2931% 
0.3409% 
0.5671% 
0.5499% 
0.6473% 
0.9382% 
0.6479% 
0.8629% 
1.0360% 
0.6770% 
0.4389% 
0.6279% 
0.4633% 
0.3486% 
0.8447% 
0.7207% 
0.6001% 
0.6556% 
0.4421% 
0.4787% 
0.7807% 
0.2786% 
0.5843% 
0.3341% 
0.3234% 
0.6042% 
0.3717% 
0.2409% 
0.2579% 
41 
0.4007% 
0.5797% 
0.2964% 
0.3410% 
0.6254% 
0.5499% 
0.6642% 
0.9382% 
0.6479% 
0.8629% 
1.0737% 
0.6770% 
0.4389% 
0.6279% 
0.4789% 
0.3486% 
0.8752% 
0.7207% 
0.6001% 
0.6556% 
0.4421% 
0.4787% 
0.8446% 
0.2831% 
0.5843% 
0.3341% 
0.3234% 
0.6042% 
0.4143% 
0.2409% 
0.2579% 
42 
0.4007% 
0.5797% 
0.2964% 
0.3768% 
0.6375% 
0.5499% 
0.6642% 
0.9382% 
0.6479% 
0.9308% 
1.0745% 
0.6770% 
0.4389% 
0.6291% 
0.4789% 
0.3584% 
0.8752% 
0.7207% 
0.6001% 
0.6556% 
0.4479% 
0.5033% 
0.8618% 
0.2831% 
0.5861% 
0.3341% 
0.3234% 
0.6153% 
0.4143% 
0.2409% 
0.2579% 
43 
0.4007% 
0.5797% 
0.3109% 
0.3768% 
0.6375% 
0.5499% 
0.6642% 
0.9382% 
0.6961% 
0.9308% 
1.0774% 
0.6770% 
0.4389% 
0.6291% 
0.5376% 
0.3584% 
0.8752% 
0.7207% 
0.6001% 
0.6556% 
0.4899% 
0.5033% 
0.8618% 
0.2831% 
0.5861% 
0.3341% 
0.3403% 
0.6153% 
0.4143% 
0.2409% 
0.2579% 
44 
0.4094% 
0.6006% 
0.3109% 
0.3768% 
0.6375% 
0.5499% 
0.6642% 
0.9490% 
0.7111% 
0.9308% 
1.0774% 
0.6795% 
0.4389% 
0.6291% 
0.5376% 
0.3584% 
0.8752% 
0.7207% 
0.6001% 
0.6556% 
0.4899% 
0.5033% 
0.8618% 
0.2831% 
0.5861% 
0.3341% 
0.3403% 
0.6153% 
0.4143% 
0.2409% 
0.3092% 
45 
0.4524% 
0.6006% 
0.3109% 
0.3768% 
0.6375% 
0.5499% 
0.6659% 
0.9490% 
0.7111% 
0.9308% 
1.0774% 
0.6795% 
0.4705% 
0.6317% 
0.5519% 
0.3584% 
0.8752% 
0.7207% 
0.6439% 
0.6556% 
0.4899% 
0.5033% 
0.8618% 
0.2831% 
0.6061% 
0.3341% 
0.3403% 
0.6153% 
0.4143% 
0.2522% 
0.3092% 
46 
0.4524% 
0.6006% 
0.3142% 
0.3768% 
0.6375% 
0.6041% 
0.6659% 
0.9490% 
0.7111% 
0.9308% 
1.0774% 
0.6919% 
0.4801% 
0.6317% 
0.5519% 
0.3597% 
0.8752% 
0.7262% 
0.6450% 
0.6556% 
0.4899% 
0.5033% 
0.8618% 
0.3152% 
0.6061% 
0.3341% 
0.3403% 
0.6153% 
0.4275% 
0.2522% 
0.3092% 
47 
0.4524% 
0.6006% 
0.3142% 
0.3768% 
0.6788% 
0.6041% 
0.6659% 
0.9490% 
0.7111% 
0.9308% 
1.0978% 
0.6919% 
0.4801% 
0.6317% 
0.5541% 
0.3597% 
0.8752% 
0.7262% 
0.6450% 
0.6556% 
0.4899% 
0.5033% 
0.8634% 
0.3152% 
0.6061% 
0.3341% 
0.3403% 
0.6439% 
0.4275% 
0.2522% 
0.3092% 
48 
0.4545% 
0.6006% 
0.3188% 
0.3768% 
0.6788% 
0.6041% 
0.6659% 
0.9490% 
0.7111% 
0.9832% 
1.0978% 
0.6919% 
0.4801% 
0.6317% 
0.5541% 
0.3634% 
0.8840% 
0.7262% 
0.6450% 
0.6556% 
0.4899% 
0.5176% 
0.8673% 
0.3152% 
0.6061% 
0.3341% 
0.3449% 
0.6439% 
0.4275% 
0.2535% 
0.3220% 
49 
0.4545% 
0.6006% 
0.3290% 
0.3768% 
0.6788% 
0.6046% 
0.6663% 
0.9490% 
0.7470% 
0.9832% 
1.0978% 
0.7522% 
0.4801% 
0.6429% 
0.6062% 
0.3634% 
0.8840% 
0.7262% 
0.6474% 
0.6556% 
0.4899% 
0.5176% 
0.8673% 
0.3152% 
0.6061% 
0.3479% 
0.3710% 
0.6493% 
0.4463% 
0.2535% 
0.3220% 
50 
0.4545% 
0.6179% 
0.3290% 
0.3768% 
0.6788% 
0.6233% 
0.6663% 
0.9590% 
0.7470% 
0.9832% 
1.0978% 
0.7522% 
0.4801% 
0.6529% 
0.6062% 
0.3634% 
0.8840% 
0.7262% 
0.6474% 
0.6704% 
0.4899% 
0.5176% 
0.8673% 
0.3152% 
0.6419% 
0.3479% 
0.3710% 
0.6584% 
0.4463% 
0.2535% 
0.3224% 
51 
0.4822% 
0.6179% 
0.3290% 
0.3808% 
0.6862% 
0.6233% 
0.6663% 
0.9661% 
0.7470% 
0.9832% 
1.0978% 
0.7522% 
0.4892% 
0.6529% 
0.6062% 
0.3634% 
0.8912% 
0.7262% 
0.6615% 
0.6704% 
0.4899% 
0.5176% 
0.8699% 
0.3402% 
0.6419% 
0.3479% 
0.3710% 
0.6726% 
0.4463% 
0.2583% 
0.3323% 
52 
0.4822% 
0.6179% 
0.3290% 
0.3808% 
0.6862% 
0.6380% 
0.6746% 
0.9661% 
0.7470% 
0.9832% 
1.0978% 
0.7857% 
0.4892% 
0.6552% 
0.6062% 
0.3639% 
0.8912% 
0.7558% 
0.6615% 
0.6704% 
0.4899% 
0.5176% 
0.8848% 
0.3402% 
0.6419% 
0.3587% 
0.3710% 
0.6726% 
0.4463% 
0.2583% 
0.3330% 
53 
0.4822% 
0.6179% 
0.3290% 
0.3808% 
0.7120% 
0.6380% 
0.6746% 
0.9661% 
0.7566% 
0.9832% 
1.1408% 
0.7857% 
0.4892% 
0.6552% 
0.6062% 
0.3656% 
0.8912% 
0.7563% 
0.6658% 
0.6704% 
0.4899% 
0.5390% 
0.8917% 
0.3402% 
0.6419% 
0.3607% 
0.3710% 
0.6726% 
0.4463% 
0.2624% 
0.3437% 
54 
0.4822% 
0.6179% 
0.3290% 
0.3926% 
0.7120% 
0.6380% 
0.6746% 
0.9661% 
0.7590% 
1.0244% 
1.1408% 
0.7857% 
0.4892% 
0.6552% 
0.6062% 
0.3733% 
0.8912% 
0.7563% 
0.6671% 
0.6704% 
0.5268% 
0.5390% 
0.8917% 
0.3402% 
0.6419% 
0.3607% 
0.3712% 
0.6726% 
0.4463% 
0.2624% 
0.3437% 
55 
0.4822% 
0.6179% 
0.3290% 
0.3926% 
0.7120% 
0.6380% 
0.6746% 
0.9661% 
0.7666% 
1.0244% 
1.1408% 
0.7857% 
0.4892% 
0.6552% 
0.6180% 
0.3795% 
0.8912% 
0.7563% 
0.6671% 
0.7194% 
0.5268% 
0.5390% 
0.8917% 
0.3619% 
0.6419% 
0.3607% 
0.3757% 
0.6726% 
0.4463% 
0.2624% 
0.3437% 
56 
0.4822% 
0.6218% 
0.3328% 
0.3926% 
0.7275% 
0.6380% 
0.6746% 
0.9999% 
0.7666% 
1.0244% 
1.1408% 
0.7857% 
0.4892% 
0.6604% 
0.6192% 
0.3795% 
0.8912% 
0.7563% 
0.6937% 
0.7194% 
0.5268% 
0.5486% 
0.8917% 
0.3619% 
0.6451% 
0.3613% 
0.3757% 
0.6726% 
0.4463% 
0.2630% 
0.3728% 
57 
0.4846% 
0.6218% 
0.3328% 
0.3931% 
0.7275% 
0.6380% 
0.6863% 
0.9999% 
0.7683% 
1.0244% 
1.1408% 
0.7857% 
0.5064% 
0.6604% 
0.6192% 
0.3795% 
0.8920% 
0.7647% 
0.7261% 
0.7194% 
0.5268% 
0.5486% 
0.8917% 
0.3619% 
0.6451% 
0.3613% 
0.3757% 
0.6726% 
0.4477% 
0.2852% 
0.3728% 
58 
0.4846% 
0.6218% 
0.3328% 
0.3931% 
0.7500% 
0.6445% 
0.6863% 
1.0031% 
0.7683% 
1.0244% 
1.1408% 
0.7943% 
0.5070% 
0.6604% 
0.6192% 
0.3795% 
0.9189% 
0.7647% 
0.7261% 
0.7194% 
0.5268% 
0.5486% 
0.8917% 
0.3637% 
0.6515% 
0.3613% 
0.3757% 
0.6726% 
0.4840% 
0.2852% 
0.3884% 
59 
0.4846% 
0.6218% 
0.3328% 
0.3931% 
0.7632% 
0.6445% 
0.6863% 
1.0031% 
0.7701% 
1.0244% 
1.1421% 
0.7943% 
0.5070% 
0.6604% 
0.6192% 
0.3795% 
0.9189% 
0.7647% 
0.7269% 
0.7194% 
0.5268% 
0.5486% 
0.8954% 
0.3637% 
0.6515% 
0.3617% 
0.3757% 
0.6726% 
0.4840% 
0.2852% 
0.3970% 
60 
0.4846% 
0.6218% 
0.3519% 
0.4191% 
0.7632% 
0.6445% 
0.6863% 
1.0031% 
0.7701% 
1.0276% 
1.1421% 
0.7943% 
0.5070% 
0.6604% 
0.6261% 
0.3795% 
0.9189% 
0.7655% 
0.7269% 
0.7194% 
0.5268% 
0.5524% 
0.9012% 
0.3637% 
0.6515% 
0.3617% 
0.3757% 
0.6726% 
0.4840% 
0.2920% 
0.3970% 
61 
0.4846% 
0.6218% 
0.3519% 
0.4191% 
0.7632% 
0.6445% 
0.6863% 
1.0031% 
0.7955% 
1.0276% 
1.1421% 
0.7943% 
0.5070% 
0.6913% 
0.6261% 
0.3795% 
0.9312% 
0.7655% 
0.7269% 
0.7194% 
0.5336% 
0.5524% 
0.9012% 
0.3689% 
0.6515% 
0.3785% 
0.3869% 
0.6726% 
0.5126% 
0.2920% 
0.3970% 
62 
0.4871% 
0.6218% 
0.3550% 
0.4191% 
0.7632% 
0.6445% 
0.6863% 
1.0273% 
0.7955% 
1.0276% 
1.1421% 
0.7943% 
0.5343% 
0.6913% 
0.6261% 
0.3795% 
0.9312% 
0.7655% 
0.7269% 
0.7345% 
0.5336% 
0.5524% 
0.9065% 
0.3689% 
0.6515% 
0.3785% 
0.3874% 
0.6726% 
0.5157% 
0.2920% 
0.3977% 
63 
0.4871% 
0.6218% 
0.3550% 
0.4191% 
0.7632% 
0.6445% 
0.7000% 
1.0273% 
0.7955% 
1.0276% 
1.1421% 
0.8025% 
0.5343% 
0.6913% 
0.6273% 
0.3795% 
0.9312% 
0.7655% 
0.7269% 
0.7345% 
0.5344% 
0.5531% 
0.9065% 
0.4206% 
0.6515% 
0.3785% 
0.3935% 
0.6747% 
0.5157% 
0.2920% 
0.4163% 
64 
0.4871% 
0.6237% 
0.3550% 
0.4191% 
0.7632% 
0.6526% 
0.7000% 
1.0273% 
0.7955% 
1.0276% 
1.1734% 
0.8025% 
0.5343% 
0.6913% 
0.6444% 
0.3795% 
0.9312% 
0.7698% 
0.7269% 
0.7345% 
0.5344% 
0.5559% 
0.9340% 
0.4206% 
0.6515% 
0.3831% 
0.3941% 
0.6747% 
0.5157% 
0.3076% 
0.4224% 
65 
0.4940% 
0.6237% 
0.3555% 
0.4191% 
0.7667% 
0.6526% 
0.7000% 
1.0273% 
0.7955% 
1.0276% 
1.1734% 
0.8038% 
0.5343% 
0.6913% 
0.6444% 
0.3795% 
0.9312% 
0.7698% 
0.7269% 
0.7345% 
0.5344% 
0.6286% 
0.9488% 
0.4206% 
0.6515% 
0.3880% 
0.3963% 
0.6747% 
0.5224% 
0.3076% 
0.4224% 
66 
0.4940% 
0.6237% 
0.3555% 
0.4191% 
0.7667% 
0.6526% 
0.7014% 
1.0300% 
0.7955% 
1.0293% 
1.1734% 
0.8128% 
0.5343% 
0.7017% 
0.6444% 
0.3884% 
0.9312% 
0.7706% 
0.7269% 
0.7345% 
0.5344% 
0.6286% 
0.9488% 
0.4206% 
0.6535% 
0.3880% 
0.3976% 
0.6759% 
0.5224% 
0.3076% 
0.4224% 
67 
0.4940% 
0.6237% 
0.3574% 
0.4191% 
0.7667% 
0.6540% 
0.7014% 
1.0300% 
0.7955% 
1.0293% 
1.1734% 
0.8128% 
0.5343% 
0.7087% 
0.6541% 
0.3884% 
0.9325% 
0.7726% 
0.7269% 
0.7345% 
0.5344% 
0.6286% 
0.9488% 
0.4206% 
0.6535% 
0.3880% 
0.4040% 
0.6759% 
0.5224% 
0.3102% 
0.4248% 
68 
0.4940% 
0.6244% 
0.3574% 
0.4191% 
0.7667% 
0.6540% 
0.7114% 
1.0300% 
0.7955% 
1.0313% 
1.1797% 
0.8128% 
0.5343% 
0.7175% 
0.6541% 
0.3884% 
0.9325% 
0.7731% 
0.7502% 
0.7399% 
0.5355% 
0.6441% 
0.9488% 
0.4206% 
0.6557% 
0.3903% 
0.4049% 
0.6764% 
0.5224% 
0.3102% 
0.4284% 
69 
0.4983% 
0.6244% 
0.3574% 
0.4191% 
0.7667% 
0.6540% 
0.7114% 
1.0300% 
0.7955% 
1.0313% 
1.1797% 
0.8128% 
0.5352% 
0.7175% 
0.6541% 
0.3884% 
0.9325% 
0.7764% 
0.7502% 
0.7399% 
0.5355% 
0.6441% 
0.9488% 
0.4206% 
0.6557% 
0.3903% 
0.4049% 
0.6774% 
0.5224% 
0.3191% 
0.4284% 
70 
0.4983% 
0.6244% 
0.3574% 
0.4191% 
0.7679% 
0.6540% 
0.7114% 
1.0320% 
0.7955% 
1.0313% 
1.1797% 
0.8128% 
0.5352% 
0.7175% 
0.6588% 
0.3884% 
0.9333% 
0.7764% 
0.7502% 
0.7399% 
0.5355% 
0.6441% 
0.9488% 
0.4206% 
0.6716% 
0.3903% 
0.4058% 
0.6774% 
0.5335% 
0.3191% 
0.4284% 
71 
0.4983% 
0.6244% 
0.3574% 
0.4459% 
0.7679% 
0.6540% 
0.7119% 
1.0320% 
0.7955% 
1.0322% 
1.1797% 
0.8128% 
0.5352% 
0.7175% 
0.6588% 
0.4044% 
0.9333% 
0.7848% 
0.7502% 
0.7399% 
0.5355% 
0.6441% 
0.9613% 
0.4206% 
0.6733% 
0.3903% 
0.4058% 
0.7235% 
0.5335% 
0.3191% 
0.4284% 
72 
0.4983% 
0.6244% 
0.3708% 
0.4459% 
0.7679% 
0.6540% 
0.7119% 
1.0320% 
0.7959% 
1.0330% 
1.1879% 
0.8128% 
0.5352% 
0.7175% 
0.6946% 
0.4044% 
0.9576% 
0.7958% 
0.7502% 
0.7399% 
0.5355% 
0.6441% 
0.9613% 
0.4206% 
0.6733% 
0.3903% 
0.4307% 
0.7235% 
0.5335% 
0.3199% 
0.4284% 
73 
0.4983% 
0.6304% 
0.3708% 
0.4459% 
0.7679% 
0.6540% 
0.7119% 
1.0320% 
0.7965% 
1.0330% 
1.1879% 
0.8134% 
0.5352% 
0.7475% 
0.6946% 
0.4044% 
0.9576% 
0.7958% 
0.7502% 
0.7399% 
0.5419% 
0.6441% 
0.9613% 
0.4206% 
0.6733% 
0.3903% 
0.4307% 
0.7235% 
0.5335% 
0.3199% 
0.4284% 
74 
0.5149% 
0.6304% 
0.3708% 
0.4459% 
0.7679% 
0.6540% 
0.7119% 
1.0320% 
0.7965% 
1.0330% 
1.1879% 
0.8134% 
0.5352% 
0.7475% 
0.6955% 
0.4113% 
0.9576% 
0.7958% 
0.7502% 
0.7444% 
0.5419% 
0.6441% 
0.9663% 
0.4242% 
0.6733% 
0.3903% 
0.4311% 
0.7235% 
0.5498% 
0.3199% 
0.4284% 
75 
0.5149% 
0.6304% 
0.3708% 
0.4459% 
0.7679% 
0.6540% 
0.7127% 
1.0320% 
0.7969% 
1.0330% 
1.1879% 
0.8134% 
0.5495% 
0.7475% 
0.6955% 
0.4113% 
0.9576% 
0.7958% 
0.7502% 
0.7444% 
0.5419% 
0.6441% 
0.9663% 
0.4250% 
0.6733% 
0.3903% 
0.4311% 
0.7235% 
0.5498% 
0.3199% 
0.4323% 
76 
0.5149% 
0.6304% 
0.3708% 
0.4459% 
0.7679% 
0.6540% 
0.7127% 
1.0320% 
0.7969% 
1.0341% 
1.2044% 
0.8134% 
0.5495% 
0.7475% 
0.6955% 
0.4113% 
0.9576% 
0.7958% 
0.7502% 
0.7444% 
0.5419% 
0.6441% 
0.9701% 
0.4250% 
0.6733% 
0.3903% 
0.4311% 
0.7235% 
0.5498% 
0.3559% 
0.4323% 
77 
0.5149% 
0.6304% 
0.3708% 
0.4459% 
0.7701% 
0.6545% 
0.7127% 
1.0320% 
0.7974% 
1.0341% 
1.2044% 
0.8134% 
0.5495% 
0.7475% 
0.6955% 
0.4113% 
0.9576% 
0.7958% 
0.7502% 
0.7444% 
0.5419% 
0.6441% 
0.9701% 
0.4250% 
0.6899% 
0.3903% 
0.4311% 
0.7235% 
0.5503% 
0.3559% 
0.4323% 
78 
0.5149% 
0.6304% 
0.3708% 
0.4459% 
0.7701% 
0.6545% 
0.7127% 
1.0320% 
0.7974% 
1.0436% 
1.2049% 
0.8195% 
0.5495% 
0.7475% 
0.6955% 
0.4245% 
0.9576% 
0.7958% 
0.7513% 
0.7444% 
0.5419% 
0.6441% 
0.9701% 
0.4272% 
0.6899% 
0.3903% 
0.4366% 
0.7267% 
0.5503% 
0.3559% 
0.4323% 
79 
0.5149% 
0.6304% 
0.3708% 
0.4459% 
0.7701% 
0.6545% 
0.7127% 
1.0610% 
0.7974% 
1.0447% 
1.2049% 
0.8195% 
0.5495% 
0.7475% 
0.7025% 
0.4245% 
0.9576% 
0.7958% 
0.7513% 
0.7444% 
0.5446% 
0.6441% 
0.9701% 
0.4272% 
0.6899% 
0.3903% 
0.4366% 
0.7267% 
0.5519% 
0.3559% 
0.4323% 
80 
0.5149% 
0.6304% 
0.3708% 
0.4459% 
0.7701% 
0.6545% 
0.7368% 
1.0610% 
0.7974% 
1.0447% 
1.2079% 
0.8195% 
0.5495% 
0.7495% 
0.7025% 
0.4245% 
0.9576% 
0.7958% 
0.7601% 
0.7444% 
0.5446% 
0.6441% 
0.9701% 
0.4272% 
0.6899% 
0.3942% 
0.4366% 
0.7274% 
0.5519% 
0.3562% 
0.4430% 
81 
0.5149% 
0.6304% 
0.3708% 
0.4459% 
0.7701% 
0.6545% 
0.7368% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0447% 
1.2079% 
0.8195% 
0.5640% 
0.7495% 
0.7025% 
0.4245% 
0.9576% 
0.8012% 
0.7601% 
0.7474% 
0.5446% 
0.6441% 
0.9701% 
0.4272% 
0.6906% 
0.3942% 
0.4366% 
0.7274% 
0.5519% 
0.3562% 
0.4430% 
82 
0.5149% 
0.6304% 
0.3708% 
0.4459% 
0.7885% 
0.6545% 
0.7368% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0447% 
1.2079% 
0.8226% 
0.5640% 
0.7495% 
0.7025% 
0.4245% 
0.9639% 
0.8012% 
0.7601% 
0.7474% 
0.5446% 
0.6471% 
0.9701% 
0.4345% 
0.6906% 
0.3942% 
0.4366% 
0.7274% 
0.5519% 
0.3562% 
0.4430% 
83 
0.5149% 
0.6304% 
0.3708% 
0.4525% 
0.7885% 
0.6545% 
0.7455% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0447% 
1.2079% 
0.8226% 
0.5640% 
0.7495% 
0.7025% 
0.4245% 
0.9639% 
0.8012% 
0.7601% 
0.7474% 
0.5446% 
0.6471% 
0.9701% 
0.4345% 
0.6906% 
0.3942% 
0.4366% 
0.7404% 
0.5519% 
0.3562% 
0.4625% 
84 
0.5149% 
0.6304% 
0.3708% 
0.4657% 
0.7885% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0555% 
1.2079% 
0.8226% 
0.5640% 
0.7495% 
0.7025% 
0.4245% 
0.9644% 
0.8012% 
0.7601% 
0.7474% 
0.5446% 
0.6471% 
0.9701% 
0.4345% 
0.6906% 
0.3942% 
0.4377% 
0.7404% 
0.5519% 
0.3563% 
0.4625% 
85 
0.5149% 
0.6304% 
0.3708% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0555% 
1.2079% 
0.8226% 
0.5640% 
0.7495% 
0.7025% 
0.4245% 
0.9644% 
0.8012% 
0.7601% 
0.7474% 
0.5457% 
0.6471% 
0.9701% 
0.4345% 
0.6906% 
0.3942% 
0.4377% 
0.7404% 
0.5519% 
0.3563% 
0.4625% 
86 
0.5149% 
0.6308% 
0.3708% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0555% 
1.2083% 
0.8226% 
0.5640% 
0.7495% 
0.7025% 
0.4245% 
0.9644% 
0.8012% 
0.7601% 
0.7474% 
0.5457% 
0.6471% 
0.9701% 
0.4345% 
0.6931% 
0.3942% 
0.4377% 
0.7426% 
0.5519% 
0.3563% 
0.4625% 
87 
0.5149% 
0.6308% 
0.3708% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0555% 
1.2083% 
0.8226% 
0.5640% 
0.7495% 
0.7025% 
0.4245% 
0.9644% 
0.8012% 
0.7601% 
0.7474% 
0.5457% 
0.6471% 
0.9701% 
0.4345% 
0.6931% 
0.3942% 
0.4377% 
0.7426% 
0.5519% 
0.3563% 
0.4625% 
88 
0.5149% 
0.6308% 
0.3708% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0555% 
1.2083% 
0.8226% 
0.5640% 
0.7495% 
0.7025% 
0.4245% 
0.9644% 
0.8012% 
0.7601% 
0.7474% 
0.5457% 
0.6471% 
0.9701% 
0.4345% 
0.6931% 
0.3942% 
0.4377% 
0.7426% 
0.5519% 
0.3563% 
0.4625% 
89 
0.5149% 
0.6308% 
0.3708% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0672% 
1.2083% 
0.8226% 
0.5640% 
0.7495% 
0.7113% 
0.4245% 
0.9644% 
0.8012% 
0.7601% 
0.7474% 
0.5457% 
0.6471% 
0.9701% 
0.4345% 
0.6931% 
0.3942% 
0.4377% 
0.7426% 
0.5519% 
0.3563% 
0.4625% 
90 
0.5149% 
0.6308% 
0.3708% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0672% 
1.2083% 
0.8267% 
0.5640% 
0.7495% 
0.7113% 
0.4245% 
0.9644% 
0.8012% 
0.7601% 
0.7474% 
0.5457% 
0.6471% 
0.9701% 
0.4345% 
0.6931% 
0.3942% 
0.4377% 
0.7426% 
0.5519% 
0.3563% 
0.4625% 
91 
0.5149% 
0.6308% 
0.3708% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0672% 
1.2083% 
0.8267% 
0.5640% 
0.7495% 
0.7212% 
0.4245% 
0.9644% 
0.8012% 
0.7601% 
0.7474% 
0.5457% 
0.6471% 
0.9701% 
0.4345% 
0.6931% 
0.3942% 
0.4377% 
0.7426% 
0.5519% 
0.3563% 
 
92 
0.5149% 
0.6308% 
0.3708% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0672% 
1.2083% 
0.8267% 
0.5640% 
0.7495% 
0.7212% 
0.4245% 
0.9644% 
0.8012% 
0.7601% 
0.7474% 
0.5457% 
0.6471% 
0.9701% 
0.4345% 
0.6931% 
0.3942% 
0.4377% 
0.7426% 
0.5519% 
 
 
93 
0.5149% 
0.6308% 
0.3708% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0672% 
1.2083% 
0.8267% 
0.5640% 
0.7495% 
0.7212% 
0.4245% 
0.9644% 
0.8012% 
0.7601% 
0.7474% 
0.5457% 
0.6471% 
0.9701% 
0.4345% 
0.6931% 
0.3942% 
0.4377% 
0.7426% 
 
 
 
94 
0.5149% 
0.6308% 
0.3708% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0672% 
1.2083% 
0.8267% 
0.5640% 
0.7495% 
0.7212% 
0.4245% 
0.9644% 
0.8012% 
0.7601% 
0.7474% 
0.5457% 
0.6471% 
0.9701% 
0.4345% 
0.6931% 
0.3942% 
0.4377% 
 
 
 
 
95 
0.5149% 
0.6308% 
0.3708% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0672% 
1.2083% 
0.8267% 
0.5640% 
0.7495% 
0.7212% 
0.4245% 
0.9644% 
0.8012% 
0.7601% 
0.7474% 
0.5457% 
0.6471% 
0.9701% 
0.4345% 
0.6931% 
0.3942% 
 
 
 
 
 
96 
0.5149% 
0.6308% 
0.3823% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0684% 
1.2083% 
0.8267% 
0.5643% 
0.7495% 
0.7212% 
0.4245% 
0.9644% 
0.8012% 
0.7601% 
0.7474% 
0.5457% 
0.6471% 
0.9701% 
0.4345% 
0.6931% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
97 
0.5149% 
0.6308% 
0.3823% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0684% 
1.2083% 
0.8267% 
0.5643% 
0.7495% 
0.7212% 
0.4245% 
0.9644% 
0.8012% 
0.7601% 
0.7474% 
0.5457% 
0.6471% 
0.9701% 
0.4345% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
98 
0.5149% 
0.6308% 
0.3823% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0684% 
1.2083% 
0.8267% 
0.5643% 
0.7495% 
0.7212% 
0.4245% 
0.9644% 
0.8012% 
0.7601% 
0.7474% 
0.5457% 
0.6471% 
0.9701% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
99 
0.5149% 
0.6308% 
0.3823% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0694% 
1.2083% 
0.8267% 
0.5643% 
0.7533% 
0.7212% 
0.4245% 
0.9644% 
0.8012% 
0.7601% 
0.7474% 
0.5457% 
0.6471% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
100 
0.5149% 
0.6308% 
0.3823% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0694% 
1.2083% 
0.8267% 
0.5643% 
0.7533% 
0.7212% 
0.4245% 
0.9644% 
0.8012% 
0.7601% 
0.7474% 
0.5457% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
101 
0.5149% 
0.6308% 
0.3823% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0694% 
1.2083% 
0.8267% 
0.5643% 
0.7533% 
0.7212% 
0.4245% 
0.9644% 
0.8012% 
0.7601% 
0.7474% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
102 
0.5282% 
0.6308% 
0.3823% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0694% 
1.2083% 
0.8267% 
0.5643% 
0.7533% 
0.7212% 
0.4245% 
0.9644% 
0.8012% 
0.7601% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
103 
0.5282% 
0.6308% 
0.3823% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0694% 
1.2083% 
0.8267% 
0.5643% 
0.7533% 
0.7212% 
0.4245% 
0.9644% 
0.8012% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
104 
0.5282% 
0.6308% 
0.3823% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0694% 
1.2083% 
0.8267% 
0.5643% 
0.7533% 
0.7212% 
0.4245% 
0.9644% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
105 
0.5282% 
0.6308% 
0.3823% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0694% 
1.2083% 
0.8267% 
0.5643% 
0.7533% 
0.7212% 
0.4245% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
106 
0.5282% 
0.6308% 
0.3823% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0694% 
1.2083% 
0.8267% 
0.5643% 
0.7533% 
0.7212% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
107 
0.5282% 
0.6308% 
0.3823% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0694% 
1.2083% 
0.8267% 
0.5643% 
0.7533% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
108 
0.5282% 
0.6308% 
0.3823% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0694% 
1.2083% 
0.8267% 
0.5643% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
109 
0.5282% 
0.6308% 
0.3823% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0694% 
1.2083% 
0.8267% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
110 
0.5282% 
0.6308% 
0.3823% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0694% 
1.2083% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
111 
0.5282% 
0.6308% 
0.3823% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
1.0694% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
112 
0.5282% 
0.6308% 
0.3823% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
0.7974% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
113 
0.5282% 
0.6308% 
0.3823% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
1.0695% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
114 
0.5282% 
0.6308% 
0.3823% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
0.7480% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
115 
0.5282% 
0.6308% 
0.3823% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
0.6545% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
116 
0.5282% 
0.6308% 
0.3823% 
0.4692% 
0.7972% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
117 
0.5282% 
0.6308% 
0.3823% 
0.4692% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
118 
0.5282% 
0.6308% 
0.3823% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
119 
0.5282% 
0.6308% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
120 
0.5282%

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
VLC Product: Classic Credit, Condition: New 
 
Sum Contract Value 
36,686,846.62 
74,407,763.44 
63,906,636.56 
73,177,436.28 
85,159,271.34 
64,122,865.80 
71,394,306.41 
84,669,577.37 
58,756,912.61 
76,994,503.35 
66,289,665.48 
49,613,671.86 
33,431,496.80 
56,376,436.57 
52,709,918.48 
52,270,449.92 
51,088,043.29 
56,909,608.03 
58,624,231.32 
72,006,976.14 
62,699,028.36 
74,371,485.15 
68,619,100.89 
52,239,546.00 
22,940,071.03 
27,616,728.71 
39,296,693.58 
42,235,516.32 
37,289,739.45 
40,368,495.90 
39,100,756.27 
Number of contract 
2,764 
5,743 
4,671 
5,247 
5,995 
5,024 
5,726 
6,839 
4,770 
6,067 
5,151 
3,781 
2,480 
4,133 
3,860 
3,725 
3,569 
4,237 
4,435 
5,267 
4,591 
5,420 
4,877 
3,760 
1,681 
1,923 
2,792 
2,878 
2,467 
2,788 
2,746
Age 
08-2016 
09-2016 
10-2016 
11-2016 
12-2016 
01-2017 
02-2017 
03-2017 
04-2017 
05-2017 
06-2017 
07-2017 
08-2017 
09-2017 
10-2017 
11-2017 
12-2017 
01-2018 
02-2018 
03-2018 
04-2018 
05-2018 
06-2018 
07-2018 
08-2018 
09-2018 
10-2018 
11-2018 
12-2018 
01-2019 
02-2019 
1 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
2 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
3 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0213% 
0.0530% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0136% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
4 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0213% 
0.0530% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0136% 
0.0255% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
5 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0213% 
0.0530% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0136% 
0.0255% 
0.0000% 
0.1040% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
6 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0420% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0213% 
0.0530% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0136% 
0.0255% 
0.0000% 
0.1040% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0202% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
7 
0.0000% 
0.0269% 
0.0420% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0213% 
0.0530% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0136% 
0.0255% 
0.0000% 
0.1040% 
0.0319% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0534% 
0.0202% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0426% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
8 
0.0000% 
0.0269% 
0.0420% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0213% 
0.0936% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0136% 
0.0255% 
0.0000% 
0.1412% 
0.0319% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1135% 
0.0534% 
0.0202% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0426% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
9 
0.0000% 
0.0269% 
0.0420% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1889% 
0.0936% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0136% 
0.0255% 
0.1766% 
0.1412% 
0.0319% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1135% 
0.0534% 
0.0202% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0426% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
10 
0.0000% 
0.0269% 
0.0420% 
0.0000% 
0.1484% 
0.1889% 
0.0936% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0136% 
0.1871% 
0.1766% 
0.1412% 
0.0319% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0268% 
0.0000% 
0.1135% 
0.0534% 
0.0890% 
0.0000% 
0.0935% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0426% 
0.1686% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
11 
0.0000% 
0.0269% 
0.0420% 
0.0760% 
0.1484% 
0.1889% 
0.0936% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0807% 
0.1871% 
0.1766% 
0.1412% 
0.0319% 
0.0000% 
0.0603% 
0.0268% 
0.0000% 
0.1135% 
0.0534% 
0.0890% 
0.1558% 
0.0935% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0940% 
0.1686% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
12 
0.0000% 
0.0269% 
0.2490% 
0.0760% 
0.1484% 
0.1889% 
0.0936% 
0.0000% 
0.0940% 
0.0807% 
0.1871% 
0.1766% 
0.1412% 
0.0319% 
0.1545% 
0.0603% 
0.0820% 
0.0000% 
0.1135% 
0.0534% 
0.5212% 
0.1558% 
0.0935% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3882% 
0.0940% 
0.1686% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
13 
0.0000% 
0.0588% 
0.2490% 
0.0760% 
0.1484% 
0.1889% 
0.0936% 
0.1283% 
0.0940% 
0.0807% 
0.1871% 
0.1766% 
0.1412% 
0.1349% 
0.1545% 
0.0603% 
0.1131% 
0.0186% 
0.1135% 
0.2586% 
0.5212% 
0.1558% 
0.0935% 
0.0615% 
0.0000% 
0.1124% 
0.3882% 
0.0940% 
0.1686% 
0.0000% 
0.3440%
14 
0.0785% 
0.0588% 
0.2490% 
0.0760% 
0.1484% 
0.1889% 
0.1053% 
0.1283% 
0.0940% 
0.0807% 
0.1883% 
0.1766% 
0.1412% 
0.1349% 
0.1545% 
0.0603% 
0.1131% 
0.0186% 
0.3052% 
0.2586% 
0.5212% 
0.1558% 
0.0935% 
0.0615% 
0.1737% 
0.1124% 
0.3882% 
0.0940% 
0.1686% 
0.1271% 
0.3440%
15 
0.0785% 
0.0588% 
0.2490% 
0.0760% 
0.1484% 
0.2513% 
0.1053% 
0.1283% 
0.0940% 
0.0807% 
0.1883% 
0.2314% 
0.1412% 
0.1349% 
0.2080% 
0.0603% 
0.1131% 
0.1422% 
0.3558% 
0.2586% 
0.5212% 
0.1558% 
0.0935% 
0.2095% 
0.1737% 
0.1124% 
0.3882% 
0.0940% 
0.4350% 
0.1271% 
0.3440%
16 
0.0785% 
0.0588% 
0.2490% 
0.0760% 
0.2146% 
0.2513% 
0.1053% 
0.1283% 
0.0940% 
0.0807% 
0.2508% 
0.2314% 
0.1412% 
0.1349% 
0.2080% 
0.0888% 
0.1863% 
0.1422% 
0.3558% 
0.2586% 
0.5212% 
0.1558% 
0.3219% 
0.2269% 
0.1737% 
0.1124% 
0.3882% 
0.4524% 
0.4350% 
0.1271% 
0.4748%
17 
0.0785% 
0.0588% 
0.2490% 
0.2015% 
0.2457% 
0.2513% 
0.1053% 
0.1283% 
0.0940% 
0.1237% 
0.2593% 
0.2314% 
0.1412% 
0.1349% 
0.2080% 
0.1157% 
0.1863% 
0.1422% 
0.3558% 
0.2586% 
0.5212% 
0.2220% 
0.3219% 
0.2269% 
0.1737% 
0.1124% 
0.5958% 
0.4524% 
0.4350% 
0.1733% 
0.4789%
18 
0.0785% 
0.0588% 
0.3882% 
0.2015% 
0.2457% 
0.2513% 
0.1053% 
0.1283% 
0.2167% 
0.1237% 
0.2593% 
0.2314% 
0.1412% 
0.1349% 
0.3314% 
0.1157% 
0.2189% 
0.1422% 
0.3558% 
0.2663% 
0.5878% 
0.2220% 
0.3219% 
0.2269% 
0.1737% 
0.3897% 
0.5958% 
0.4524% 
0.4350% 
0.1733% 
0.4789%
19 
0.0785% 
0.0925% 
0.3882% 
0.2015% 
0.2457% 
0.2565% 
0.1053% 
0.1283% 
0.2167% 
0.1260% 
0.2593% 
0.2314% 
0.1412% 
0.1819% 
0.3314% 
0.1157% 
0.2189% 
0.1422% 
0.3558% 
0.3238% 
0.5878% 
0.2220% 
0.3219% 
0.2269% 
0.5590% 
0.3897% 
0.6037% 
0.7004% 
0.4350% 
0.1733% 
0.4789%
20 
0.0785% 
0.0925% 
0.3882% 
0.2015% 
0.2457% 
0.2565% 
0.1053% 
0.1283% 
0.2167% 
0.1260% 
0.2593% 
0.2314% 
0.1412% 
0.1819% 
0.3314% 
0.1157% 
0.2189% 
0.1422% 
0.4141% 
0.3238% 
0.5878% 
0.2220% 
0.3219% 
0.3432% 
0.5590% 
0.3897% 
0.6476% 
0.7004% 
0.4350% 
0.1733% 
0.5467%
21 
0.0785% 
0.0925% 
0.3882% 
0.2015% 
0.2457% 
0.2812% 
0.1053% 
0.1283% 
0.2167% 
0.1260% 
0.2593% 
0.3551% 
0.1412% 
0.1819% 
0.3314% 
0.1157% 
0.2189% 
0.1631% 
0.4141% 
0.3238% 
0.5878% 
0.2220% 
0.4374% 
0.3432% 
0.5590% 
0.5178% 
0.6476% 
0.7004% 
0.4350% 
0.2351% 
0.5467%
22 
0.0785% 
0.0925% 
0.3882% 
0.2104% 
0.2875% 
0.3023% 
0.1053% 
0.1283% 
0.2167% 
0.1260% 
0.2848% 
0.3551% 
0.1412% 
0.1819% 
0.3314% 
0.1157% 
0.2512% 
0.1631% 
0.4141% 
0.3238% 
0.5878% 
0.3091% 
0.4374% 
0.3432% 
0.6237% 
0.5178% 
0.6476% 
0.7004% 
0.5222% 
0.2351% 
0.5467%
23 
0.0785% 
0.0925% 
0.3882% 
0.2764% 
0.2875% 
0.3023% 
0.1053% 
0.1283% 
0.2167% 
0.1422% 
0.2848% 
0.3551% 
0.1412% 
0.1819% 
0.3314% 
0.1157% 
0.2512% 
0.1631% 
0.4141% 
0.3238% 
0.5878% 
0.3091% 
0.4374% 
0.3774% 
0.6237% 
0.5178% 
0.6476% 
0.7010% 
0.5222% 
0.2351% 
0.5467%
24 
0.0785% 
0.0925% 
0.4309% 
0.2764% 
0.2875% 
0.3023% 
0.1053% 
0.1283% 
0.2805% 
0.1422% 
0.2848% 
0.3551% 
0.1412% 
0.1819% 
0.3314% 
0.1157% 
0.2512% 
0.1631% 
0.4141% 
0.3841% 
0.5878% 
0.3091% 
0.4561% 
0.3774% 
0.6237% 
0.5178% 
0.8835% 
0.7010% 
0.5222% 
0.2351% 
0.5467%
25 
0.0785% 
0.1432% 
0.4309% 
0.2764% 
0.2875% 
0.3023% 
0.1053% 
0.1446% 
0.2805% 
0.1422% 
0.2848% 
0.3551% 
0.1412% 
0.2607% 
0.3314% 
0.1157% 
0.2512% 
0.1631% 
0.5602% 
0.3841% 
0.5878% 
0.3598% 
0.4561% 
0.4066% 
0.6237% 
0.6741% 
0.8835% 
0.7010% 
0.5222% 
0.2351% 
0.6075%
26 
0.2259% 
0.1432% 
0.4309% 
0.2764% 
0.2875% 
0.3023% 
0.1148% 
0.1446% 
0.2805% 
0.1422% 
0.2848% 
0.3551% 
0.1412% 
0.2607% 
0.3314% 
0.1157% 
0.2512% 
0.2079% 
0.5602% 
0.3841% 
0.5878% 
0.3598% 
0.4561% 
0.4066% 
0.6455% 
0.6741% 
0.9058% 
0.7010% 
0.5222% 
0.3694% 
0.6075%
27 
0.2259% 
0.1432% 
0.4309% 
0.2764% 
0.2875% 
0.3126% 
0.1148% 
0.1446% 
0.2805% 
0.1422% 
0.2848% 
0.3551% 
0.1412% 
0.2607% 
0.3314% 
0.1157% 
0.3798% 
0.2079% 
0.5602% 
0.4843% 
0.5878% 
0.3859% 
0.4561% 
0.4513% 
0.6455% 
0.6741% 
0.9728% 
0.7010% 
0.6365% 
0.3694% 
0.6157%
28 
0.2259% 
0.1432% 
0.4309% 
0.2866% 
0.3396% 
0.3126% 
0.1148% 
0.1476% 
0.2805% 
0.1422% 
0.2982% 
0.3551% 
0.1412% 
0.2607% 
0.3314% 
0.1172% 
0.3798% 
0.2079% 
0.6394% 
0.4843% 
0.5878% 
0.3859% 
0.5512% 
0.4513% 
0.6455% 
0.6741% 
0.9728% 
0.7950% 
0.6365% 
0.3694% 
0.6512%
29 
0.2259% 
0.1432% 
0.4309% 
0.3017% 
0.3396% 
0.3126% 
0.1148% 
0.1476% 
0.2805% 
0.1521% 
0.2982% 
0.3551% 
0.1412% 
0.2607% 
0.3602% 
0.1337% 
0.3798% 
0.2883% 
0.6394% 
0.4843% 
0.5878% 
0.3878% 
0.5512% 
0.4513% 
0.6455% 
0.6741% 
1.0170% 
0.7950% 
0.6365% 
0.4666% 
0.6512%
30 
0.2259% 
0.1432% 
0.4448% 
0.3056% 
0.3396% 
0.3126% 
0.1148% 
0.1528% 
0.3160% 
0.1521% 
0.2982% 
0.3551% 
0.1412% 
0.2835% 
0.3602% 
0.1337% 
0.3798% 
0.2883% 
0.6394% 
0.4843% 
0.6215% 
0.3981% 
0.5512% 
0.5437% 
0.6455% 
0.8107% 
1.0170% 
0.8148% 
0.7469% 
0.4784% 
0.6512%
31 
0.2259% 
0.1577% 
0.4448% 
0.3056% 
0.3396% 
0.3126% 
0.1148% 
0.1673% 
0.3160% 
0.1521% 
0.2991% 
0.3551% 
0.1412% 
0.2835% 
0.3711% 
0.1425% 
0.3798% 
0.2883% 
0.6394% 
0.5006% 
0.6215% 
0.3981% 
0.5512% 
0.5437% 
0.8039% 
0.8107% 
1.0170% 
0.8564% 
0.7469% 
0.4784% 
0.6512%
32 
0.2813% 
0.1577% 
0.4546% 
0.3056% 
0.3396% 
0.3126% 
0.1148% 
0.1673% 
0.3160% 
0.1521% 
0.2991% 
0.3658% 
0.1412% 
0.2835% 
0.3711% 
0.1425% 
0.3821% 
0.2883% 
0.6905% 
0.5006% 
0.6215% 
0.3981% 
0.5512% 
0.5694% 
0.8039% 
0.8639% 
1.2159% 
0.8564% 
0.7469% 
0.4784% 
0.6860%
33 
0.2813% 
0.1577% 
0.4642% 
0.3056% 
0.3692% 
0.3482% 
0.1148% 
0.1718% 
0.3160% 
0.1521% 
0.3252% 
0.3658% 
0.1412% 
0.3035% 
0.3711% 
0.1425% 
0.3821% 
0.2883% 
0.6977% 
0.5006% 
0.6215% 
0.3981% 
0.6254% 
0.5722% 
0.8039% 
0.9060% 
1.2159% 
0.8564% 
0.7469% 
0.5442% 
0.6860%
34 
0.2813% 
0.1603% 
0.4642% 
0.3056% 
0.3746% 
0.3482% 
0.1148% 
0.1718% 
0.3160% 
0.1670% 
0.3252% 
0.3658% 
0.1487% 
0.3035% 
0.3711% 
0.1425% 
0.4208% 
0.2883% 
0.6977% 
0.5042% 
0.6215% 
0.3981% 
0.6508% 
0.5823% 
0.8272% 
0.9060% 
1.2159% 
0.8564% 
0.7469% 
0.5442% 
0.6860%
35 
0.2813% 
0.1603% 
0.4642% 
0.3358% 
0.3779% 
0.3482% 
0.1306% 
0.1718% 
0.3401% 
0.1670% 
0.3252% 
0.4003% 
0.1487% 
0.3035% 
0.3711% 
0.1986% 
0.4208% 
0.2883% 
0.6977% 
0.5042% 
0.7036% 
0.3981% 
0.6508% 
0.6258% 
0.8272% 
0.9060% 
1.2159% 
0.9022% 
0.7469% 
0.5442% 
0.6860%
36 
0.2813% 
0.1603% 
0.4642% 
0.3460% 
0.3806% 
0.3482% 
0.1306% 
0.1951% 
0.3401% 
0.1670% 
0.3261% 
0.4003% 
0.1487% 
0.3035% 
0.4099% 
0.1986% 
0.4208% 
0.3109% 
0.6977% 
0.6673% 
0.7036% 
0.3981% 
0.6744% 
0.6258% 
0.8272% 
0.9060% 
1.2521% 
0.9022% 
0.7469% 
0.5442% 
0.6860%
37 
0.2983% 
0.1664% 
0.4642% 
0.3460% 
0.3806% 
0.3482% 
0.1809% 
0.1951% 
0.3401% 
0.1670% 
0.3373% 
0.4003% 
0.1487% 
0.3356% 
0.4099% 
0.1986% 
0.4208% 
0.3109% 
0.7675% 
0.6673% 
0.7384% 
0.4124% 
0.6810% 
0.6258% 
0.8272% 
0.9060% 
1.3031% 
0.9022% 
0.7469% 
0.5442% 
0.7361%
38 
0.3012% 
0.1664% 
0.4642% 
0.3460% 
0.3806% 
0.3988% 
0.1809% 
0.1951% 
0.3401% 
0.1670% 
0.3373% 
0.4003% 
0.1487% 
0.3356% 
0.4099% 
0.1986% 
0.4208% 
0.4257% 
0.7675% 
0.6673% 
0.7453% 
0.4124% 
0.6880% 
0.6258% 
0.8598% 
0.9060% 
1.3031% 
0.9022% 
0.7469% 
0.5670% 
0.7361%
39 
0.3012% 
0.1677% 
0.4642% 
0.3460% 
0.4193% 
0.3988% 
0.1809% 
0.2139% 
0.3401% 
0.1670% 
0.3373% 
0.4071% 
0.1487% 
0.3362% 
0.4099% 
0.2439% 
0.4373% 
0.4257% 
0.7675% 
0.7320% 
0.7453% 
0.4124% 
0.6880% 
0.6272% 
0.8598% 
0.9060% 
1.3031% 
0.9022% 
0.8310% 
0.5670% 
0.7361%
40 
0.3012% 
0.1677% 
0.4642% 
0.3729% 
0.4193% 
0.3988% 
0.1899% 
0.2139% 
0.3401% 
0.1682% 
0.3373% 
0.4071% 
0.1487% 
0.3362% 
0.4099% 
0.2439% 
0.4373% 
0.4260% 
0.7675% 
0.7320% 
0.7453% 
0.4150% 
0.7212% 
0.6272% 
0.8598% 
0.9060% 
1.3031% 
0.9521% 
0.8338% 
0.5670% 
0.7596%
41 
0.3012% 
0.1677% 
0.5552% 
0.3729% 
0.4193% 
0.3988% 
0.1899% 
0.2139% 
0.3401% 
0.1737% 
0.3373% 
0.4071% 
0.1487% 
0.3362% 
0.4487% 
0.2439% 
0.4373% 
0.4260% 
0.7676% 
0.7375% 
0.7453% 
0.4302% 
0.7224% 
0.6272% 
0.8598% 
0.9060% 
1.3999% 
0.9521% 
0.8338% 
0.6132% 
0.7596%
42 
0.3012% 
0.2119% 
0.5552% 
0.3729% 
0.4247% 
0.3988% 
0.1899% 
0.2139% 
0.3587% 
0.1737% 
0.3373% 
0.4071% 
0.1487% 
0.3484% 
0.4487% 
0.2456% 
0.4373% 
0.4260% 
0.7676% 
0.7375% 
0.8002% 
0.4302% 
0.7224% 
0.6272% 
0.8598% 
0.9060% 
1.3999% 
0.9521% 
0.8774% 
0.6132% 
0.7596%
43 
0.3539% 
0.2119% 
0.5552% 
0.3729% 
0.4284% 
0.3988% 
0.1932% 
0.2367% 
0.3587% 
0.1737% 
0.3373% 
0.4071% 
0.1822% 
0.3484% 
0.4487% 
0.2936% 
0.4391% 
0.4260% 
0.7676% 
0.7375% 
0.8002% 
0.4302% 
0.7224% 
0.6272% 
0.9080% 
0.9060% 
1.3999% 
0.9591% 
0.8774% 
0.6132% 
0.7596%
44 
0.3539% 
0.2119% 
0.5735% 
0.3729% 
0.4284% 
0.4136% 
0.2114% 
0.2413% 
0.3587% 
0.1737% 
0.3373% 
0.4293% 
0.1822% 
0.3608% 
0.4487% 
0.2936% 
0.4391% 
0.4260% 
0.8346% 
0.7375% 
0.8002% 
0.4302% 
0.7386% 
0.7452% 
0.9080% 
0.9060% 
1.4836% 
0.9591% 
0.8774% 
0.6132% 
0.7596%
45 
0.3539% 
0.2152% 
0.5735% 
0.3729% 
0.4305% 
0.4159% 
0.2114% 
0.2413% 
0.3587% 
0.1749% 
0.3545% 
0.4348% 
0.1822% 
0.3902% 
0.4487% 
0.2936% 
0.4391% 
0.5360% 
0.8346% 
0.7375% 
0.8156% 
0.4302% 
0.8127% 
0.7571% 
0.9080% 
0.9060% 
1.4836% 
1.0018% 
0.8774% 
0.6132% 
0.7596%
46 
0.3539% 
0.2155% 
0.5735% 
0.3729% 
0.4753% 
0.4367% 
0.2114% 
0.2473% 
0.3587% 
0.2212% 
0.3545% 
0.4348% 
0.2244% 
0.3902% 
0.4487% 
0.2936% 
0.4744% 
0.5360% 
0.8346% 
0.7375% 
0.8156% 
0.4302% 
0.8127% 
0.7571% 
0.9080% 
0.9060% 
1.4836% 
1.0018% 
0.9286% 
0.6132% 
0.7596%
47 
0.3539% 
0.2155% 
0.5735% 
0.3729% 
0.4804% 
0.4367% 
0.2114% 
0.2602% 
0.3730% 
0.2269% 
0.3545% 
0.4378% 
0.2244% 
0.3902% 
0.4487% 
0.3150% 
0.4744% 
0.5360% 
0.8489% 
0.7375% 
0.8156% 
0.4302% 
0.8127% 
0.7734% 
0.9080% 
0.9060% 
1.4836% 
1.1192% 
0.9286% 
0.6132% 
0.7596%
48 
0.3539% 
0.2274% 
0.5787% 
0.3729% 
0.4804% 
0.4367% 
0.2114% 
0.2602% 
0.3730% 
0.2269% 
0.3545% 
0.4378% 
0.2244% 
0.3902% 
0.4788% 
0.3150% 
0.4744% 
0.5360% 
0.8489% 
0.7715% 
0.8198% 
0.4330% 
0.8127% 
0.7734% 
0.9080% 
0.9060% 
1.4836% 
1.1192% 
0.9286% 
0.6132% 
0.7596%
49 
0.3539% 
0.2350% 
0.6137% 
0.3729% 
0.4852% 
0.4367% 
0.2323% 
0.2602% 
0.3730% 
0.2269% 
0.3661% 
0.4378% 
0.2244% 
0.4683% 
0.4788% 
0.3150% 
0.4744% 
0.5360% 
0.8489% 
0.7715% 
0.8198% 
0.4330% 
0.8127% 
0.7734% 
0.9080% 
0.9060% 
1.4836% 
1.1192% 
0.9286% 
0.6132% 
0.7764%
50 
0.3539% 
0.2350% 
0.6137% 
0.3729% 
0.4852% 
0.4576% 
0.2323% 
0.2613% 
0.3730% 
0.2453% 
0.3661% 
0.4378% 
0.2728% 
0.4683% 
0.4788% 
0.3150% 
0.4744% 
0.5838% 
0.8489% 
0.7715% 
0.9082% 
0.4330% 
0.8127% 
0.7734% 
0.9638% 
0.9060% 
1.4836% 
1.1192% 
0.9286% 
0.6302% 
0.7764%
51 
0.3539% 
0.2350% 
0.6137% 
0.3729% 
0.5215% 
0.4576% 
0.2323% 
0.2815% 
0.3785% 
0.2453% 
0.3661% 
0.4453% 
0.2728% 
0.4683% 
0.4887% 
0.3150% 
0.5065% 
0.6044% 
0.8583% 
0.7715% 
0.9082% 
0.4330% 
0.8127% 
0.8211% 
0.9638% 
0.9060% 
1.4836% 
1.1192% 
0.9661% 
0.6302% 
0.7764%
52 
0.3539% 
0.2350% 
0.6137% 
0.3880% 
0.5215% 
0.4576% 
0.2334% 
0.2815% 
0.3785% 
0.2453% 
0.3991% 
0.4453% 
0.2728% 
0.4683% 
0.4892% 
0.3207% 
0.5065% 
0.6044% 
0.8583% 
0.7715% 
0.9082% 
0.4330% 
0.8590% 
0.8211% 
0.9638% 
0.9060% 
1.4836% 
1.1887% 
0.9661% 
0.6302% 
0.7952%
53 
0.3539% 
0.2350% 
0.6752% 
0.3880% 
0.5215% 
0.4576% 
0.2467% 
0.2815% 
0.3785% 
0.2740% 
0.3991% 
0.4453% 
0.2728% 
0.4683% 
0.5147% 
0.3207% 
0.5065% 
0.6053% 
0.8583% 
0.7715% 
0.9082% 
0.4914% 
0.8590% 
0.8211% 
0.9638% 
0.9060% 
1.4836% 
1.1887% 
0.9661% 
0.6526% 
0.7952%
54 
0.3551% 
0.2799% 
0.6757% 
0.3880% 
0.5256% 
0.4576% 
0.2467% 
0.2815% 
0.3922% 
0.2740% 
0.3991% 
0.4453% 
0.2728% 
0.4758% 
0.5152% 
0.3222% 
0.5363% 
0.6053% 
0.8708% 
0.7715% 
0.9194% 
0.4914% 
0.8590% 
0.8263% 
0.9638% 
0.9968% 
1.4836% 
1.2018% 
0.9690% 
0.6526% 
0.7952%
55 
0.3982% 
0.2799% 
0.6757% 
0.4045% 
0.5256% 
0.4576% 
0.2467% 
0.3044% 
0.3922% 
0.2740% 
0.4100% 
0.4453% 
0.2937% 
0.4758% 
0.5152% 
0.3319% 
0.5363% 
0.6053% 
0.8708% 
0.7887% 
0.9194% 
0.4914% 
0.8590% 
0.8263% 
0.9638% 
0.9968% 
1.5010% 
1.2193% 
0.9690% 
0.6526% 
0.7964%
56 
0.3982% 
0.2799% 
0.6833% 
0.4045% 
0.5308% 
0.4581% 
0.2467% 
0.3063% 
0.3922% 
0.2801% 
0.4100% 
0.4592% 
0.2937% 
0.4758% 
0.5152% 
0.3319% 
0.5363% 
0.6053% 
0.8708% 
0.7887% 
0.9194% 
0.4914% 
0.8656% 
0.8488% 
0.9638% 
0.9968% 
1.5490% 
1.2193% 
0.9690% 
0.6526% 
0.7964%
57 
0.4091% 
0.3260% 
0.6833% 
0.4045% 
0.5308% 
0.4581% 
0.2467% 
0.3063% 
0.3922% 
0.2801% 
0.4100% 
0.4592% 
0.2937% 
0.5313% 
0.5152% 
0.3319% 
0.5363% 
0.6053% 
0.8890% 
0.7887% 
0.9194% 
0.4914% 
0.8822% 
0.8488% 
0.9638% 
1.0112% 
1.5490% 
1.2193% 
0.9690% 
0.6526% 
0.7964%
58 
0.4364% 
0.3260% 
0.6837% 
0.4045% 
0.5318% 
0.4581% 
0.2467% 
0.3063% 
0.3922% 
0.3141% 
0.4100% 
0.4592% 
0.2937% 
0.5313% 
0.5152% 
0.3319% 
0.5481% 
0.6053% 
0.8890% 
0.7910% 
0.9194% 
0.5060% 
0.8936% 
0.8497% 
0.9638% 
1.0112% 
1.5490% 
1.2193% 
1.0067% 
0.6526% 
0.7964%
59 
0.4364% 
0.3260% 
0.6837% 
0.4404% 
0.5318% 
0.4581% 
0.2478% 
0.3101% 
0.3922% 
0.3141% 
0.4100% 
0.4803% 
0.2937% 
0.5313% 
0.5152% 
0.3319% 
0.5481% 
0.6061% 
0.8894% 
0.7910% 
0.9398% 
0.5060% 
0.8936% 
0.8520% 
0.9638% 
1.0112% 
1.5490% 
1.2193% 
1.0067% 
0.6526% 
0.7964%
60 
0.4364% 
0.3260% 
0.6837% 
0.4404% 
0.5318% 
0.4581% 
0.2478% 
0.3101% 
0.3952% 
0.3144% 
0.4281% 
0.4803% 
0.2937% 
0.5403% 
0.5548% 
0.3435% 
0.5481% 
0.6061% 
0.8906% 
0.8064% 
0.9398% 
0.5060% 
0.9189% 
0.8520% 
0.9638% 
1.0151% 
1.5944% 
1.2193% 
1.0067% 
0.6526%  
61 
0.4364% 
0.3335% 
0.6837% 
0.4404% 
0.5318% 
0.4581% 
0.2625% 
0.3101% 
0.3952% 
0.3144% 
0.4294% 
0.4803% 
0.2937% 
0.5623% 
0.5548% 
0.3435% 
0.5481% 
0.6061% 
0.9329% 
0.8064% 
0.9398% 
0.5060% 
0.9189% 
0.8520% 
0.9638% 
1.0754% 
1.5944% 
1.2193% 
1.0067%  
 
62 
0.4364% 
0.3335% 
0.6837% 
0.4404% 
0.5318% 
0.4701% 
0.2625% 
0.3101% 
0.4031% 
0.3144% 
0.4294% 
0.4803% 
0.2937% 
0.5623% 
0.5548% 
0.3435% 
0.5481% 
0.6368% 
0.9329% 
0.8064% 
0.9482% 
0.5060% 
0.9189% 
0.8520% 
0.9931% 
1.0754% 
1.6125% 
1.2193%  
 
 
63 
0.4364% 
0.3335% 
0.6837% 
0.4404% 
0.5361% 
0.4701% 
0.2625% 
0.3174% 
0.4031% 
0.3144% 
0.4294% 
0.4971% 
0.2937% 
0.5795% 
0.5548% 
0.3435% 
0.5700% 
0.6375% 
0.9329% 
0.8098% 
0.9482% 
0.5060% 
0.9189% 
0.8880% 
0.9931% 
1.0917% 
1.6125%  
 
 
 
64 
0.4364% 
0.3415% 
0.6837% 
0.4472% 
0.5369% 
0.4701% 
0.2821% 
0.3174% 
0.4031% 
0.3144% 
0.4294% 
0.5179% 
0.2937% 
0.5795% 
0.5548% 
0.3970% 
0.5700% 
0.6375% 
0.9461% 
0.8098% 
0.9490% 
0.5060% 
0.9189% 
0.8880% 
0.9931% 
1.0917%  
 
 
 
 
65 
0.4364% 
0.3415% 
0.7008% 
0.4472% 
0.5460% 
0.4769% 
0.2821% 
0.3174% 
0.4031% 
0.3203% 
0.4294% 
0.5179% 
0.2937% 
0.5795% 
0.5590% 
0.3970% 
0.5700% 
0.6375% 
0.9461% 
0.8105% 
0.9490% 
0.5060% 
0.9189% 
0.8880% 
0.9931%  
 
 
 
 
 
66 
0.4364% 
0.3520% 
0.7008% 
0.4472% 
0.5491% 
0.4769% 
0.2821% 
0.3174% 
0.4031% 
0.3203% 
0.4294% 
0.5179% 
0.2937% 
0.5996% 
0.5590% 
0.4092% 
0.5756% 
0.6375% 
0.9461% 
0.8105% 
0.9490% 
0.5060% 
0.9189% 
0.8880%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
67 
0.4695% 
0.3527% 
0.7008% 
0.4486% 
0.5491% 
0.4769% 
0.2821% 
0.3218% 
0.4031% 
0.3203% 
0.4294% 
0.5179% 
0.2982% 
0.5996% 
0.5590% 
0.4262% 
0.5756% 
0.6375% 
0.9461% 
0.8255% 
0.9490% 
0.5060% 
0.9189%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
68 
0.4695% 
0.3527% 
0.7111% 
0.4486% 
0.5491% 
0.4769% 
0.2904% 
0.3218% 
0.4031% 
0.3203% 
0.4294% 
0.5191% 
0.2982% 
0.5996% 
0.5622% 
0.4262% 
0.5756% 
0.6375% 
0.9461% 
0.8255% 
0.9490% 
0.5060%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
69 
0.4695% 
0.3527% 
0.7111% 
0.4486% 
0.5491% 
0.4769% 
0.2904% 
0.3218% 
0.4031% 
0.3203% 
0.4330% 
0.5191% 
0.2982% 
0.5996% 
0.5622% 
0.4262% 
0.5756% 
0.6516% 
0.9461% 
0.8255% 
0.9490%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
70 
0.4695% 
0.3527% 
0.7111% 
0.4486% 
0.5553% 
0.4772% 
0.2904% 
0.3218% 
0.4031% 
0.3203% 
0.4338% 
0.5191% 
0.3221% 
0.5996% 
0.5622% 
0.4262% 
0.6078% 
0.6516% 
0.9461% 
0.8255%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
71 
0.4695% 
0.3527% 
0.7111% 
0.4517% 
0.5553% 
0.4772% 
0.2904% 
0.3218% 
0.4031% 
0.3203% 
0.4338% 
0.5309% 
0.3221% 
0.5996% 
0.5622% 
0.4300% 
0.6078% 
0.6516% 
0.9461%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
72 
0.4705% 
0.3527% 
0.7142% 
0.4517% 
0.5553% 
0.4772% 
0.2904% 
0.3230% 
0.4031% 
0.3203% 
0.4338% 
0.5309% 
0.3221% 
0.5996% 
0.5688% 
0.4300% 
0.6078% 
0.6516%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
73 
0.4705% 
0.3527% 
0.7142% 
0.4653% 
0.5553% 
0.4772% 
0.2910% 
0.3234% 
0.4031% 
0.3416% 
0.4338% 
0.5309% 
0.3221% 
0.6003% 
0.5688% 
0.4300% 
0.6078%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
74 
0.4744% 
0.3527% 
0.7142% 
0.4653% 
0.5564% 
0.4772% 
0.2910% 
0.3234% 
0.4126% 
0.3416% 
0.4338% 
0.5309% 
0.3221% 
0.6003% 
0.5688% 
0.4300%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
75 
0.4744% 
0.3527% 
0.7142% 
0.4653% 
0.5586% 
0.4772% 
0.2910% 
0.3240% 
0.4126% 
0.3416% 
0.4338% 
0.5309% 
0.3221% 
0.6003% 
0.5688%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
76 
0.4744% 
0.3527% 
0.7142% 
0.4653% 
0.5586% 
0.4772% 
0.2931% 
0.3240% 
0.4126% 
0.3416% 
0.4494% 
0.5309% 
0.3221% 
0.6003% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
77 
0.4744% 
0.3527% 
0.7142% 
0.4653% 
0.5586% 
0.4772% 
0.2931% 
0.3245% 
0.4126% 
0.3416% 
0.4494% 
0.5309% 
0.3221% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
78 
0.4744% 
0.3527% 
0.7142% 
0.4653% 
0.5629% 
0.4772% 
0.2931% 
0.3245% 
0.4126% 
0.3416% 
0.4494% 
0.5309% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
79 
0.4744% 
0.3527% 
0.7142% 
0.4653% 
0.5629% 
0.4772% 
0.2931% 
0.3266% 
0.4126% 
0.3482% 
0.4494% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
80 
0.4744% 
0.3527% 
0.7154% 
0.4653% 
0.5629% 
0.4772% 
0.2984% 
0.3266% 
0.4126% 
0.3482% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
81 
0.4744% 
0.3527% 
0.7154% 
0.4653% 
0.5630% 
0.4772% 
0.2984% 
0.3266% 
0.4126% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
82 
0.4744% 
0.3527% 
0.7154% 
0.4653% 
0.5630% 
0.4772% 
0.2984% 
0.3266% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
83 
0.4744% 
0.3527% 
0.7154% 
0.4674% 
0.5630% 
0.4772% 
0.2984% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
84 
0.4744% 
0.3527% 
0.7206% 
0.4674% 
0.5630% 
0.4772% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
85 
0.4744% 
0.3527% 
0.7206% 
0.4674% 
0.5630% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
86 
0.4744% 
0.3527% 
0.7206% 
0.4674% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
87 
0.4744% 
0.3527% 
0.7206% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
88 
0.4744% 
0.3527% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
89 
0.4744%

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
VLC Product: Classic Credit, Condition: New 
 
 
 
Sum Contract Value 
51,374,036.48 
44,206,598.59 
53,388,975.57 
45,430,714.27 
45,806,650.51 
18,955,432.34 
37,648,457.89 
47,216,717.58 
40,266,815.05 
38,536,989.42 39,807,741.99 
43,066,712.21 
18,444,663.39 
337,348.72 
30,945,842.04 
35,783,267.02 
31,234,845.96 
16,699,994.52 
27,577,750.23 
26,716,648.04 
27,151,338.14 
27,492,887.45 
26,675,817.89 
29,560,397.81 
33,881,336.27 
27,084,111.96 
28,444,432.30 
31,143,705.96 
22,648,255.76 
13,821,029.87 
19,006,207.20 
Number of contract 
3,583 
3,064 
3,679 
3,115 
3,178 
1,318 
2,669 
3,444 
2,851 
2,639 
2,956 
3,164 
1,236 
23 
2,352 
2,772 
2,392 
1,397 
2,271 
2,173 
2,245 
2,243 
2,293 
2,448 
2,847 
2,317 
2,373 
2,635 
2,008 
1,238 
1,753
Age 
03-2019 
04-2019 
05-2019 
06-2019 
07-2019 
08-2019 
09-2019 
10-2019 
11-2019 
12-2019 
01-2020 
02-2020 
03-2020 
04-2020 
05-2020 
06-2020 
07-2020 
08-2020 
09-2020 
10-2020 
11-2020 
12-2020 
01-2021 
02-2021 
03-2021 
04-2021 
05-2021 
06-2021 
07-2021 
08-2021 
09-2021 
1 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
2 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
3 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
4 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
5 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3356% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
6 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3356% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
7 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0034% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3356% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
8 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0524% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0034% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3356% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
9 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0524% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0551% 
0.0034% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4851% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
10 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1086% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0845% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0551% 
0.0034% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2398% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4851% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0126%
11 
0.0000% 
0.3927% 
0.1086% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0845% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0468% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0551% 
0.0034% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0913% 
0.2398% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4851% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0126%
12 
0.4292% 
0.3927% 
0.1086% 
0.1205% 
0.0000% 
0.0845% 
0.0333% 
0.0458% 
0.0000%
0.0468% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0551% 
0.0034% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1220% 
0.0913% 
0.2398% 
0.0806% 
0.0000% 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.6818% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0126%
13 
0.4837% 
0.3927% 
0.1863% 
0.1205% 
0.0000% 
0.1488% 
0.2458% 
0.0458% 
0.0000%
0.0468% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0551% 
0.0034% 
0.0000% 
0.1521% 
0.1220% 
0.0913% 
0.2398% 
0.0806% 
0.0000% 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.6818% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1839%
14 
0.5196% 
0.3927% 
0.1863% 
0.1205% 
0.0000% 
0.4826% 
0.2458% 
0.0458% 
0.0000%
0.0468% 
0.0459% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0551% 
0.0034% 
0.0000% 
0.1521% 
0.1220% 
0.0913% 
0.2398% 
0.2537% 
0.0000% 
0.1821% 
0.2610% 
0.0000% 
0.6818% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1839%
15 
0.5196% 
0.3941% 
0.1980% 
0.1205% 
0.0407% 
0.4826% 
0.2458% 
0.0458% 
0.0000%
0.3103% 
0.0459% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0551% 
0.0957% 
0.0000% 
0.1521% 
0.1220% 
0.0913% 
0.4242% 
0.2537% 
0.0000% 
0.1821% 
0.2610% 
0.0000% 
0.6818% 
0.1093% 
0.0000% 
0.1839%
16 
0.5196% 
0.3941% 
0.1980% 
0.2666% 
0.0407% 
0.4826% 
0.2565% 
0.0458% 
0.2275%
0.3103% 
0.0459% 
0.0982% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3834% 
0.0957% 
0.0000% 
0.1521% 
0.1220% 
0.3126% 
0.4242% 
0.2537% 
0.1559% 
0.1821% 
0.2610% 
0.0000% 
0.6818% 
0.1093% 
0.0000% 
0.1839%
17 
0.5196% 
0.3941% 
0.4067% 
0.2666% 
0.0407% 
0.4826% 
0.2565% 
0.0809% 
0.2275%
0.3103% 
0.0459% 
0.0982% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3834% 
0.0957% 
0.0000% 
0.1521% 
0.2254% 
0.3126% 
0.4242% 
0.2537% 
0.1559% 
0.1821% 
0.2610% 
0.0689% 
0.6818% 
0.1093% 
0.0000% 
0.1839%
18 
0.5196% 
0.5226% 
0.4067% 
0.2666% 
0.0407% 
0.4826% 
0.2565% 
0.0825% 
0.2275%
0.4954% 
0.0459% 
0.0982% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3834% 
0.1012% 
0.0000% 
0.3345% 
0.2254% 
0.3126% 
0.4242% 
0.2537% 
0.1559% 
0.1821% 
0.2610% 
0.0689% 
0.6818% 
0.1093% 
0.0000% 
0.2896%
19 
0.5877% 
0.5226% 
0.4067% 
0.2666% 
0.0407% 
0.6245% 
0.2967% 
0.0825% 
0.2275%
0.4954% 
0.0459% 
0.0982% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3834% 
0.1012% 
0.1942% 
0.3345% 
0.2254% 
0.3126% 
0.4242% 
0.2537% 
0.1559% 
0.2262% 
0.2610% 
0.0689% 
0.6818% 
0.1093% 
0.0000% 
0.2896%
20 
0.5877% 
0.5226% 
0.4067% 
0.2666% 
0.0816% 
0.6245% 
0.2967% 
0.3637% 
0.2275%
0.4954% 
0.0459% 
0.1836% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3834% 
0.1741% 
0.1942% 
0.3345% 
0.2735% 
0.3126% 
0.4242% 
0.2537% 
0.2548% 
0.2262% 
0.2610% 
0.0689% 
0.6818% 
0.1609% 
0.0000% 
0.2896%
21 
0.5877% 
0.5226% 
0.4067% 
0.3914% 
0.0816% 
0.6245% 
0.4172% 
0.3637% 
0.2275%
0.4954% 
0.0972% 
0.1836% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4903% 
0.1741% 
0.1942% 
0.3345% 
0.2735% 
0.3126% 
0.4242% 
0.2537% 
0.2548% 
0.2262% 
0.2610% 
0.0689% 
0.7835% 
0.1609% 
0.0000% 
0.3711%
22 
0.5877% 
0.5226% 
0.5632% 
0.3914% 
0.0816% 
0.7879% 
0.4172% 
0.3637% 
0.2275%
0.6338% 
0.0972% 
0.1836% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4903% 
0.1741% 
0.3922% 
0.3345% 
0.2735% 
0.3126% 
0.4492% 
0.2537% 
0.2548% 
0.2262% 
0.2610% 
0.2883% 
0.7835% 
0.1609% 
0.0000% 
0.3711%
23 
0.5877% 
0.6136% 
0.5632% 
0.3914% 
0.1269% 
0.7879% 
0.4172% 
0.3637% 
0.2275%
0.6338% 
0.0972% 
0.1836% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4903% 
0.1741% 
0.3922% 
0.3345% 
0.2735% 
0.3126% 
0.4492% 
0.2537% 
0.2548% 
0.2262% 
0.3343% 
0.2883% 
0.7835% 
0.1950% 
0.0000% 
0.3711%
24 
0.6481% 
0.6136% 
0.5632% 
0.6327% 
0.1269% 
0.7879% 
0.4172% 
0.3637% 
0.2275%
0.6338% 
0.0972% 
0.1836% 
0.0274% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4903% 
0.1741% 
0.3922% 
0.3345% 
0.4069% 
0.3126% 
0.4492% 
0.2537% 
0.2548% 
0.3490% 
0.3343% 
0.2883% 
0.7835% 
0.2006% 
0.0000% 
0.3711%
25 
0.6481% 
0.6136% 
0.5723% 
0.6327% 
0.1269% 
0.7879% 
0.6066% 
0.3637% 
0.2275%
0.6836% 
0.0972% 
0.2095% 
0.0505% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4903% 
0.1741% 
0.3922% 
0.3345% 
0.4069% 
0.3126% 
0.4492% 
0.2537% 
0.4450% 
0.3490% 
0.3343% 
0.2883% 
0.7835% 
0.2006% 
0.0000% 
0.3711%
26 
0.6481% 
0.6984% 
0.5834% 
0.6327% 
0.1269% 
1.0352% 
0.6066% 
0.3637% 
0.2275%
0.6836% 
0.1262% 
0.2095% 
0.0505% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4903% 
0.1741% 
0.5033% 
0.3345% 
0.4069% 
0.3126% 
0.4492% 
0.3316% 
0.4450% 
0.3490% 
0.3343% 
0.2883% 
0.7835% 
0.2006% 
0.0000% 
0.3711%
27 
0.7660% 
0.6984% 
0.5834% 
0.6327% 
0.2218% 
1.0352% 
0.6066% 
0.3637% 
0.2275%
0.7375% 
0.1262% 
0.2095% 
0.0505% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4903% 
0.3858% 
0.5033% 
0.3345% 
0.4069% 
0.3126% 
0.4492% 
0.3316% 
0.4450% 
0.3490% 
0.3343% 
0.2883% 
0.7835% 
0.3495% 
0.0000% 
0.3711%
28 
0.8151% 
0.6984% 
0.5834% 
0.7088% 
0.2218% 
1.0352% 
0.6066% 
0.3637% 
0.4625%
0.7375% 
0.1262% 
0.2923% 
0.0505% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4903% 
0.3858% 
0.5033% 
0.3446% 
0.4069% 
0.4864% 
0.4492% 
0.3316% 
0.4450% 
0.3490% 
0.3343% 
0.2883% 
0.7835% 
0.3495% 
0.0000% 
0.3711%
29 
0.8151% 
0.6984% 
0.6049% 
0.7088% 
0.2218% 
1.0352% 
0.6066% 
0.3835% 
0.4625%
0.7375% 
0.1597% 
0.2923% 
0.0505% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4903% 
0.3858% 
0.5033% 
0.3446% 
0.4069% 
0.4864% 
0.4492% 
0.3316% 
0.4450% 
0.3490% 
0.3343% 
0.2883% 
0.7835% 
0.3495% 
0.0000%  
30 
0.8151% 
0.6984% 
0.6049% 
0.7088% 
0.2218% 
1.0352% 
0.7472% 
0.3835% 
0.4625%
0.8377% 
0.1597% 
0.2923% 
0.0505% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4903% 
0.3858% 
0.5033% 
0.3446% 
0.4069% 
0.4864% 
0.5172% 
0.3316% 
0.4450% 
0.3490% 
0.3741% 
0.2956% 
0.7835% 
0.3495%  
 
31 
0.8151% 
0.6984% 
0.6049% 
0.7088% 
0.2218% 
1.1741% 
0.7472% 
0.3835% 
0.6036%
0.8377% 
0.1597% 
0.2923% 
0.2561% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4903% 
0.3858% 
0.5910% 
0.3446% 
0.4069% 
0.4864% 
0.5172% 
0.3316% 
0.4450% 
0.3490% 
0.3741% 
0.2956% 
0.7835%  
 
 
32 
0.8151% 
0.6984% 
0.6049% 
0.7173% 
0.2218% 
1.1741% 
0.8238% 
0.3835% 
0.6036%
0.8377% 
0.1597% 
0.3319% 
0.2561% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4903% 
0.3858% 
0.5910% 
0.3446% 
0.4069% 
0.4864% 
0.5172% 
0.3316% 
0.4455% 
0.3490% 
0.3741% 
0.2956%  
 
 
 
33 
0.8151% 
0.7001% 
0.6049% 
0.7173% 
0.2218% 
1.1741% 
0.8238% 
0.3835% 
0.6036%
0.8377% 
0.1823% 
0.3319% 
0.2561% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5278% 
0.3858% 
0.5910% 
0.3607% 
0.4069% 
0.4864% 
0.5172% 
0.3316% 
0.4455% 
0.3490% 
0.3741%  
 
 
 
 
34 
0.8151% 
0.7001% 
0.6481% 
0.7173% 
0.2218% 
1.2578% 
0.8238% 
0.3835% 
0.6036%
1.0629% 
0.1823% 
0.3319% 
0.2561% 0.0000% 
0.0392% 
0.5278% 
0.3858% 
0.5910% 
0.3607% 
0.4069% 
0.4864% 
0.5528% 
0.3316% 
0.4455% 
0.3490%  
 
 
 
 
 
35 
0.8151% 
0.8213% 
0.6481% 
0.7173% 
0.2722% 
1.2578% 
0.8238% 
0.3835% 
0.6707%
1.0629% 
0.1823% 
0.3319% 
0.2561% 0.0000% 
0.0392% 
0.5278% 
0.3858% 
0.5910% 
0.3607% 
0.4069% 
0.4864% 
0.5528% 
0.3316% 
0.4455%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
36 
0.9012% 
0.8213% 
0.6481% 
0.7310% 
0.2722% 
1.2578% 
0.8238% 
0.3835% 
0.6707%
1.0629% 
0.1823% 
0.3319% 
0.2561% 0.0000% 
0.0392% 
0.5539% 
0.3858% 
0.5910% 
0.3607% 
0.4133% 
0.4864% 
0.5528% 
0.3316%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
37 
0.9012% 
0.8258% 
0.6955% 
0.7310% 
0.2722% 
1.2578% 
0.8238% 
0.3835% 
0.6707%
1.0629% 
0.1823% 
0.4080% 
0.2561% 0.0000% 
0.0392% 
0.5539% 
0.3858% 
0.5910% 
0.3607% 
0.4133% 
0.4864% 
0.5528%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
38 
0.9012% 
0.8477% 
0.6955% 
0.7310% 
0.2722% 
1.5395% 
0.8238% 
0.3835% 
0.6707%
1.0629% 
0.2396% 
0.4080% 
0.2561% 0.0000% 
0.0392% 
0.5539% 
0.3858% 
0.5910% 
0.3607% 
0.4133% 
0.4864%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
39 
0.9711% 
0.8477% 
0.6955% 
0.7686% 
0.2885% 
1.5395% 
0.8238% 
0.3835% 
0.6707%
1.1910% 
0.2396% 
0.4080% 
0.3717% 0.0000% 
0.0392% 
0.5539% 
0.3858% 
0.5910% 
0.3607% 
0.4133%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
40 
0.9711% 
0.8477% 
0.7263% 
0.7686% 
0.2885% 
1.5395% 
0.8238% 
0.3835% 
0.6707%
1.1910% 
0.2396% 
0.4291% 
0.3717% 0.0000% 
0.0392% 
0.5539% 
0.3858% 
0.5910% 
0.3607%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
41 
0.9711% 
0.8477% 
0.8241% 
0.8133% 
0.2885% 
1.5395% 
0.8238% 
0.4068% 
0.6707%
1.1910% 
0.2497% 
0.4291% 
0.3717% 0.0000% 
0.0392% 
0.5539% 
0.3894% 
0.5910%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
42 
1.0029% 
0.9642% 
0.8241% 
0.8133% 
0.2885% 
1.5395% 
0.8238% 
0.4068% 
0.6707%
1.1910% 
0.2497% 
0.4291% 
0.3717% 0.0000% 
0.0392% 
0.5539% 
0.3894%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
43 
1.0427% 
0.9642% 
0.8241% 
0.8133% 
0.2885% 
1.5395% 
0.8238% 
0.4068% 
0.7192%
1.1910% 
0.2497% 
0.4291% 
0.4007% 0.0000% 
0.0392% 
0.5539%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
44 
1.0427% 
0.9715% 
0.8241% 
0.8133% 
0.3399% 
1.5395% 
0.8238% 
0.4671% 
0.7192%
1.1969% 
0.2497% 
0.4467% 
0.4007% 0.0000% 
0.0392%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
45 
1.0427% 
0.9715% 
0.8704% 
0.9450% 
0.3399% 
1.5395% 
0.8472% 
0.4671% 
0.7192%
1.1969% 
0.2958% 
0.4467% 
0.4007% 0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
46 
1.0427% 
0.9715% 
0.9501% 
0.9475% 
0.3399% 
1.5395% 
0.8472% 
0.4671% 
0.7192%
1.2074% 
0.2958% 
0.4467% 
0.4007%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
47 
1.0427% 
1.0069% 
0.9501% 
0.9475% 
0.3584% 
1.5395% 
0.8472% 
0.4671% 
0.7718%
1.2074% 
0.2958% 
0.4467% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
48 
1.0427% 
1.0069% 
0.9561% 
0.9969% 
0.3584% 
1.5395% 
0.8472% 
0.5063% 
0.7718%
1.2074% 
0.2958% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
49 
1.0427% 
1.0069% 
0.9561% 
0.9969% 
0.3628% 
1.5395% 
0.8472% 
0.5063% 
0.7718%
1.2074%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
50 
1.0427% 
1.0069% 
0.9561% 
0.9969% 
0.3628% 
1.5395% 
0.8472% 
0.5063% 
0.7718% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
51 
1.0542% 
1.0069% 
0.9561% 
0.9969% 
0.3931% 
1.5395% 
0.8472% 
0.5063% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
52 
1.0787% 
1.0069% 
0.9561% 
0.9969% 
0.3931% 
1.5395% 
0.8472% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
53 
1.0787% 
1.0069% 
0.9561% 
0.9969% 
0.3931% 
1.5395% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
54 
1.0787% 
1.0203% 
0.9561% 
0.9969% 
0.3931% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
55 
1.0792% 
1.0203% 
0.9561% 
0.9969% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
56 
1.0792% 
1.0203% 
0.9561% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
57 
1.0792% 
1.0203% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
58 
1.0792%

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
VLC Product: Classic Credit, Condition: New 
 
Sum Contract Value 
15,729,953.02 
19,968,334.89 
16,475,769.42 
15,744,003.74 
18,774,827.79 
23,297,309.85 
18,649,201.60 
24,512,671.13 
22,134,481.79 
17,124,456.06 
10,462,440.58 
17,926,918.48 
17,233,752.62 
16,759,441.29 
14,020,390.85 
19,194,068.64 
21,323,626.76 
21,364,424.19 
15,901,236.97 
16,206,683.69 
15,563,739.39 
12,846,914.57 
7,615,276.88 11,318,763.78 
8,828,756.95 
8,148,797.14 
8,063,068.71
Number of contract 
1,354 
1,667 
1,390 
1,389 
1,680 
2,062 
1,678 
2,254 
2,048 
1,616 
1,022 
1,612 
1,510 
1,597 
1,394 
1,987 
2,186 
2,361 
1,747 
1,813 
1,745 
1,443 
833 
1,265 
984 
854 
855
Age 
10-2021 
11-2021 
12-2021 
01-2022 
02-2022 
03-2022 
04-2022 
05-2022 
06-2022 
07-2022 
08-2022 
09-2022 
10-2022 
11-2022 
12-2022 
01-2023 
02-2023 
03-2023 
04-2023 
05-2023 
06-2023 
07-2023 
08-2023 
09-2023 
10-2023 
11-2023 
12-2023 
1 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1019% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
2 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1019% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%  
3 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1019% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%  
 
4 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1019% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%  
 
 
5 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1019% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000%  
 
 
 
6 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1019% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000%  
 
 
 
 
7 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1019% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
8 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1019% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
9 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1379% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1019% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0908% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
10 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1379% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2216% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0908% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1379% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2714% 
0.2216% 
0.0000% 
0.2054% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0908% 
0.0000%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
12 
0.2448% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1379% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2714% 
0.2216% 
0.0000% 
0.2054% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0908%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
13 
0.2448% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1379% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2714% 
0.2216% 
0.0000% 
0.2054% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
14 
0.2448% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2476% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3639% 
0.2272% 
0.0000% 
0.2054% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
15 
0.2448% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2476% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3639% 
0.2272% 
0.0000% 
0.4967% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
16 
0.2448% 
0.2168% 
0.0000% 
0.2476% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3639% 
0.2272% 
0.0000% 
0.4967% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
17 
0.3108% 
0.2168% 
0.0000% 
0.3811% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3639% 
0.2272% 
0.0000% 
0.4967% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
18 
0.3108% 
0.2168% 
0.0000% 
0.3811% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3639% 
0.2272% 
0.0000% 
0.4967% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
19 
0.3108% 
0.2168% 
0.0000% 
0.3811% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3639% 
0.2272% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
20 
0.3108% 
0.2168% 
0.0000% 
0.3811% 
0.0000% 
0.0091% 
0.3639% 
0.2272% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
21 
0.3108% 
0.2412% 
0.0000% 
0.3811% 
0.0000% 
0.0091% 
0.3639% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
22 
0.3108% 
0.2412% 
0.2945% 
0.3811% 
0.0000% 
0.0091% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
23 
0.3108% 
0.2412% 
0.2945% 
0.3811% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
24 
0.3454% 
0.2412% 
0.2945% 
0.3811% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
25 
0.3454% 
0.2412% 
0.2945% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
26 
0.3454% 
0.2412% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
27 
0.3454%

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
Classic Credit - Used 
VLC Product: Classic Credit, Condition: Used 
 
Sum Contract Value 
10,712,725.94 
10,877,645.52 
10,388,942.33 
10,554,229.54 
11,762,664.87 
12,268,121.35 
16,186,772.13 
9,183,212.00 
15,677,097.46 
16,290,653.59 
15,168,485.40 
17,366,812.43 
14,478,352.94 
16,346,843.90 
18,090,689.64 
16,528,833.13 
14,858,439.20 
16,328,709.72 
18,131,695.21 
11,076,233.14 
16,333,761.31 
16,213,645.47 
15,374,216.81 
18,284,798.76 
15,330,956.51 
19,471,522.87 
20,696,011.27 
17,278,369.44 
19,719,463.82 
19,258,181.73 
19,910,659.10 
Number of contract 
775 
830 
810 
809 
903 
949 
1,260 
734 
1,187 
1,238 
1,072 
1,280 
1,108 
1,215 
1,340 
1,222 
1,119 
1,204 
1,339 
874 
1,243 
1,190 
1,150 
1,291 
1,140 
1,465 
1,570 
1,324 
1,441 
1,430 
1,503 
Age 
01-2014 
02-2014 
03-2014 
04-2014 
05-2014 
06-2014 
07-2014 
08-2014 
09-2014 
10-2014 
11-2014 
12-2014 
01-2015 
02-2015 
03-2015 
04-2015 
05-2015 
06-2015 
07-2015 
08-2015 
09-2015 
10-2015 
11-2015 
12-2015 
01-2016 
02-2016 
03-2016 
04-2016 
05-2016 
06-2016 
07-2016 
1 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0740% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
3 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0740% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
4 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1122% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0740% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0518% 
0.0000% 
0.0632% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
5 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1122% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0740% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0518% 
0.0000% 
0.0632% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
6 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1122% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1801% 
0.0000% 
0.2180% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0518% 
0.0000% 
0.0632% 
0.0000% 
0.1094% 
7 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0823% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1122% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0820% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1801% 
0.0000% 
0.2180% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1906% 
0.0000% 
0.0632% 
0.0000% 
0.1094% 
8 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0823% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1107% 
0.0000% 
0.1122% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0820% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1801% 
0.0000% 
0.2180% 
0.0000% 
0.1807% 
0.1906% 
0.0000% 
0.0632% 
0.0000% 
0.1094% 
9 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0823% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1107% 
0.0000% 
0.1122% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0820% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1080% 
0.0000% 
0.1801% 
0.0000% 
0.2180% 
0.0000% 
0.1807% 
0.1906% 
0.0000% 
0.0632% 
0.0000% 
0.1727% 
10 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3534% 
0.0000% 
0.0823% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1107% 
0.0000% 
0.3603% 
0.1921% 
0.0000% 
0.0820% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2928% 
0.0000% 
0.1080% 
0.0000% 
0.1801% 
0.0000% 
0.4639% 
0.0000% 
0.1807% 
0.1906% 
0.0000% 
0.0632% 
0.0000% 
0.2020% 
11 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0676% 
0.3534% 
0.0000% 
0.4329% 
0.0989% 
0.0000% 
0.1107% 
0.2835% 
0.4475% 
0.1921% 
0.0000% 
0.0820% 
0.0000% 
0.5194% 
0.2928% 
0.0000% 
0.1080% 
0.0000% 
0.1801% 
0.2174% 
0.4639% 
0.0000% 
0.1807% 
0.1906% 
0.0000% 
0.3903% 
0.0000% 
0.2020% 
12 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0676% 
0.3534% 
0.1622% 
0.4329% 
0.0989% 
0.0595% 
0.4371% 
0.2835% 
0.4475% 
0.1921% 
0.0965% 
0.0820% 
0.1100% 
0.5194% 
0.2928% 
0.0000% 
0.1080% 
0.0000% 
0.3989% 
0.2174% 
0.4639% 
0.0000% 
0.1807% 
0.1906% 
0.0776% 
0.3903% 
0.0000% 
0.2020% 
13 
0.0000% 
0.2651% 
0.0000% 
0.0676% 
0.7350% 
0.1622% 
0.4329% 
0.0989% 
0.8562% 
0.4371% 
0.2835% 
0.4475% 
0.1921% 
0.0965% 
0.5008% 
0.1100% 
0.5194% 
0.2928% 
0.0000% 
0.1080% 
0.3890% 
0.3989% 
0.2174% 
0.4639% 
0.0000% 
0.1807% 
0.4892% 
0.0776% 
0.3903% 
0.0000% 
0.2020% 
14 
0.0000% 
0.2651% 
0.0000% 
0.5646% 
0.7350% 
0.1622% 
0.4329% 
0.6895% 
0.8562% 
0.4371% 
0.2835% 
0.4475% 
0.1921% 
0.7087% 
0.5445% 
0.1100% 
0.5194% 
0.2928% 
0.0000% 
0.3788% 
0.3890% 
0.3989% 
0.2174% 
0.4639% 
0.0254% 
0.4737% 
0.4892% 
0.0776% 
0.3903% 
0.0000% 
0.2020% 
15 
0.0000% 
0.2651% 
0.0000% 
0.5646% 
0.7350% 
0.1622% 
0.9742% 
0.6895% 
0.8562% 
0.4371% 
0.2835% 
0.4475% 
0.2859% 
0.7087% 
0.5445% 
0.1100% 
0.5194% 
0.2928% 
0.4883% 
0.3788% 
0.5030% 
0.3989% 
0.2174% 
0.4639% 
0.0254% 
0.4737% 
0.4892% 
0.0776% 
0.3903% 
0.0000% 
0.5357% 
16 
0.0000% 
0.2651% 
0.0000% 
0.5646% 
0.7350% 
0.9373% 
0.9742% 
0.6895% 
0.8562% 
0.4371% 
0.2835% 
0.4475% 
0.2859% 
0.7087% 
0.5445% 
0.1100% 
0.5194% 
0.6130% 
0.5197% 
0.3788% 
0.5030% 
0.3989% 
0.2174% 
0.8538% 
0.0254% 
0.4737% 
0.4892% 
0.0776% 
0.4368% 
0.0215% 
0.5357% 
17 
0.1553% 
0.2651% 
0.0000% 
0.5646% 
0.8084% 
0.9373% 
0.9742% 
0.6895% 
0.8562% 
0.4371% 
0.6732% 
0.4475% 
0.2859% 
0.7087% 
0.5445% 
0.1100% 
0.6941% 
0.6130% 
0.6470% 
0.3788% 
0.5030% 
0.3989% 
0.4624% 
0.8582% 
0.0254% 
0.4737% 
0.4892% 
0.0776% 
0.5251% 
0.0215% 
0.5357% 
18 
0.1553% 
0.2651% 
0.0000% 
0.9477% 
0.8084% 
0.9373% 
0.9742% 
0.6895% 
0.8562% 
0.9731% 
0.6732% 
0.4475% 
0.4432% 
0.7087% 
0.5445% 
0.4359% 
0.6941% 
0.6130% 
0.6470% 
0.5043% 
0.5030% 
0.8408% 
0.4624% 
0.8582% 
0.0254% 
0.4737% 
0.4892% 
0.2785% 
0.5251% 
0.0215% 
0.5357% 
19 
0.1553% 
0.2651% 
0.0000% 
0.9477% 
0.8084% 
0.9373% 
0.9742% 
0.6895% 
1.0842% 
0.9731% 
0.6732% 
0.4475% 
0.4432% 
0.7087% 
0.5834% 
0.4359% 
0.6941% 
0.6130% 
0.6470% 
0.5043% 
0.6633% 
0.8408% 
0.4624% 
0.8582% 
0.0254% 
0.4737% 
0.6422% 
0.2785% 
0.5251% 
0.0215% 
0.5357% 
20 
0.1553% 
0.3968% 
0.0000% 
0.9477% 
0.8084% 
0.9373% 
0.9742% 
1.1163% 
1.0842% 
0.9731% 
0.6732% 
0.4475% 
0.4432% 
1.0462% 
0.5834% 
0.4359% 
0.6941% 
0.6130% 
0.6470% 
0.6393% 
0.6633% 
0.8408% 
0.4624% 
0.8582% 
0.0254% 
0.8737% 
0.6422% 
0.3224% 
0.5251% 
0.0215% 
0.5357% 
21 
0.1553% 
0.3968% 
0.0000% 
0.9477% 
0.8084% 
0.9373% 
1.0307% 
1.1163% 
1.0842% 
0.9731% 
0.6732% 
0.4475% 
0.6823% 
1.0462% 
0.5834% 
0.4359% 
0.6941% 
0.6130% 
0.8887% 
0.6393% 
0.6633% 
0.8408% 
0.4624% 
0.8610% 
0.1131% 
0.8737% 
0.6422% 
0.3224% 
0.5251% 
0.0215% 
0.8023% 
22 
0.1553% 
0.3968% 
0.0000% 
0.9477% 
0.8084% 
1.5587% 
1.0307% 
1.1163% 
1.0842% 
0.9731% 
0.6732% 
0.8661% 
0.6823% 
1.0462% 
0.5834% 
0.4359% 
0.6941% 
0.8019% 
0.8887% 
0.6393% 
0.6633% 
0.8408% 
0.4742% 
0.9971% 
0.1131% 
0.8737% 
0.6422% 
0.3224% 
0.5251% 
0.2665% 
0.8023% 
23 
0.1553% 
0.3968% 
0.0000% 
0.9477% 
0.8084% 
1.5587% 
1.0307% 
1.1163% 
1.0842% 
0.9731% 
1.0248% 
0.8661% 
0.6823% 
1.0462% 
0.5834% 
0.4359% 
1.2884% 
0.8019% 
0.8887% 
0.6393% 
0.6633% 
0.8408% 
0.5615% 
0.9971% 
0.1131% 
0.8737% 
0.6422% 
0.3298% 
0.6360% 
0.2665% 
0.8023% 
24 
0.1553% 
0.3968% 
0.0000% 
0.9477% 
0.8084% 
1.5587% 
1.0307% 
1.1163% 
1.0842% 
1.2631% 
1.0248% 
0.8661% 
0.6823% 
1.0462% 
0.5834% 
0.4359% 
1.2884% 
0.8019% 
0.8887% 
0.6393% 
0.6633% 
1.0378% 
0.5615% 
0.9971% 
0.1131% 
0.8737% 
0.6422% 
0.3516% 
0.6360% 
0.2665% 
0.8023% 
25 
0.1553% 
0.3968% 
0.1632% 
0.9477% 
0.8084% 
1.5587% 
1.0307% 
1.1163% 
1.3943% 
1.2631% 
1.0248% 
0.8661% 
0.6823% 
1.0462% 
0.6175% 
0.4359% 
1.2884% 
0.8019% 
0.8887% 
0.6393% 
0.7110% 
1.0378% 
0.5615% 
0.9971% 
0.1131% 
0.8737% 
0.7821% 
0.3516% 
0.6360% 
0.2665% 
0.8023% 
26 
0.2426% 
0.4450% 
0.1632% 
0.9477% 
0.8084% 
1.5587% 
1.0307% 
1.2633% 
1.3943% 
1.2631% 
1.0248% 
0.8661% 
0.6823% 
1.1176% 
0.6318% 
0.4359% 
1.2884% 
0.8019% 
0.8887% 
0.6393% 
0.7110% 
1.0378% 
0.5615% 
0.9971% 
0.1131% 
0.8737% 
0.7821% 
0.3516% 
0.6360% 
0.2665% 
0.8023% 
27 
0.3560% 
0.4450% 
0.1632% 
0.9477% 
0.8084% 
1.5587% 
1.4690% 
1.2633% 
1.3943% 
1.2631% 
1.0248% 
0.8661% 
0.9153% 
1.1176% 
0.6318% 
0.4359% 
1.2884% 
0.8019% 
1.0224% 
0.6393% 
0.7110% 
1.0378% 
0.5615% 
0.9971% 
0.2280% 
0.8737% 
0.7821% 
0.3516% 
0.6360% 
0.2665% 
1.0133% 
28 
0.3560% 
0.4450% 
0.1632% 
0.9477% 
0.8084% 
1.7437% 
1.4690% 
1.2633% 
1.3943% 
1.2631% 
1.0452% 
0.8661% 
0.9153% 
1.1176% 
0.6318% 
0.4359% 
1.2884% 
0.8019% 
1.0224% 
0.6393% 
0.7110% 
1.0493% 
0.5615% 
1.1311% 
0.2280% 
0.8737% 
0.7821% 
0.3516% 
0.6360% 
0.3981% 
1.0133% 
29 
0.3560% 
0.4450% 
0.1632% 
0.9477% 
1.2895% 
1.7437% 
1.4690% 
1.2633% 
1.4012% 
1.2631% 
1.4425% 
0.8661% 
0.9153% 
1.1176% 
0.6318% 
0.4359% 
1.4077% 
0.8019% 
1.0224% 
0.6393% 
0.7110% 
1.0493% 
0.9187% 
1.1311% 
0.2280% 
0.9317% 
0.8205% 
0.3516% 
0.7340% 
0.3981% 
1.0133% 
30 
0.3560% 
0.4450% 
0.1632% 
1.1701% 
1.2895% 
1.7437% 
1.4690% 
1.2633% 
1.4012% 
1.4831% 
1.4425% 
0.8661% 
0.9153% 
1.1176% 
0.6318% 
0.4934% 
1.4077% 
0.8019% 
1.0224% 
0.6393% 
0.7110% 
1.2902% 
0.9187% 
1.1311% 
0.2280% 
0.9320% 
0.8775% 
0.6282% 
0.7340% 
0.3981% 
1.0133% 
31 
0.3560% 
0.4450% 
0.2828% 
1.1701% 
1.2895% 
1.7437% 
1.4690% 
1.2633% 
1.5743% 
1.4831% 
1.4425% 
0.8661% 
0.9153% 
1.1176% 
0.6318% 
0.4934% 
1.4077% 
0.8019% 
1.0430% 
0.6393% 
0.7561% 
1.2902% 
0.9200% 
1.1311% 
0.2280% 
0.9320% 
0.9959% 
0.6282% 
0.7340% 
0.3981% 
1.0133% 
32 
0.3560% 
0.5444% 
0.2828% 
1.1701% 
1.3145% 
1.7910% 
1.4690% 
1.3583% 
1.5743% 
1.4831% 
1.4425% 
0.8661% 
0.9153% 
1.3273% 
0.6318% 
0.4934% 
1.4077% 
0.8019% 
1.0430% 
0.7165% 
0.7561% 
1.2902% 
0.9200% 
1.1311% 
0.2280% 
0.9798% 
0.9959% 
0.6282% 
0.7340% 
0.6431% 
1.0133% 
33 
0.3560% 
0.5843% 
0.2828% 
1.1701% 
1.3145% 
1.7910% 
1.5813% 
1.3583% 
1.5743% 
1.4831% 
1.4425% 
0.8661% 
0.9694% 
1.3273% 
0.6318% 
0.4934% 
1.4077% 
0.8019% 
1.1076% 
0.7165% 
0.7750% 
1.2902% 
0.9305% 
1.1311% 
0.2650% 
1.0380% 
0.9959% 
0.6282% 
0.7340% 
0.6431% 
1.2770% 
34 
0.3560% 
0.7730% 
0.2828% 
1.1701% 
1.3145% 
1.9224% 
1.5813% 
1.3583% 
1.5743% 
1.4831% 
1.4425% 
1.0504% 
0.9694% 
1.3273% 
0.6318% 
0.4934% 
1.4077% 
0.8019% 
1.1076% 
0.7165% 
0.7988% 
1.2902% 
0.9305% 
1.2315% 
0.2650% 
1.0380% 
0.9959% 
0.6282% 
0.7340% 
0.6536% 
1.2770% 
35 
0.3560% 
0.7730% 
0.2828% 
1.1701% 
1.3145% 
1.9224% 
1.5813% 
1.3583% 
1.5743% 
1.4831% 
1.4755% 
1.0504% 
0.9694% 
1.3273% 
0.6318% 
0.5280% 
1.6331% 
0.8019% 
1.1076% 
0.7165% 
0.7988% 
1.2902% 
1.0126% 
1.2315% 
0.2650% 
1.0380% 
0.9959% 
0.6282% 
0.8468% 
0.6536% 
1.2770% 
36 
0.3560% 
0.7730% 
0.2828% 
1.2123% 
1.3145% 
1.9224% 
1.5813% 
1.3583% 
1.5743% 
1.4960% 
1.4755% 
1.0504% 
0.9694% 
1.3273% 
0.6318% 
0.7094% 
1.6331% 
0.8019% 
1.1076% 
0.7165% 
0.7988% 
1.4474% 
1.0126% 
1.2315% 
0.2794% 
1.0380% 
0.9959% 
0.6600% 
0.8468% 
0.6536% 
1.2770% 
37 
0.3560% 
0.7730% 
0.2828% 
1.2123% 
1.3145% 
1.9224% 
1.5813% 
1.3583% 
1.6328% 
1.4960% 
1.4755% 
1.0504% 
0.9694% 
1.3273% 
0.8071% 
0.7791% 
1.6331% 
0.8019% 
1.1076% 
0.7165% 
0.9395% 
1.4474% 
1.0126% 
1.2315% 
0.2794% 
1.0380% 
1.1415% 
0.6600% 
0.8468% 
0.6536% 
1.2770% 
38 
0.3560% 
0.8056% 
0.2828% 
1.2123% 
1.3145% 
1.9224% 
1.5813% 
1.4443% 
1.6328% 
1.4960% 
1.4755% 
1.0504% 
0.9694% 
1.6701% 
0.8661% 
0.7791% 
1.6331% 
0.8019% 
1.1076% 
0.7165% 
0.9395% 
1.4777% 
1.0126% 
1.2315% 
0.2794% 
1.0380% 
1.1415% 
0.6600% 
0.8468% 
0.6536% 
1.2770% 
39 
0.3560% 
0.8056% 
0.2828% 
1.2123% 
1.3145% 
1.9224% 
1.7501% 
1.4443% 
1.6328% 
1.4960% 
1.4755% 
1.1365% 
1.0294% 
1.6701% 
0.8661% 
0.7791% 
1.6331% 
0.8019% 
1.1076% 
0.7165% 
0.9395% 
1.4777% 
1.0126% 
1.2315% 
0.2794% 
1.0506% 
1.1415% 
0.6786% 
0.8468% 
0.6536% 
1.4200% 
40 
0.3560% 
0.8056% 
0.2828% 
1.2123% 
1.3145% 
1.9712% 
1.7501% 
1.4443% 
1.6328% 
1.4960% 
1.4755% 
1.2357% 
1.0294% 
1.6701% 
0.8661% 
0.7814% 
1.8159% 
0.9468% 
1.1076% 
0.7274% 
0.9395% 
1.4777% 
1.0365% 
1.4407% 
0.2794% 
1.0506% 
1.1415% 
0.6786% 
0.8468% 
0.8096% 
1.4200% 
41 
0.3560% 
0.8056% 
0.2828% 
1.3959% 
1.3693% 
1.9827% 
1.7501% 
1.4443% 
1.6451% 
1.4960% 
1.5143% 
1.2357% 
1.0294% 
1.6701% 
0.8661% 
0.7814% 
1.8159% 
0.9468% 
1.1076% 
0.7274% 
0.9395% 
1.4777% 
1.1456% 
1.4407% 
0.2794% 
1.0506% 
1.1415% 
0.6786% 
0.9176% 
0.8096% 
1.4200% 
42 
0.3560% 
0.8056% 
0.2828% 
1.3959% 
1.3693% 
1.9827% 
1.7501% 
1.4443% 
1.6451% 
1.6008% 
1.5143% 
1.2357% 
1.0294% 
1.6887% 
0.8661% 
0.8561% 
1.8159% 
0.9468% 
1.1076% 
0.7274% 
0.9395% 
1.6646% 
1.2513% 
1.4407% 
0.2794% 
1.0506% 
1.1415% 
0.7350% 
0.9486% 
0.8096% 
1.4200% 
43 
0.3560% 
0.8056% 
0.3154% 
1.5373% 
1.3693% 
1.9827% 
1.7501% 
1.4443% 
1.7059% 
1.6008% 
1.5143% 
1.2357% 
1.0294% 
1.7654% 
0.9384% 
0.8561% 
1.8159% 
0.9468% 
1.1572% 
0.7274% 
1.0456% 
1.6646% 
1.2513% 
1.4407% 
0.2794% 
1.0506% 
1.1415% 
0.7350% 
0.9486% 
0.8096% 
1.4200% 
44 
0.3560% 
0.8056% 
0.3154% 
1.5373% 
1.3693% 
1.9827% 
1.7501% 
1.4809% 
1.7059% 
1.6008% 
1.5143% 
1.2357% 
1.0294% 
1.8469% 
0.9384% 
0.8561% 
1.8309% 
0.9468% 
1.1572% 
0.7790% 
1.0456% 
1.6646% 
1.2513% 
1.4407% 
0.2794% 
1.0722% 
1.1415% 
0.7350% 
0.9486% 
0.8096% 
1.5460% 
45 
0.3560% 
0.8056% 
0.3154% 
1.5373% 
1.3693% 
1.9827% 
1.7878% 
1.4809% 
1.7059% 
1.6008% 
1.5143% 
1.2357% 
1.0294% 
1.8469% 
0.9384% 
0.8561% 
1.8309% 
0.9468% 
1.2016% 
0.7790% 
1.0456% 
1.6646% 
1.2513% 
1.4407% 
0.2847% 
1.0722% 
1.1415% 
0.7350% 
0.9486% 
0.8502% 
1.5460% 
46 
0.3560% 
0.8056% 
0.3154% 
1.5373% 
1.3693% 
2.0900% 
1.7878% 
1.4809% 
1.7059% 
1.6008% 
1.5143% 
1.2476% 
1.0294% 
1.8469% 
0.9384% 
0.8561% 
1.8309% 
1.0502% 
1.2016% 
0.7790% 
1.0456% 
1.6646% 
1.2513% 
1.4407% 
0.2847% 
1.0722% 
1.1415% 
0.7350% 
0.9718% 
0.8502% 
1.5460% 
47 
0.3560% 
0.8056% 
0.3154% 
1.5373% 
1.4019% 
2.0900% 
1.8048% 
1.4809% 
1.7059% 
1.6008% 
1.5770% 
1.2476% 
1.0294% 
1.8469% 
0.9384% 
0.8561% 
1.8417% 
1.0502% 
1.2016% 
0.7790% 
1.0456% 
1.6646% 
1.2513% 
1.4439% 
0.2847% 
1.0904% 
1.1429% 
0.8790% 
0.9718% 
0.8502% 
1.5460% 
48 
0.3560% 
0.8056% 
0.3154% 
1.8458% 
1.4019% 
2.0900% 
1.8048% 
1.4809% 
1.7059% 
1.7763% 
1.5770% 
1.2476% 
1.0294% 
1.8528% 
0.9384% 
0.8870% 
1.8417% 
1.0502% 
1.2016% 
0.7790% 
1.0456% 
1.7580% 
1.2513% 
1.4439% 
0.2847% 
1.0904% 
1.1836% 
0.8790% 
0.9774% 
0.8682% 
1.5576% 
49 
0.3560% 
0.8056% 
0.3318% 
1.8458% 
1.4019% 
2.0900% 
1.8048% 
1.4809% 
1.7551% 
1.7763% 
1.5770% 
1.2476% 
1.0294% 
1.8528% 
1.0078% 
0.8870% 
1.8417% 
1.0502% 
1.2016% 
0.7790% 
1.0498% 
1.7854% 
1.2513% 
1.4891% 
0.2847% 
1.1872% 
1.1836% 
0.8790% 
1.0378% 
0.8682% 
1.5576% 
50 
0.3560% 
0.8056% 
0.3318% 
1.8458% 
1.4082% 
2.0900% 
1.8142% 
1.5218% 
1.7551% 
1.7763% 
1.5770% 
1.2476% 
1.0294% 
1.8681% 
1.0407% 
0.8870% 
1.8417% 
1.0502% 
1.2016% 
0.8714% 
1.0498% 
1.7854% 
1.2513% 
1.4891% 
0.3506% 
1.1872% 
1.1836% 
0.8832% 
1.0378% 
0.8682% 
1.5576% 
51 
0.3560% 
0.8056% 
0.3318% 
1.8458% 
1.4082% 
2.0900% 
1.9439% 
1.6156% 
1.7551% 
1.7763% 
1.5770% 
1.2476% 
1.0444% 
1.8681% 
1.0407% 
0.8870% 
1.8417% 
1.0502% 
1.2100% 
0.8714% 
1.0498% 
1.7854% 
1.2513% 
1.6223% 
0.3506% 
1.1872% 
1.1836% 
0.8849% 
1.0378% 
0.8690% 
1.5957% 
52 
0.3560% 
0.8056% 
0.3318% 
1.8458% 
1.4082% 
2.0900% 
1.9439% 
1.6156% 
1.7551% 
1.7763% 
1.5770% 
1.2602% 
1.0444% 
1.8681% 
1.0407% 
0.8870% 
1.8417% 
1.1102% 
1.2458% 
0.8714% 
1.0498% 
1.7854% 
1.2948% 
1.6223% 
0.3506% 
1.1920% 
1.1878% 
0.8849% 
1.0396% 
0.8701% 
1.5957% 
53 
0.3560% 
0.8056% 
0.3318% 
1.8458% 
1.4082% 
2.0900% 
1.9439% 
1.6156% 
1.7551% 
1.7763% 
1.6227% 
1.2602% 
1.0444% 
1.8681% 
1.0407% 
0.8870% 
1.8417% 
1.1102% 
1.2527% 
0.8714% 
1.0498% 
1.8576% 
1.2948% 
1.6223% 
0.4145% 
1.1920% 
1.1920% 
0.8849% 
1.0396% 
0.8701% 
1.5957% 
54 
0.3560% 
0.8056% 
0.3318% 
2.1285% 
1.4082% 
2.0900% 
1.9439% 
1.6156% 
1.7551% 
1.7763% 
1.6227% 
1.2602% 
1.0444% 
1.8681% 
1.0407% 
0.8870% 
1.8417% 
1.1102% 
1.2527% 
0.8714% 
1.1989% 
1.8576% 
1.2948% 
1.6223% 
0.4145% 
1.1920% 
1.1920% 
0.9100% 
1.0396% 
0.8701% 
1.5957% 
55 
0.3560% 
0.8056% 
0.3449% 
2.1285% 
1.4082% 
2.0900% 
1.9696% 
1.6156% 
1.8918% 
1.7763% 
1.6899% 
1.2602% 
1.0444% 
1.8681% 
1.0507% 
0.8870% 
1.8417% 
1.1102% 
1.2527% 
1.0730% 
1.1989% 
1.8576% 
1.3564% 
1.6223% 
0.4145% 
1.1920% 
1.1920% 
0.9100% 
1.0408% 
0.8701% 
1.6036% 
56 
0.3560% 
0.8185% 
0.3449% 
2.1285% 
1.4082% 
2.0900% 
1.9809% 
1.6667% 
1.8918% 
1.7763% 
1.6899% 
1.2602% 
1.0444% 
1.9032% 
1.0507% 
0.8870% 
1.8417% 
1.1102% 
1.2527% 
1.0730% 
1.1989% 
1.8588% 
1.3564% 
1.6223% 
0.4145% 
1.1920% 
1.2108% 
0.9100% 
1.0457% 
0.9014% 
1.6287% 
57 
0.3560% 
0.8185% 
0.3449% 
2.1512% 
1.4082% 
2.1260% 
2.0161% 
1.6667% 
1.8918% 
1.7763% 
1.6899% 
1.2602% 
1.0560% 
1.9032% 
1.0507% 
0.8870% 
1.8417% 
1.2113% 
1.2527% 
1.0730% 
1.1989% 
1.8713% 
1.3564% 
1.6223% 
0.4233% 
1.1920% 
1.2152% 
0.9100% 
1.0457% 
0.9571% 
1.6287% 
58 
0.3560% 
0.8185% 
0.3449% 
2.1512% 
1.4082% 
2.1260% 
2.0161% 
1.6667% 
1.8918% 
1.7763% 
1.6899% 
1.2721% 
1.0560% 
1.9032% 
1.0507% 
0.8870% 
1.8619% 
1.2113% 
1.2711% 
1.0750% 
1.1989% 
1.8713% 
1.3968% 
1.6515% 
0.4320% 
1.1920% 
1.2152% 
0.9100% 
1.1035% 
0.9847% 
1.6287% 
59 
0.3560% 
0.8185% 
0.3449% 
2.1512% 
1.4368% 
2.1260% 
2.0161% 
1.6667% 
1.8918% 
1.7763% 
1.6899% 
1.2721% 
1.0560% 
1.9032% 
1.0507% 
0.8953% 
1.8619% 
1.2113% 
1.2711% 
1.0750% 
1.1989% 
1.8713% 
1.4100% 
1.6596% 
0.4320% 
1.1920% 
1.2152% 
0.9100% 
1.1035% 
0.9847% 
1.6771% 
60 
0.3560% 
0.8185% 
0.3449% 
2.3013% 
1.4368% 
2.1260% 
2.0161% 
1.6667% 
1.8918% 
1.7763% 
1.6899% 
1.2721% 
1.0560% 
1.9032% 
1.0545% 
0.8953% 
1.8619% 
1.2113% 
1.2711% 
1.0750% 
1.1989% 
1.8713% 
1.4100% 
1.6596% 
0.4320% 
1.1920% 
1.2152% 
0.9100% 
1.1054% 
1.0039% 
1.6790% 
61 
0.3560% 
0.8185% 
0.3642% 
2.3013% 
1.4368% 
2.1260% 
2.0161% 
1.6667% 
1.8976% 
1.7763% 
1.6899% 
1.2721% 
1.0560% 
1.9032% 
1.0545% 
0.8953% 
1.8619% 
1.2113% 
1.2711% 
1.0750% 
1.1989% 
1.8916% 
1.4100% 
1.6596% 
0.4320% 
1.2639% 
1.2152% 
0.9100% 
1.1054% 
1.0039% 
1.6790% 
62 
0.3560% 
0.8185% 
0.3642% 
2.3013% 
1.4420% 
2.1260% 
2.0161% 
1.6667% 
1.8976% 
1.7763% 
1.6899% 
1.2721% 
1.1213% 
1.9032% 
1.0545% 
0.9505% 
1.8619% 
1.2113% 
1.2711% 
1.0750% 
1.1989% 
1.8916% 
1.4100% 
1.6596% 
0.4667% 
1.2639% 
1.2152% 
0.9100% 
1.1054% 
1.0039% 
1.6790% 
63 
0.3816% 
0.8185% 
0.3642% 
2.3013% 
1.4420% 
2.1260% 
2.0161% 
1.6667% 
1.8976% 
1.7763% 
1.6899% 
1.2721% 
1.1213% 
1.9032% 
1.0545% 
0.9645% 
1.8619% 
1.2113% 
1.2711% 
1.0750% 
1.1989% 
1.8916% 
1.4100% 
1.7311% 
0.4667% 
1.2639% 
1.2294% 
0.9100% 
1.1054% 
1.0039% 
1.7032% 
64 
0.3816% 
0.8185% 
0.3642% 
2.3013% 
1.4420% 
2.1929% 
2.0161% 
1.6667% 
1.8976% 
1.7763% 
1.7144% 
1.2721% 
1.1213% 
1.9398% 
1.0567% 
0.9645% 
1.8858% 
1.2113% 
1.2711% 
1.0750% 
1.2007% 
1.8916% 
1.4698% 
1.7311% 
0.4667% 
1.2715% 
1.2294% 
0.9100% 
1.1054% 
1.0549% 
1.7159% 
65 
0.3816% 
0.8185% 
0.3642% 
2.3013% 
1.4420% 
2.1929% 
2.0161% 
1.6667% 
1.8976% 
1.7763% 
1.7144% 
1.2721% 
1.1213% 
1.9398% 
1.0567% 
0.9645% 
1.8935% 
1.2359% 
1.2711% 
1.0750% 
1.2007% 
1.8916% 
1.4698% 
1.7311% 
0.5520% 
1.2725% 
1.2294% 
0.9100% 
1.1133% 
1.0549% 
1.7159% 
66 
0.3816% 
0.8185% 
0.3642% 
2.3013% 
1.4420% 
2.1929% 
2.0161% 
1.6667% 
2.1880% 
1.7763% 
1.7144% 
1.2721% 
1.1213% 
1.9398% 
1.0573% 
0.9772% 
1.8935% 
1.2401% 
1.2711% 
1.0750% 
1.2654% 
1.9392% 
1.4698% 
1.7533% 
0.5520% 
1.2725% 
1.2294% 
0.9100% 
1.1133% 
1.0549% 
1.7159% 
67 
0.3816% 
0.8185% 
0.3754% 
2.3013% 
1.4420% 
2.1929% 
2.0161% 
1.6667% 
2.1880% 
1.7763% 
1.7144% 
1.2721% 
1.1213% 
1.9398% 
1.0573% 
0.9772% 
1.8935% 
1.2401% 
1.2711% 
1.0750% 
1.2654% 
1.9441% 
1.5274% 
1.7533% 
0.5520% 
1.2725% 
1.2376% 
0.9100% 
1.1133% 
1.0600% 
1.7159% 
68 
0.3816% 
0.8185% 
0.3754% 
2.3013% 
1.4420% 
2.1929% 
2.0161% 
1.6667% 
2.1880% 
1.7962% 
1.7144% 
1.2721% 
1.1213% 
1.9459% 
1.0573% 
0.9772% 
1.8935% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.0750% 
1.2654% 
1.9638% 
1.5315% 
1.7533% 
0.5520% 
1.2725% 
1.2538% 
0.9100% 
1.1133% 
1.0600% 
1.7244% 
69 
0.3816% 
0.8185% 
0.3754% 
2.3013% 
1.4420% 
2.2579% 
2.0161% 
1.6667% 
2.1880% 
1.7962% 
1.7144% 
1.2721% 
1.1213% 
1.9459% 
1.0609% 
0.9772% 
1.8935% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.0783% 
1.2654% 
1.9638% 
1.5315% 
1.7533% 
0.6085% 
1.2725% 
1.2538% 
0.9174% 
1.1133% 
1.0799% 
1.7244% 
70 
0.3816% 
0.8185% 
0.3754% 
2.3013% 
1.5498% 
2.2579% 
2.0161% 
1.6667% 
2.1880% 
1.7962% 
1.7144% 
1.2721% 
1.1223% 
1.9459% 
1.0609% 
0.9772% 
1.9268% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.0783% 
1.2654% 
1.9638% 
1.5561% 
1.7533% 
0.6085% 
1.2725% 
1.2538% 
0.9174% 
1.1175% 
1.0799% 
1.7244% 
71 
0.3816% 
0.8185% 
0.3754% 
2.3099% 
1.5780% 
2.2579% 
2.0161% 
1.6667% 
2.1913% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1223% 
1.9459% 
1.0609% 
0.9772% 
1.9268% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.0783% 
1.2654% 
1.9638% 
1.5877% 
1.7533% 
0.6085% 
1.2725% 
1.2538% 
0.9486% 
1.1380% 
1.0799% 
1.7244% 
72 
0.3816% 
0.8185% 
0.3754% 
2.3099% 
1.5780% 
2.2579% 
2.0161% 
1.6667% 
2.1913% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1223% 
1.9465% 
1.0677% 
0.9772% 
1.9268% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.0783% 
1.2654% 
1.9740% 
1.5877% 
1.7533% 
0.6085% 
1.2725% 
1.3001% 
0.9486% 
1.1380% 
1.1191% 
1.7244% 
73 
0.3816% 
0.8185% 
0.3754% 
2.3099% 
1.5780% 
2.2579% 
2.0161% 
1.6667% 
2.1913% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1223% 
1.9465% 
1.0677% 
0.9772% 
1.9268% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.0783% 
1.2681% 
1.9740% 
1.5877% 
1.7533% 
0.6085% 
1.2725% 
1.3001% 
0.9486% 
1.1380% 
1.1191% 
1.7244% 
74 
0.3816% 
0.8185% 
0.3754% 
2.3099% 
1.5780% 
2.2579% 
2.0262% 
1.6667% 
2.1913% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9465% 
1.0677% 
0.9772% 
1.9268% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.1084% 
1.2681% 
1.9740% 
1.5877% 
1.7533% 
0.6193% 
1.2725% 
1.3001% 
0.9554% 
1.1468% 
1.1191% 
1.7244% 
75 
0.3816% 
0.8185% 
0.3754% 
2.3099% 
1.5780% 
2.2579% 
2.0285% 
1.6667% 
2.1913% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9465% 
1.0677% 
0.9772% 
1.9268% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.1084% 
1.2681% 
1.9740% 
1.5877% 
1.7533% 
0.6193% 
1.2862% 
1.3001% 
0.9554% 
1.1468% 
1.1191% 
1.7302% 
76 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3754% 
2.3099% 
1.5780% 
2.2579% 
2.0285% 
1.6667% 
2.1913% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
0.9772% 
1.9268% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.1084% 
1.2681% 
1.9812% 
1.5877% 
1.7533% 
0.6193% 
1.2862% 
1.3001% 
0.9554% 
1.1468% 
1.1191% 
1.7302% 
77 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3754% 
2.3099% 
1.5780% 
2.2579% 
2.0285% 
1.6667% 
2.1913% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
0.9772% 
1.9330% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.1084% 
1.2681% 
1.9952% 
1.5877% 
1.7533% 
0.6193% 
1.2862% 
1.3001% 
0.9554% 
1.1485% 
1.1191% 
1.7302% 
78 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3754% 
2.3099% 
1.5780% 
2.2579% 
2.0568% 
1.6667% 
2.1913% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
0.9772% 
1.9330% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.1084% 
1.2928% 
1.9952% 
1.5877% 
1.7533% 
0.6193% 
1.2874% 
1.3001% 
1.0157% 
1.1485% 
1.1191% 
1.7302% 
79 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3754% 
2.3099% 
1.5780% 
2.2579% 
2.0568% 
1.6874% 
2.1913% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
0.9772% 
1.9330% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.1151% 
1.2928% 
1.9952% 
1.5877% 
1.7533% 
0.6193% 
1.2874% 
1.3001% 
1.0157% 
1.1485% 
1.1191% 
1.7302% 
80 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3754% 
2.3099% 
1.5780% 
2.2579% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.1913% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
0.9772% 
1.9330% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.1151% 
1.2928% 
1.9952% 
1.5877% 
1.7550% 
0.6221% 
1.2989% 
1.3001% 
1.0157% 
1.1485% 
1.1191% 
1.7466% 
81 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3754% 
2.3099% 
1.5780% 
2.2579% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.1913% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
0.9772% 
1.9330% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.1151% 
1.2928% 
1.9952% 
1.5877% 
1.7550% 
0.6221% 
1.2989% 
1.3001% 
1.0157% 
1.1485% 
1.1293% 
1.7466% 
82 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3754% 
2.3099% 
1.6036% 
2.2579% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.1913% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
1.0138% 
1.9330% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.1151% 
1.2928% 
1.9952% 
1.5877% 
1.7550% 
0.6221% 
1.2989% 
1.3010% 
1.0157% 
1.1485% 
1.1293% 
1.7466% 
83 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3754% 
2.3099% 
1.6036% 
2.2579% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.1913% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
1.0138% 
1.9330% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.1151% 
1.2928% 
1.9952% 
1.5877% 
1.7550% 
0.6221% 
1.2989% 
1.3010% 
1.0157% 
1.1485% 
1.1293% 
1.7466% 
84 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3754% 
2.3099% 
1.6036% 
2.2579% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.1913% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
1.0138% 
1.9330% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.1151% 
1.2928% 
1.9952% 
1.5877% 
1.7550% 
0.6221% 
1.2989% 
1.3010% 
1.0157% 
1.1485% 
1.1293% 
1.7466% 
85 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3754% 
2.3099% 
1.6036% 
2.2579% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.1913% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
1.0138% 
1.9330% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.1151% 
1.2928% 
1.9952% 
1.5877% 
1.7550% 
0.6221% 
1.3479% 
1.3010% 
1.0157% 
1.1485% 
1.1293% 
1.7466% 
86 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3754% 
2.3099% 
1.6036% 
2.2579% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.1913% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
1.0138% 
1.9330% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.1765% 
1.2928% 
1.9952% 
1.5877% 
1.7550% 
0.6221% 
1.3479% 
1.3010% 
1.0157% 
1.1485% 
1.1293% 
1.7466% 
87 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6036% 
2.2579% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.1913% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
1.0138% 
1.9330% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.1765% 
1.2928% 
1.9952% 
1.5877% 
1.7550% 
0.6221% 
1.3479% 
1.3010% 
1.0157% 
1.1485% 
1.1293% 
1.7466% 
88 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6036% 
2.2579% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.1913% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
1.0138% 
1.9330% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.1765% 
1.2928% 
1.9952% 
1.5877% 
1.7550% 
0.6221% 
1.3479% 
1.3010% 
1.0157% 
1.1485% 
1.1293% 
1.7466% 
89 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6036% 
2.2579% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.1913% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
1.0138% 
1.9330% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.1765% 
1.2928% 
1.9952% 
1.5877% 
1.7550% 
0.6221% 
1.3479% 
1.3010% 
1.0157% 
1.1485% 
1.1293% 
1.7466% 
90 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6036% 
2.2579% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.1913% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
1.0138% 
1.9330% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.1765% 
1.2928% 
1.9952% 
1.5877% 
1.7550% 
0.6221% 
1.3479% 
1.3010% 
1.0157% 
1.1485% 
1.1293% 
1.7466% 
91 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6055% 
2.2579% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.1913% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
1.0138% 
1.9330% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.1765% 
1.2928% 
1.9952% 
1.5877% 
1.7550% 
0.6221% 
1.3479% 
1.3010% 
1.0157% 
1.1485% 
1.1293% 
 
92 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6055% 
2.2579% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.1913% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
1.0138% 
1.9330% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.1765% 
1.2928% 
1.9952% 
1.5877% 
1.7550% 
0.6221% 
1.3479% 
1.3010% 
1.0157% 
1.1485% 
 
 
93 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6055% 
2.2579% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.1913% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
1.0138% 
1.9330% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.1765% 
1.2928% 
1.9952% 
1.5877% 
1.7550% 
0.6221% 
1.3479% 
1.3010% 
1.0157% 
 
 
 
94 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6055% 
2.2579% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.1913% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
1.0138% 
1.9330% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.1765% 
1.2928% 
1.9952% 
1.5877% 
1.7550% 
0.6221% 
1.3479% 
1.3010% 
 
 
 
 
95 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6055% 
2.3075% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.1913% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
1.0138% 
1.9330% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.1765% 
1.2928% 
1.9952% 
1.5877% 
1.7550% 
0.6221% 
1.3479% 
 
 
 
 
 
96 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6055% 
2.3075% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.1913% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
1.0138% 
1.9330% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.1765% 
1.2928% 
1.9952% 
1.5877% 
1.7550% 
0.6221% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
97 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6055% 
2.3075% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.1913% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
1.0138% 
1.9330% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.1765% 
1.2928% 
1.9952% 
1.5877% 
1.7550% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
98 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6055% 
2.3075% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.1913% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
1.0138% 
1.9330% 
1.2401% 
1.3277% 
1.1765% 
1.2928% 
1.9952% 
1.5877% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
99 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6055% 
2.3075% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.2330% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
1.0138% 
1.9330% 
1.2401% 
1.3614% 
1.1765% 
1.2928% 
1.9952% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
100 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6055% 
2.3075% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.2330% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
1.0138% 
1.9330% 
1.2401% 
1.3614% 
1.1765% 
1.2928% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
101 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6055% 
2.3075% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.2330% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
1.0138% 
1.9330% 
1.2401% 
1.3614% 
1.1765% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
102 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6055% 
2.3075% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.2330% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
1.0138% 
1.9330% 
1.2401% 
1.3614% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
103 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6055% 
2.3075% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.2330% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
1.0138% 
1.9330% 
1.2401% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
104 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6055% 
2.3075% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.2330% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
1.0138% 
1.9330% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
105 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6055% 
2.3075% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.2330% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
1.0138% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
106 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6055% 
2.3075% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.2330% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
1.0677% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
107 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6055% 
2.3075% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.2330% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
1.9581% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
108 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6055% 
2.3075% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.2330% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
1.1367% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
109 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6055% 
2.3075% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.2330% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
1.2744% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
110 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6055% 
2.3075% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.2330% 
1.7962% 
1.7241% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
111 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6055% 
2.3075% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.2330% 
1.7962% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
112 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6055% 
2.3075% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
2.2330% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
113 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6055% 
2.3075% 
2.0568% 
1.6908% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
114 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6055% 
2.3075% 
2.0568% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
115 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6055% 
2.3075% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
116 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
1.6055% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
117 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
2.3099% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
118 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
0.3923% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
119 
0.3816% 
0.8263% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
120 
0.3816%

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
VLC Product: Classic Credit, Condition: Used 
 
Sum Contract Value 
14,276,318.22 
21,270,317.80 
33,142,614.37 
33,988,407.74 
32,652,329.83 
22,156,139.44 
22,264,814.33 
26,156,512.52 
20,326,728.68 
26,744,700.10 
21,867,122.25 
24,513,534.18 
19,805,892.80 
27,153,456.16 
29,242,928.34 
29,525,716.53 
27,570,800.12 
29,164,006.10 
27,265,013.08 
29,947,290.45 
24,812,002.37 
29,105,353.73 
26,756,210.94 
30,336,430.97 
21,763,475.14 
30,289,428.32 
34,202,089.95 
31,695,554.67 
25,944,687.43 
31,173,938.05 
27,362,363.17 
Number of contract 
1,101 
1,603 
2,174 
2,175 
2,119 
1,592 
1,707 
1,975 
1,521 
1,917 
1,623 
1,830 
1,525 
2,054 
2,191 
2,144 
1,956 
2,211 
2,051 
2,282 
1,847 
2,160 
2,019 
2,230 
1,615 
2,245 
2,462 
2,269 
1,873 
2,376 
2,078
Age 
08-2016 
09-2016 
10-2016 
11-2016 
12-2016 
01-2017 
02-2017 
03-2017 
04-2017 
05-2017 
06-2017 
07-2017 
08-2017 
09-2017 
10-2017 
11-2017 
12-2017 
01-2018 
02-2018 
03-2018 
04-2018 
05-2018 
06-2018 
07-2018 
08-2018 
09-2018 
10-2018 
11-2018 
12-2018 
01-2019 
02-2019 
1 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
2 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
3 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
4 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0528% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
5 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0528% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
6 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0312% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0528% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
7 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0312% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1113% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0872% 
0.0000% 
0.0810% 
0.0528% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0637% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
8 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0312% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1499% 
0.1113% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0625% 
0.0872% 
0.0382% 
0.0810% 
0.1584% 
0.0000% 
0.0564% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0637% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
9 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0312% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1310% 
0.1499% 
0.1113% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0169% 
0.0625% 
0.0872% 
0.0382% 
0.0810% 
0.1584% 
0.0528% 
0.0564% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0637% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
10 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0312% 
0.0000% 
0.0366% 
0.1310% 
0.1499% 
0.1113% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1195% 
0.1225% 
0.0922% 
0.0872% 
0.0382% 
0.0810% 
0.1920% 
0.0528% 
0.0564% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1276% 
0.0637% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
11 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0312% 
0.0656% 
0.0366% 
0.1310% 
0.1499% 
0.1113% 
0.0000% 
0.1271% 
0.1195% 
0.1225% 
0.0922% 
0.0872% 
0.0382% 
0.0810% 
0.1920% 
0.0528% 
0.0564% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1557% 
0.1276% 
0.0637% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1296% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
12 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2669% 
0.0656% 
0.0366% 
0.1310% 
0.1499% 
0.1113% 
0.0593% 
0.1271% 
0.1195% 
0.1225% 
0.0922% 
0.0872% 
0.0938% 
0.0810% 
0.1920% 
0.0528% 
0.0564% 
0.0000% 
0.1942% 
0.1557% 
0.1276% 
0.0637% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0506% 
0.1296% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
13 
0.0000% 
0.0630% 
0.2669% 
0.0656% 
0.0366% 
0.1310% 
0.1499% 
0.3781% 
0.0593% 
0.1271% 
0.1195% 
0.1225% 
0.0922% 
0.1271% 
0.0938% 
0.0810% 
0.2818% 
0.0528% 
0.0564% 
0.3472% 
0.1942% 
0.1557% 
0.1276% 
0.0637% 
0.0000% 
0.0809% 
0.0506% 
0.1296% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2380%
14 
0.1160% 
0.0630% 
0.2669% 
0.0656% 
0.0366% 
0.1310% 
0.2032% 
0.3781% 
0.0593% 
0.1271% 
0.1195% 
0.1225% 
0.0922% 
0.1271% 
0.0938% 
0.0810% 
0.2818% 
0.0528% 
0.4179% 
0.3472% 
0.1942% 
0.1557% 
0.1276% 
0.0637% 
0.1379% 
0.0809% 
0.0506% 
0.1296% 
0.0000% 
0.3208% 
0.2380%
15 
0.1160% 
0.0630% 
0.2669% 
0.0656% 
0.0366% 
0.1310% 
0.2032% 
0.3781% 
0.0593% 
0.1271% 
0.2392% 
0.1225% 
0.0922% 
0.1271% 
0.1173% 
0.0810% 
0.3600% 
0.4338% 
0.4179% 
0.3472% 
0.1942% 
0.1557% 
0.2071% 
0.2264% 
0.1379% 
0.0809% 
0.0506% 
0.1296% 
0.2875% 
0.3575% 
0.2380%
16 
0.1160% 
0.0630% 
0.2669% 
0.0656% 
0.3619% 
0.1310% 
0.2032% 
0.3781% 
0.0593% 
0.1271% 
0.2839% 
0.1225% 
0.0922% 
0.1271% 
0.1173% 
0.0810% 
0.5641% 
0.4338% 
0.4179% 
0.3621% 
0.1942% 
0.1557% 
0.3610% 
0.2264% 
0.1379% 
0.0809% 
0.0506% 
0.2211% 
0.2875% 
0.3575% 
0.2890%
17 
0.1160% 
0.0630% 
0.2669% 
0.2702% 
0.3619% 
0.1310% 
0.2032% 
0.3781% 
0.0593% 
0.1271% 
0.2839% 
0.1225% 
0.0922% 
0.1271% 
0.1173% 
0.3389% 
0.5641% 
0.4338% 
0.4179% 
0.3621% 
0.1942% 
0.2152% 
0.3610% 
0.2264% 
0.1379% 
0.0809% 
0.3121% 
0.2211% 
0.2875% 
0.4157% 
0.2890%
18 
0.1160% 
0.0630% 
0.4470% 
0.2702% 
0.3619% 
0.1310% 
0.2032% 
0.3781% 
0.1650% 
0.1271% 
0.2839% 
0.1225% 
0.0922% 
0.1271% 
0.2916% 
0.3389% 
0.5641% 
0.4338% 
0.4179% 
0.3621% 
0.2255% 
0.2152% 
0.3610% 
0.2264% 
0.1379% 
0.0809% 
0.3121% 
0.2211% 
0.4157% 
0.4157% 
0.2890%
19 
0.1160% 
0.1760% 
0.4470% 
0.2702% 
0.3619% 
0.1310% 
0.2032% 
0.3989% 
0.1650% 
0.1271% 
0.2839% 
0.1225% 
0.0922% 
0.2229% 
0.2946% 
0.3389% 
0.5641% 
0.4338% 
0.4179% 
0.4517% 
0.2255% 
0.2152% 
0.4316% 
0.2264% 
0.3194% 
0.0809% 
0.3121% 
0.2766% 
0.4157% 
0.4157% 
0.2890%
20 
0.1923% 
0.1760% 
0.4470% 
0.2702% 
0.3619% 
0.1310% 
0.3101% 
0.3989% 
0.1650% 
0.1271% 
0.2839% 
0.1225% 
0.2785% 
0.2229% 
0.2946% 
0.3389% 
0.5641% 
0.4338% 
0.6200% 
0.4517% 
0.2255% 
0.2152% 
0.4316% 
0.3922% 
0.3194% 
0.0809% 
0.3121% 
0.2766% 
0.4157% 
0.4447% 
0.5396%
21 
0.1923% 
0.1760% 
0.4470% 
0.2702% 
0.3619% 
0.1310% 
0.3101% 
0.3989% 
0.1650% 
0.1271% 
0.2839% 
0.2266% 
0.2785% 
0.2229% 
0.2946% 
0.3389% 
0.5641% 
0.7051% 
0.6200% 
0.4517% 
0.2255% 
0.2152% 
0.7266% 
0.4389% 
0.3194% 
0.3143% 
0.3121% 
0.3188% 
0.4157% 
0.4576% 
0.5396%
22 
0.1923% 
0.1760% 
0.4470% 
0.2702% 
0.4597% 
0.1310% 
0.3101% 
0.3989% 
0.1650% 
0.1271% 
0.3437% 
0.2266% 
0.2785% 
0.2229% 
0.2946% 
0.3389% 
0.5891% 
0.7051% 
0.6200% 
0.4517% 
0.2255% 
0.2402% 
0.7266% 
0.4389% 
0.4033% 
0.3143% 
0.3121% 
0.3188% 
0.4356% 
0.4576% 
0.5396%
23 
0.1923% 
0.1760% 
0.4470% 
0.3174% 
0.5037% 
0.1310% 
0.3101% 
0.3989% 
0.1650% 
0.4036% 
0.3437% 
0.2632% 
0.2964% 
0.2229% 
0.2946% 
0.4333% 
0.5891% 
0.7051% 
0.6200% 
0.4517% 
0.3095% 
0.2402% 
0.7266% 
0.4860% 
0.4033% 
0.3143% 
0.3121% 
0.3494% 
0.4356% 
0.4576% 
0.5396%
24 
0.1923% 
0.1760% 
0.5993% 
0.3174% 
0.5037% 
0.1310% 
0.3101% 
0.3989% 
0.2265% 
0.4036% 
0.3437% 
0.2632% 
0.2964% 
0.2229% 
0.3499% 
0.4333% 
0.5891% 
0.7051% 
0.6200% 
0.5542% 
0.3095% 
0.2402% 
0.7266% 
0.4860% 
0.4033% 
0.3143% 
0.4410% 
0.3494% 
0.4356% 
0.4576% 
0.5396%
25 
0.1923% 
0.1810% 
0.5993% 
0.3174% 
0.5037% 
0.1310% 
0.3101% 
0.4380% 
0.2265% 
0.4036% 
0.3437% 
0.2632% 
0.2964% 
0.2229% 
0.4345% 
0.4333% 
0.5891% 
0.7051% 
0.6995% 
0.5542% 
0.3095% 
0.2630% 
0.7266% 
0.5161% 
0.4033% 
0.3143% 
0.4410% 
0.3494% 
0.5431% 
0.4576% 
0.8565%
26 
0.2152% 
0.1810% 
0.5993% 
0.3174% 
0.5037% 
0.1310% 
0.4359% 
0.4380% 
0.2265% 
0.4036% 
0.3437% 
0.2632% 
0.2964% 
0.2285% 
0.4345% 
0.4340% 
0.5891% 
0.7251% 
0.6995% 
0.5542% 
0.3095% 
0.2630% 
0.7266% 
0.5193% 
0.4497% 
0.3143% 
0.4410% 
0.3494% 
0.5527% 
0.4576% 
0.8565%
27 
0.2152% 
0.1810% 
0.5993% 
0.3174% 
0.5037% 
0.1415% 
0.4359% 
0.4380% 
0.2265% 
0.4036% 
0.3437% 
0.4689% 
0.2964% 
0.2285% 
0.4345% 
0.4497% 
0.7036% 
0.7251% 
0.6995% 
0.5871% 
0.3095% 
0.2630% 
0.7295% 
0.5193% 
0.4497% 
0.3143% 
0.4410% 
0.3494% 
0.8580% 
0.4576% 
0.8565%
28 
0.2152% 
0.1810% 
0.5993% 
0.3174% 
0.7210% 
0.1415% 
0.4359% 
0.4380% 
0.2265% 
0.4036% 
0.4380% 
0.4689% 
0.2964% 
0.2285% 
0.4345% 
0.5400% 
0.7036% 
0.7251% 
0.7538% 
0.5871% 
0.3095% 
0.2630% 
0.7607% 
0.5193% 
0.4497% 
0.3143% 
0.4449% 
0.5022% 
0.8580% 
0.4626% 
1.0120%
29 
0.2152% 
0.1810% 
0.5993% 
0.3873% 
0.7210% 
0.1415% 
0.4359% 
0.4380% 
0.2265% 
0.4171% 
0.4671% 
0.4689% 
0.2964% 
0.2285% 
0.4345% 
0.5400% 
0.7036% 
0.7251% 
0.7538% 
0.5871% 
0.3095% 
0.3704% 
0.7883% 
0.5193% 
0.4497% 
0.3143% 
0.5090% 
0.5022% 
0.8580% 
0.5815% 
1.0120%
30 
0.2152% 
0.1810% 
0.5993% 
0.3873% 
0.7210% 
0.1415% 
0.4359% 
0.4380% 
0.2265% 
0.4206% 
0.4671% 
0.4689% 
0.2964% 
0.4884% 
0.4345% 
0.5400% 
0.7739% 
0.7251% 
0.7538% 
0.5871% 
0.3669% 
0.3704% 
0.7883% 
0.5193% 
0.4497% 
0.3143% 
0.5090% 
0.5022% 
1.0908% 
0.5815% 
1.0120%
31 
0.2152% 
0.3030% 
0.5993% 
0.4556% 
0.7210% 
0.1415% 
0.4359% 
0.5238% 
0.2265% 
0.4301% 
0.4671% 
0.4689% 
0.2964% 
0.4884% 
0.4345% 
0.5400% 
0.7739% 
0.7251% 
0.7538% 
0.5871% 
0.3669% 
0.3704% 
0.7883% 
0.5193% 
0.5822% 
0.3143% 
0.5090% 
0.5727% 
1.0908% 
0.5815% 
1.0120%
32 
0.2152% 
0.3030% 
0.5993% 
0.4556% 
0.7210% 
0.1415% 
0.4682% 
0.5238% 
0.2265% 
0.4301% 
0.4671% 
0.4811% 
0.2964% 
0.5330% 
0.4971% 
0.5400% 
0.7739% 
0.7251% 
0.7798% 
0.5871% 
0.3669% 
0.3704% 
0.7883% 
0.5840% 
0.5822% 
0.3267% 
0.5254% 
0.5727% 
1.0908% 
0.5815% 
1.2053%
33 
0.2152% 
0.3132% 
0.6296% 
0.4556% 
0.7210% 
0.1593% 
0.4682% 
0.5238% 
0.2265% 
0.4301% 
0.5855% 
0.4997% 
0.2964% 
0.6420% 
0.5092% 
0.5400% 
0.7739% 
0.7359% 
0.7827% 
0.5871% 
0.3669% 
0.3951% 
1.0944% 
0.5840% 
0.5822% 
0.3462% 
0.5254% 
0.5727% 
1.0908% 
0.6143% 
1.2053%
34 
0.2152% 
0.3569% 
0.6296% 
0.4556% 
0.7774% 
0.1797% 
0.4682% 
0.5238% 
0.2375% 
0.4704% 
0.5855% 
0.4997% 
0.3731% 
0.6420% 
0.5092% 
0.5400% 
0.7739% 
0.7359% 
0.7827% 
0.5871% 
0.3669% 
0.6143% 
1.0944% 
0.5840% 
0.6176% 
0.3462% 
0.5254% 
0.5727% 
1.1789% 
0.6143% 
1.2053%
35 
0.2152% 
0.3960% 
0.6429% 
0.5622% 
0.7774% 
0.1797% 
0.4682% 
0.5238% 
0.2741% 
0.4704% 
0.5855% 
0.5462% 
0.3731% 
0.6420% 
0.5092% 
0.5400% 
0.7739% 
0.7377% 
0.7827% 
0.5871% 
0.3669% 
0.6143% 
1.0944% 
0.6565% 
0.6176% 
0.3462% 
0.5254% 
0.6733% 
1.1789% 
0.6143% 
1.2053%
36 
0.2152% 
0.3960% 
0.6611% 
0.5622% 
0.7774% 
0.1797% 
0.4682% 
0.5238% 
0.2741% 
0.4704% 
0.6081% 
0.5462% 
0.3731% 
0.6420% 
0.5403% 
0.5400% 
0.7739% 
0.8002% 
0.7827% 
0.6664% 
0.3776% 
0.6143% 
1.1031% 
0.6565% 
0.6176% 
0.3462% 
0.5650% 
0.6733% 
1.1789% 
0.6179% 
1.2053%
37 
0.2152% 
0.4357% 
0.6877% 
0.5622% 
0.7774% 
0.1797% 
0.5170% 
0.5238% 
0.2741% 
0.5046% 
0.6081% 
0.5462% 
0.3731% 
0.6420% 
0.5403% 
0.5400% 
0.7755% 
0.8002% 
0.7827% 
0.6664% 
0.3776% 
0.6638% 
1.1327% 
0.6565% 
0.6176% 
0.3903% 
0.5650% 
0.6733% 
1.1964% 
0.6179% 
1.2377%
38 
0.2152% 
0.4357% 
0.6877% 
0.5622% 
0.7774% 
0.2158% 
0.5170% 
0.5250% 
0.2741% 
0.5046% 
0.6081% 
0.5462% 
0.4088% 
0.6420% 
0.5403% 
0.5400% 
0.7755% 
0.8002% 
0.7827% 
0.6681% 
0.4669% 
0.6921% 
1.1327% 
0.6565% 
0.7552% 
0.3903% 
0.5650% 
0.6733% 
1.1964% 
0.6890% 
1.2377%
39 
0.2152% 
0.4357% 
0.6877% 
0.5622% 
0.8609% 
0.2158% 
0.5170% 
0.5707% 
0.2741% 
0.5046% 
0.6081% 
0.5736% 
0.4088% 
0.6420% 
0.5403% 
0.5400% 
0.7971% 
0.8002% 
0.7827% 
0.7831% 
0.4669% 
0.6921% 
1.1327% 
0.6878% 
0.7552% 
0.3903% 
0.5741% 
0.6733% 
1.2660% 
0.6890% 
1.3289%
40 
0.2152% 
0.4489% 
0.6877% 
0.6160% 
0.8609% 
0.2158% 
0.6287% 
0.5707% 
0.2741% 
0.5046% 
0.6406% 
0.5736% 
0.4088% 
0.6420% 
0.5403% 
0.6154% 
0.7971% 
0.8126% 
0.8325% 
0.7831% 
0.4669% 
0.6921% 
1.3355% 
0.6878% 
0.7552% 
0.3903% 
0.5741% 
0.7818% 
1.2660% 
0.6890% 
1.5192%
41 
0.2152% 
0.4952% 
0.7709% 
0.6160% 
0.8609% 
0.3027% 
0.6287% 
0.5707% 
0.2741% 
0.5046% 
0.6620% 
0.5736% 
0.4088% 
0.6661% 
0.6735% 
0.6154% 
0.7971% 
0.8126% 
0.8325% 
0.7981% 
0.4669% 
0.8423% 
1.3477% 
0.6878% 
0.7552% 
0.3903% 
0.5948% 
0.7818% 
1.2660% 
0.7394% 
1.5192%
42 
0.2152% 
0.5691% 
0.7709% 
0.6160% 
0.8609% 
0.3027% 
0.6287% 
0.5707% 
0.2741% 
0.5046% 
0.6620% 
0.5736% 
0.4088% 
0.6754% 
0.7160% 
0.6154% 
0.7990% 
0.8126% 
0.8325% 
0.7981% 
0.4669% 
0.8423% 
1.3477% 
0.6878% 
0.7552% 
0.3966% 
0.5948% 
0.7818% 
1.2660% 
0.7394% 
1.5192%
43 
0.2533% 
0.5691% 
0.7709% 
0.6186% 
0.8681% 
0.3027% 
0.6287% 
0.5726% 
0.2741% 
0.5046% 
0.6620% 
0.5736% 
0.5036% 
0.6763% 
0.7208% 
0.6907% 
0.8008% 
0.8126% 
0.8325% 
0.8156% 
0.4669% 
0.8423% 
1.3538% 
0.6878% 
0.7906% 
0.3966% 
0.5948% 
0.8094% 
1.2660% 
0.7505% 
1.5192%
44 
0.2533% 
0.5691% 
0.8275% 
0.6186% 
0.8681% 
0.3027% 
0.6287% 
0.5726% 
0.2749% 
0.5046% 
0.6620% 
0.5736% 
0.5036% 
0.6771% 
0.7575% 
0.6907% 
0.8008% 
0.8126% 
0.8795% 
0.8156% 
0.4669% 
0.8423% 
1.3538% 
0.7695% 
0.7906% 
0.3966% 
0.6581% 
0.8094% 
1.2660% 
0.7505% 
1.6494%
45 
0.2533% 
0.5715% 
0.8275% 
0.6186% 
0.8681% 
0.3027% 
0.6287% 
0.5726% 
0.2749% 
0.5046% 
0.6949% 
0.5818% 
0.5036% 
0.6822% 
0.7575% 
0.6907% 
0.8008% 
0.8494% 
0.8795% 
0.8156% 
0.4669% 
0.8666% 
1.3864% 
0.7695% 
0.8121% 
0.4132% 
0.6631% 
0.8094% 
1.2660% 
0.8917% 
1.6494%
46 
0.2533% 
0.5815% 
0.8275% 
0.6186% 
0.8681% 
0.3027% 
0.6287% 
0.5845% 
0.2749% 
0.5891% 
0.6949% 
0.5818% 
0.6275% 
0.6822% 
0.7575% 
0.6907% 
0.8532% 
0.8494% 
0.8795% 
0.8156% 
0.4669% 
1.0437% 
1.3864% 
0.7695% 
0.9102% 
0.4267% 
0.6631% 
0.8094% 
1.3688% 
0.8917% 
1.6494%
47 
0.2533% 
0.5815% 
0.8275% 
0.6501% 
0.8681% 
0.3027% 
0.6371% 
0.5845% 
0.4450% 
0.5891% 
0.6949% 
0.6003% 
0.6275% 
0.6822% 
0.7585% 
0.7037% 
0.8532% 
0.8494% 
0.8795% 
0.8156% 
0.4971% 
1.0437% 
1.3864% 
0.7695% 
0.9102% 
0.4267% 
0.6631% 
0.8811% 
1.3688% 
0.8917% 
1.6494%
48 
0.2533% 
0.5815% 
0.8275% 
0.6501% 
0.8681% 
0.3027% 
0.6389% 
0.8076% 
0.4450% 
0.5891% 
0.7675% 
0.6179% 
0.6275% 
0.6822% 
0.7976% 
0.7061% 
0.8532% 
0.8494% 
0.8795% 
0.9230% 
0.5273% 
1.0437% 
1.4567% 
0.7695% 
0.9102% 
0.4267% 
0.7081% 
0.8906% 
1.3704% 
0.8917% 
1.6494%
49 
0.2533% 
0.6100% 
0.8275% 
0.6512% 
0.8721% 
0.3027% 
0.7975% 
0.8076% 
0.4450% 
0.6144% 
0.7675% 
0.6199% 
0.6275% 
0.7284% 
0.7976% 
0.7061% 
0.8532% 
0.8494% 
0.9141% 
0.9230% 
0.5273% 
1.0650% 
1.4567% 
0.7695% 
0.9102% 
0.4642% 
0.7081% 
0.8906% 
1.3704% 
0.8917% 
1.7127%
50 
0.2650% 
0.6100% 
0.8275% 
0.6512% 
0.8721% 
0.3588% 
0.7975% 
0.8076% 
0.4716% 
0.6144% 
0.7675% 
0.6199% 
0.6632% 
0.7284% 
0.7976% 
0.7061% 
0.8607% 
0.8659% 
0.9141% 
0.9230% 
0.6260% 
1.0650% 
1.4567% 
0.7695% 
0.9538% 
0.4642% 
0.7081% 
0.8906% 
1.3704% 
0.9096% 
1.7140%
51 
0.2650% 
0.6100% 
0.8355% 
0.6512% 
0.8818% 
0.3588% 
0.7975% 
0.9032% 
0.5092% 
0.6144% 
0.7675% 
0.6295% 
0.6632% 
0.7284% 
0.8036% 
0.7061% 
0.9581% 
0.8659% 
0.9141% 
0.9230% 
0.6260% 
1.0650% 
1.4567% 
0.8066% 
0.9538% 
0.4642% 
0.7081% 
0.8987% 
1.4402% 
0.9096% 
1.7140%
52 
0.2650% 
0.6100% 
0.8367% 
0.7374% 
0.8818% 
0.3588% 
0.8215% 
0.9032% 
0.5092% 
0.6144% 
0.7675% 
0.6295% 
0.6632% 
0.7284% 
0.8044% 
0.7515% 
0.9581% 
0.8944% 
0.9224% 
0.9230% 
0.6260% 
1.0650% 
1.6155% 
0.8066% 
0.9538% 
0.4642% 
0.7081% 
0.9488% 
1.4402% 
0.9096% 
1.7427%
53 
0.2650% 
0.6100% 
0.8949% 
0.7374% 
0.8872% 
0.3914% 
0.8215% 
0.9032% 
0.5092% 
0.6318% 
0.7904% 
0.6295% 
0.6632% 
0.7284% 
0.8223% 
0.7515% 
0.9581% 
0.9071% 
0.9232% 
0.9230% 
0.6260% 
1.0701% 
1.6155% 
0.8066% 
0.9538% 
0.4642% 
0.7369% 
0.9488% 
1.4402% 
0.9737% 
1.7427%
54 
0.2650% 
0.7385% 
0.8949% 
0.7374% 
0.9382% 
0.3914% 
0.8215% 
0.9032% 
0.5098% 
0.6464% 
0.7904% 
0.6295% 
0.6632% 
0.7430% 
0.8223% 
0.7515% 
0.9581% 
0.9071% 
0.9232% 
0.9230% 
0.6260% 
1.0701% 
1.6155% 
0.8066% 
0.9552% 
0.4926% 
0.7369% 
0.9488% 
1.4402% 
0.9737% 
1.7427%
55 
0.2819% 
0.7385% 
0.8949% 
0.7432% 
0.9382% 
0.4362% 
0.8215% 
0.9032% 
0.5098% 
0.6464% 
0.7904% 
0.6295% 
0.6794% 
0.7430% 
0.8559% 
0.7515% 
0.9581% 
0.9104% 
0.9232% 
0.9905% 
0.6260% 
1.0701% 
1.6163% 
0.8066% 
0.9552% 
0.4926% 
0.7369% 
0.9488% 
1.4402% 
0.9737% 
1.7427%
56 
0.2819% 
0.7385% 
0.8949% 
0.7532% 
0.9382% 
0.4362% 
0.8563% 
0.9032% 
0.5098% 
0.6464% 
0.7904% 
0.6295% 
0.6794% 
0.7430% 
0.8559% 
0.7515% 
0.9581% 
0.9104% 
0.9379% 
0.9905% 
0.6260% 
1.0701% 
1.6190% 
0.8327% 
0.9552% 
0.4926% 
0.7708% 
0.9488% 
1.4402% 
0.9737% 
1.7639%
57 
0.3039% 
0.7399% 
0.8949% 
0.7532% 
0.9382% 
0.4362% 
0.8563% 
0.9055% 
0.5098% 
0.6464% 
0.8833% 
0.6435% 
0.6794% 
0.7445% 
0.8559% 
0.7515% 
0.9581% 
0.9515% 
0.9379% 
0.9905% 
0.6260% 
1.0701% 
1.6655% 
0.8336% 
0.9552% 
0.4926% 
0.7708% 
0.9488% 
1.4449% 
1.0028% 
1.7639%
58 
0.3039% 
0.7399% 
0.8949% 
0.7532% 
0.9767% 
0.4362% 
0.8563% 
0.9055% 
0.5625% 
0.6464% 
0.8833% 
0.6435% 
0.7048% 
0.7445% 
0.8559% 
0.7515% 
0.9618% 
0.9515% 
0.9379% 
0.9905% 
0.6260% 
1.0701% 
1.6715% 
0.8336% 
0.9585% 
0.4926% 
0.7708% 
0.9488% 
1.4460% 
1.0028% 
1.7639%
59 
0.3039% 
0.7399% 
0.9303% 
0.7641% 
0.9767% 
0.4362% 
0.8563% 
0.9055% 
0.5625% 
0.6572% 
0.8833% 
0.6500% 
0.7062% 
0.7445% 
0.8574% 
0.7532% 
0.9618% 
0.9534% 
0.9410% 
0.9929% 
0.6550% 
1.0701% 
1.6715% 
0.8517% 
0.9585% 
0.4926% 
0.7708% 
1.0011% 
1.4460% 
1.0028% 
1.7639%
60 
0.3039% 
0.7399% 
1.0281% 
0.7641% 
0.9767% 
0.4362% 
0.8563% 
0.9055% 
0.5625% 
0.6585% 
0.8833% 
0.6672% 
0.7062% 
0.7445% 
0.8842% 
0.7532% 
0.9618% 
0.9534% 
0.9690% 
0.9938% 
0.6550% 
1.0701% 
1.6867% 
0.8517% 
0.9585% 
0.4926% 
0.7983% 
1.0011% 
1.4460% 
1.0028%  
61 
0.3039% 
0.7399% 
1.0281% 
0.7641% 
0.9767% 
0.4362% 
0.8563% 
0.9055% 
0.5625% 
0.7002% 
0.8833% 
0.6672% 
0.7062% 
0.7689% 
0.8842% 
0.7532% 
0.9618% 
0.9579% 
1.0033% 
0.9938% 
0.6582% 
1.1095% 
1.6867% 
0.8517% 
0.9585% 
0.5058% 
0.7983% 
1.0011% 
1.4460%  
 
62 
0.3039% 
0.7399% 
1.0281% 
0.7641% 
0.9767% 
0.4536% 
0.8563% 
0.9074% 
0.5625% 
0.7002% 
0.8833% 
0.6672% 
0.7498% 
0.7689% 
0.8842% 
0.7556% 
0.9670% 
0.9722% 
1.0033% 
0.9938% 
0.6582% 
1.1095% 
1.6867% 
0.8517% 
0.9585% 
0.5058% 
0.7983% 
1.0011%  
 
 
63 
0.3039% 
0.7399% 
1.0281% 
0.7641% 
0.9767% 
0.4536% 
0.8563% 
0.9074% 
0.5625% 
0.7002% 
0.8833% 
0.6672% 
0.7498% 
0.7689% 
0.8842% 
0.7556% 
0.9859% 
0.9722% 
1.0033% 
0.9938% 
0.6582% 
1.1095% 
1.6867% 
0.8621% 
0.9672% 
0.5058% 
0.7983%  
 
 
 
64 
0.3039% 
0.7399% 
1.0281% 
0.7830% 
0.9767% 
0.4536% 
0.8563% 
0.9074% 
0.5625% 
0.7002% 
0.8833% 
0.6715% 
0.7498% 
0.7689% 
0.8842% 
0.7677% 
0.9859% 
0.9722% 
1.0209% 
0.9938% 
0.6582% 
1.1095% 
1.7078% 
0.8621% 
0.9672% 
0.5058%  
 
 
 
 
65 
0.3039% 
0.7399% 
1.0299% 
0.7830% 
0.9767% 
0.4536% 
0.8563% 
0.9074% 
0.5625% 
0.7340% 
0.8833% 
0.6715% 
0.7498% 
0.7689% 
0.8842% 
0.7683% 
0.9859% 
0.9748% 
1.0209% 
0.9938% 
0.6582% 
1.1927% 
1.7078% 
0.8621% 
0.9672%  
 
 
 
 
 
66 
0.3039% 
0.7449% 
1.0299% 
0.7830% 
0.9793% 
0.4536% 
0.8563% 
0.9074% 
0.6104% 
0.7340% 
0.8833% 
0.6715% 
0.7579% 
0.7711% 
0.8842% 
0.7683% 
0.9859% 
0.9748% 
1.0209% 
0.9938% 
0.6621% 
1.1927% 
1.7078% 
0.8621%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
67 
0.3342% 
0.7449% 
1.0299% 
0.8084% 
0.9793% 
0.4536% 
0.8563% 
0.9618% 
0.6104% 
0.7340% 
0.8833% 
0.6727% 
0.7768% 
0.7711% 
0.8842% 
0.7683% 
0.9859% 
0.9748% 
1.0209% 
0.9968% 
0.6621% 
1.1927% 
1.7078%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
68 
0.3342% 
0.7449% 
1.0695% 
0.8084% 
0.9793% 
0.4536% 
0.8563% 
0.9618% 
0.6104% 
0.7340% 
0.8833% 
0.6904% 
0.7768% 
0.7711% 
0.8842% 
0.7683% 
0.9859% 
0.9748% 
1.0220% 
0.9968% 
0.6621% 
1.1927%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
69 
0.3342% 
0.7449% 
1.0695% 
0.8084% 
0.9793% 
0.4578% 
0.8563% 
0.9618% 
0.6104% 
0.7340% 
0.9145% 
0.6904% 
0.7768% 
0.7711% 
0.8842% 
0.7683% 
0.9859% 
0.9873% 
1.0220% 
0.9968% 
0.6621%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
70 
0.3342% 
0.7449% 
1.0695% 
0.8084% 
0.9793% 
0.4578% 
0.8563% 
0.9627% 
0.6104% 
0.7340% 
0.9145% 
0.6904% 
0.7768% 
0.7711% 
0.8842% 
0.7683% 
0.9859% 
0.9873% 
1.0220% 
0.9968%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
71 
0.3342% 
0.7449% 
1.0695% 
0.8173% 
0.9793% 
0.4578% 
0.8593% 
0.9627% 
0.6104% 
0.7340% 
0.9145% 
0.6951% 
0.7768% 
0.7711% 
0.8842% 
0.7683% 
0.9859% 
0.9873% 
1.0220%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
72 
0.3342% 
0.7449% 
1.0924% 
0.8173% 
0.9793% 
0.4578% 
0.8607% 
0.9627% 
0.6104% 
0.7340% 
0.9145% 
0.6951% 
0.7768% 
0.7711% 
0.8856% 
0.7683% 
0.9859% 
0.9873%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
73 
0.3342% 
0.7449% 
1.0924% 
0.8173% 
0.9793% 
0.4578% 
0.8607% 
0.9627% 
0.6121% 
0.7492% 
0.9145% 
0.6951% 
0.7768% 
0.7711% 
0.8856% 
0.7683% 
0.9859%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
74 
0.3342% 
0.7449% 
1.0924% 
0.8173% 
0.9793% 
0.4578% 
0.8607% 
0.9627% 
0.6121% 
0.7492% 
0.9160% 
0.6951% 
0.7768% 
0.7738% 
0.8856% 
0.7683%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
75 
0.3342% 
0.7449% 
1.0924% 
0.8173% 
0.9793% 
0.4578% 
0.8607% 
0.9627% 
0.6121% 
0.7492% 
0.9160% 
0.6980% 
0.7768% 
0.7738% 
0.8856%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
76 
0.3342% 
0.7449% 
1.0924% 
0.8173% 
0.9793% 
0.4712% 
0.8607% 
0.9627% 
0.6121% 
0.7492% 
0.9160% 
0.7047% 
0.7768% 
0.7738% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
77 
0.3342% 
0.7449% 
1.0924% 
0.8173% 
0.9793% 
0.4712% 
0.8607% 
0.9627% 
0.6121% 
0.7492% 
0.9160% 
0.7047% 
0.7768% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
78 
0.3342% 
0.7449% 
1.0924% 
0.8173% 
0.9793% 
0.4712% 
0.8607% 
0.9627% 
0.6121% 
0.7492% 
0.9160% 
0.7047% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
79 
0.3342% 
0.7525% 
1.0924% 
0.8173% 
0.9793% 
0.4712% 
0.8607% 
0.9930% 
0.6121% 
0.7492% 
0.9160% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
80 
0.3342% 
0.7525% 
1.0924% 
0.8173% 
0.9793% 
0.4712% 
0.8607% 
0.9930% 
0.6121% 
0.7492% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
81 
0.3342% 
0.7525% 
1.0924% 
0.8173% 
0.9793% 
0.4712% 
0.8607% 
0.9930% 
0.6121% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
82 
0.3342% 
0.7525% 
1.0924% 
0.8173% 
0.9793% 
0.4712% 
0.8607% 
0.9930% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
83 
0.3342% 
0.7525% 
1.0924% 
0.8173% 
0.9793% 
0.4712% 
0.8607% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
84 
0.3342% 
0.7525% 
1.0924% 
0.8173% 
0.9793% 
0.4712% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
85 
0.3342% 
0.7525% 
1.0924% 
0.8173% 
0.9793% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
86 
0.3342% 
0.7525% 
1.0924% 
0.8173% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
87 
0.3359% 
0.7525% 
1.0924% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
88 
0.3359% 
0.7525% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
89 
0.3359%

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
VLC Product: Classic Credit, Condition: Used 
 
 
 
Sum Contract Value 
30,243,562.63 
26,266,309.89 
28,058,024.11 
21,935,300.58 
27,292,279.75 
15,754,292.30 
25,565,786.12 
27,230,447.94 
24,067,728.95 
21,854,567.34 
22,575,101.88 
27,363,136.13 
12,421,288.69 
664,591.79 
16,026,427.90 
24,778,518.67 
29,155,760.50 
16,732,782.94 
25,564,199.07 
26,507,123.01 
22,878,527.10 
22,659,834.16 
22,064,805.41 
30,170,634.79 
34,375,659.09 
28,744,541.56 32,087,597.47 
33,983,707.85 
30,863,846.83 
19,624,420.32 
35,991,741.93 
Number of contract 
2,256 
2,007 
2,149 
1,649 
2,050 
1,211 
1,959 
2,079 
1,826 
1,656 
1,756 
2,107 
937 
60 
1,336 
2,034 
2,304 
1,342 
2,148 
2,212 
1,878 
1,872 
1,840 
2,545 
2,812 
2,409 
2,592 
2,729 
2,501 
1,616 
2,956
Age 
03-2019 
04-2019 
05-2019 
06-2019 
07-2019 
08-2019 
09-2019 
10-2019 
11-2019 
12-2019 
01-2020 
02-2020 
03-2020 
04-2020 
05-2020 
06-2020 
07-2020 
08-2020 
09-2020 
10-2020 
11-2020 
12-2020 
01-2021 
02-2021 
03-2021 
04-2021 
05-2021 
06-2021 
07-2021 
08-2021 
09-2021 
1 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
2 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
3 
0.2030% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.1704% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
4 
0.2030% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.1704% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
5 
0.2030% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.1704% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
6 
0.2030% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0557% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.2764% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
7 
0.2030% 
0.0000% 
0.0493% 
0.0000% 
0.0557% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.2764% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
8 
0.2030% 
0.0000% 
0.0493% 
0.0000% 
0.0557% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.2764% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
9 
0.2030% 
0.0000% 
0.0493% 
0.0000% 
0.0557% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.2764% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0830% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
10 
0.2030% 
0.0000% 
0.0493% 
0.0000% 
0.0557% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.2764% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0830% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0318% 
0.0000% 
0.0469% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0791% 
0.0000%
11 
0.2030% 
0.0000% 
0.0493% 
0.0000% 
0.0557% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.2764% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0830% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0318% 
0.0000% 
0.0469% 
0.0000% 
0.0623% 
0.1775% 
0.0000%
12 
0.2420% 
0.0000% 
0.0493% 
0.0145% 
0.0557% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1076% 
0.0000%
0.2764% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0469% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0669% 
0.0830% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0318% 
0.0000% 
0.0469% 
0.1678% 
0.0623% 
0.1775% 
0.0000%
13 
0.2420% 
0.0902% 
0.4448% 
0.0145% 
0.0689% 
0.0859% 
0.0160% 
0.1076% 
0.0000%
0.2764% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0469% 
0.0000% 
0.1421% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1576% 
0.0669% 
0.0830% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1638% 
0.0318% 
0.0000% 
0.0469% 
0.1678% 
0.0623% 
0.1775% 
0.0738%
14 
0.2420% 
0.1811% 
0.4448% 
0.0145% 
0.1679% 
0.2221% 
0.0160% 
0.1076% 
0.0000%
0.2764% 
0.1054% 
0.0000% 
0.0469% 
0.0000% 
0.1421% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1576% 
0.0669% 
0.0830% 
0.0000% 
0.0792% 
0.1638% 
0.0318% 
0.0796% 
0.0469% 
0.1678% 
0.0623% 
0.3732% 
0.0738%
15 
0.5008% 
0.1811% 
0.4448% 
0.0145% 
0.3659% 
0.2221% 
0.0160% 
0.1076% 
0.0000%
0.5703% 
0.1054% 
0.0000% 
0.0469% 
0.0000% 
0.1421% 
0.0000% 
0.2443% 
0.0000% 
0.1576% 
0.0669% 
0.0830% 
0.1419% 
0.0987% 
0.1638% 
0.0750% 
0.0796% 
0.0469% 
0.1678% 
0.1796% 
0.3732% 
0.0738%
16 
0.5008% 
0.1811% 
0.4448% 
0.2951% 
0.3659% 
0.2221% 
0.0160% 
0.1076% 
0.2521%
0.5703% 
0.1054% 
0.0421% 
0.0469% 
0.0000% 
0.1421% 
0.1492% 
0.2443% 
0.0000% 
0.1576% 
0.0669% 
0.1333% 
0.1419% 
0.0987% 
0.1638% 
0.0750% 
0.0796% 
0.0469% 
0.2280% 
0.1796% 
0.3732% 
0.0738%
17 
0.5270% 
0.1881% 
0.5327% 
0.2951% 
0.3659% 
0.2221% 
0.0160% 
0.2612% 
0.2521%
0.5703% 
0.4303% 
0.0421% 
0.0469% 
0.0000% 
0.1722% 
0.1492% 
0.2443% 
0.0000% 
0.1576% 
0.3004% 
0.1333% 
0.1419% 
0.0987% 
0.1638% 
0.0750% 
0.0796% 
0.1342% 
0.2676% 
0.1796% 
0.3732% 
0.0738%
18 
0.5270% 
0.1881% 
0.5327% 
0.4255% 
0.3659% 
0.2221% 
0.0160% 
0.2612% 
0.2521%
0.7610% 
0.4303% 
0.0421% 
0.0469% 
0.0000% 
0.1722% 
0.1492% 
0.2443% 
0.0000% 
0.1576% 
0.3004% 
0.1333% 
0.3249% 
0.0987% 
0.1638% 
0.0750% 
0.2425% 
0.1342% 
0.2676% 
0.1861% 
0.3732% 
0.1063%
19 
0.7330% 
0.1881% 
0.5327% 
0.4255% 
0.3659% 
0.4025% 
0.0160% 
0.2612% 
0.5259% 
0.7610% 
0.4303% 
0.0421% 
0.3062% 
0.0000% 
0.1722% 
0.1492% 
0.2744% 
0.0978% 
0.1576% 
0.3004% 
0.1664% 
0.3249% 
0.0987% 
0.1638% 
0.2202% 
0.2425% 
0.1342% 
0.2676% 
0.1861% 
0.3960% 
0.1063%
20 
0.7330% 
0.1881% 
0.5327% 
0.4255% 
0.8590% 
0.4025% 
0.0160% 
0.4833% 
0.5259% 
0.7610% 
0.4303% 
0.1990% 
0.3062% 
0.0000% 
0.1722% 
0.1492% 
0.6171% 
0.0978% 
0.1576% 
0.4274% 
0.1664% 
0.3249% 
0.0987% 
0.1967% 
0.2202% 
0.2425% 
0.1342% 
0.2676% 
0.2524% 
0.3960% 
0.1063%
21 
0.7330% 
0.1881% 
0.5327% 
0.4584% 
0.8590% 
0.4025% 
0.1846% 
0.5422% 
0.5259% 
0.7610% 
0.6038% 
0.1990% 
0.3062% 
0.0000% 
0.1722% 
0.1492% 
0.6171% 
0.0978% 
0.1576% 
0.4274% 
0.1664% 
0.3249% 
0.3329% 
0.1967% 
0.2202% 
0.2425% 
0.1342% 
0.3489% 
0.2524% 
0.3960% 
0.1656%
22 
0.7330% 
0.2446% 
0.6646% 
0.4584% 
0.8590% 
0.4850% 
0.1846% 
0.5422% 
0.5259% 
0.8679% 
0.6038% 
0.1990% 
0.3062% 
0.0000% 
0.1722% 
0.1492% 
0.6171% 
0.0978% 
0.1576% 
0.4274% 
0.1664% 
0.3249% 
0.3329% 
0.1967% 
0.2202% 
0.2425% 
0.2964% 
0.3489% 
0.2524% 
0.3960% 
0.1656%
23 
0.9093% 
0.3254% 
0.6646% 
0.4584% 
1.1137% 
0.4850% 
0.1846% 
0.5422% 
0.6842% 
0.8679% 
0.6038% 
0.1990% 
0.3062% 
0.0000% 
0.1722% 
0.1492% 
0.7617% 
0.0978% 
0.1576% 
0.4274% 
0.1664% 
0.3249% 
0.3329% 
0.1967% 
0.2202% 
0.3238% 
0.2964% 
0.3489% 
0.2524% 
0.3960% 
0.1656%
24 
1.0933% 
0.3254% 
0.6646% 
0.7098% 
1.1137% 
0.4850% 
0.1846% 
0.7622% 
0.6842% 
0.8679% 
0.6038% 
0.1990% 
0.3062% 
0.0000% 
0.1722% 
0.1513% 
0.7617% 
0.0978% 
0.1576% 
0.5410% 
0.1664% 
0.3249% 
0.3329% 
0.1967% 
0.2418% 
0.3238% 
0.2964% 
0.3788% 
0.2524% 
0.3960% 
0.1656%
25 
1.0933% 
0.3254% 
0.8461% 
0.7371% 
1.1137% 
0.4850% 
0.2525% 
0.7622% 
0.6842% 
0.8679% 
0.6038% 
0.4005% 
0.3062% 
0.0000% 
0.2158% 
0.1513% 
0.8072% 
0.0978% 
0.3613% 
0.5410% 
0.1664% 
0.3249% 
0.3329% 
0.1967% 
0.2418% 
0.3238% 
0.2964% 
0.3788% 
0.2524% 
0.3960% 
0.2732%
26 
1.0933% 
0.3598% 
0.8901% 
0.7371% 
1.1137% 
0.5499% 
0.2525% 
0.7622% 
0.6842% 
0.8679% 
0.6038% 
0.4005% 
0.3062% 
0.0000% 
0.2158% 
0.1513% 
0.8072% 
0.0978% 
0.3613% 
0.5410% 
0.1664% 
0.3249% 
0.4843% 
0.1967% 
0.2418% 
0.4393% 
0.2964% 
0.3788% 
0.2524% 
0.4269% 
0.2732%
27 
1.1250% 
0.3598% 
0.8901% 
0.7371% 
1.3253% 
0.5499% 
0.2525% 
0.7622% 
0.6842% 
1.0962% 
0.6038% 
0.6188% 
0.3062% 
0.0000% 
0.2158% 
0.1513% 
0.8487% 
0.0978% 
0.3613% 
0.5410% 
0.1664% 
0.4339% 
0.4843% 
0.1967% 
0.2418% 
0.4504% 
0.2964% 
0.3788% 
0.2915% 
0.4269% 
0.2732%
28 
1.1250% 
0.3598% 
0.8901% 
0.9535% 
1.3253% 
0.5499% 
0.2525% 
0.7622% 
0.8276% 
1.0962% 
0.6038% 
0.6188% 
0.3062% 
0.0000% 
0.2158% 
0.4996% 
0.8746% 
0.0978% 
0.3613% 
0.5410% 
0.1664% 
0.4339% 
0.4843% 
0.3313% 
0.2418% 
0.4504% 
0.2964% 
0.4471% 
0.2915% 
0.4682% 
0.2732%
29 
1.1250% 
0.3598% 
0.9594% 
0.9535% 
1.3253% 
0.6950% 
0.2525% 
0.8090% 
0.8276% 
1.0962% 
0.6038% 
0.6792% 
0.3062% 
0.0000% 
0.3681% 
0.4996% 
0.8746% 
0.0978% 
0.3613% 
0.6382% 
0.1829% 
0.4339% 
0.4843% 
0.3313% 
0.2418% 
0.4504% 
0.3290% 
0.4617% 
0.2915% 
0.4682%  
30 
1.1250% 
0.4158% 
0.9594% 
0.9535% 
1.3579% 
0.6950% 
0.2663% 
0.8090% 
0.8276% 
1.1395% 
0.6038% 
0.6792% 
0.3062% 
0.0000% 
0.4395% 
0.4996% 
0.8746% 
0.0978% 
0.4214% 
0.6382% 
0.1829% 
0.5817% 
0.4843% 
0.3343% 
0.2418% 
0.4814% 
0.3290% 
0.4617% 
0.2915%  
 
31 
1.2727% 
0.4158% 
0.9594% 
0.9535% 
1.3579% 
0.8933% 
0.2663% 
0.8090% 
0.9439% 
1.1395% 
0.6038% 
0.6792% 
0.3062% 
0.0000% 
0.4395% 
0.5522% 
0.8746% 
0.3737% 
0.4214% 
0.6391% 
0.3930% 
0.5817% 
0.4843% 
0.3343% 
0.3691% 
0.4814% 
0.3290% 
0.4617%  
 
 
32 
1.2727% 
0.4158% 
0.9594% 
0.9535% 
1.4253% 
0.8933% 
0.2663% 
0.8090% 
0.9651% 
1.1395% 
0.6038% 
0.8213% 
0.3062% 
0.0000% 
0.4395% 
0.5522% 
1.0628% 
0.3737% 
0.4214% 
0.6391% 
0.3930% 
0.5817% 
0.4843% 
0.4038% 
0.3691% 
0.4814% 
0.3290%  
 
 
 
33 
1.2727% 
0.4158% 
0.9627% 
0.9957% 
1.4253% 
1.0334% 
0.2888% 
0.8090% 
0.9651% 
1.1395% 
0.7487% 
0.8213% 
0.3062% 
0.0000% 
0.4395% 
0.6395% 
1.0628% 
0.3737% 
0.4214% 
0.6391% 
0.3930% 
0.5817% 
0.5009% 
0.4038% 
0.3691% 
0.4814%  
 
 
 
 
34 
1.2727% 
0.4158% 
1.0651% 
0.9957% 
1.4253% 
1.0334% 
0.2888% 
0.8090% 
0.9651% 
1.1978% 
0.7487% 
0.8213% 
0.3062% 
0.0000% 
0.4525% 
0.6395% 
1.0628% 
0.4354% 
0.4214% 
0.6391% 
0.3930% 
0.5817% 
0.5009% 
0.4038% 
0.3691%  
 
 
 
 
 
35 
1.2727% 
0.4438% 
1.0651% 
0.9957% 
1.5028% 
1.1348% 
0.2888% 
0.8090% 
1.1611% 
1.4055% 
0.7487% 
0.8213% 
0.3062% 
1.8959% 
0.4525% 
0.6395% 
1.0813% 
0.4354% 
0.4214% 
0.6391% 
0.5126% 
0.5817% 
0.5009% 
0.4038%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
36 
1.3734% 
0.4438% 
1.0666% 
1.0305% 
1.5028% 
1.1348% 
0.2888% 
0.9602% 
1.1611% 
1.4055% 
0.7487% 
0.8213% 
0.3062% 
1.8959% 
0.4525% 
0.6515% 
1.0813% 
0.4354% 
0.4214% 
0.6391% 
0.5136% 
0.5817% 
0.5009%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
37 
1.3734% 
0.4438% 
1.1615% 
1.0305% 
1.5092% 
1.1348% 
0.4078% 
0.9602% 
1.1611% 
1.4055% 
0.7487% 
0.9228% 
0.3062% 
1.8959% 
0.5031% 
0.6515% 
1.0813% 
0.4354% 
0.4288% 
0.6391% 
0.5136% 
0.5817%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
38 
1.3734% 
0.4438% 
1.1615% 
1.0311% 
1.5092% 
1.2553% 
0.4078% 
0.9602% 
1.1611% 
1.4055% 
0.8084% 
0.9228% 
0.3062% 
1.8959% 
0.5031% 
0.6515% 
1.0813% 
0.5305% 
0.4288% 
0.6391% 
0.5136%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
39 
1.4083% 
0.4438% 
1.1615% 
1.0311% 
1.5665% 
1.2553% 
0.4078% 
0.9602% 
1.1611% 
1.5058% 
0.8084% 
0.9228% 
0.3338% 
1.8959% 
0.5031% 
0.6552% 
1.1243% 
0.5305% 
0.4288% 
0.6391%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
40 
1.4083% 
0.4438% 
1.1615% 
1.1752% 
1.5836% 
1.2553% 
0.4078% 
0.9602% 
1.2010% 
1.5058% 
0.8084% 
0.9471% 
0.3338% 
1.8959% 
0.5031% 
0.7109% 
1.1243% 
0.5305% 
0.4288%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
41 
1.4083% 
0.4453% 
1.2386% 
1.1752% 
1.5836% 
1.2553% 
0.4078% 
1.0686% 
1.2010% 
1.5058% 
0.8084% 
0.9471% 
0.3338% 
1.8959% 
0.5031% 
0.7109% 
1.1243% 
0.5305%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
42 
1.4083% 
0.5225% 
1.2386% 
1.1752% 
1.6058% 
1.2553% 
0.4650% 
1.0686% 
1.2010% 
1.5058% 
0.8084% 
0.9471% 
0.3338% 
1.8959% 
0.5031% 
0.7109% 
1.1243%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
43 
1.4968% 
0.5225% 
1.2386% 
1.2192% 
1.6058% 
1.2553% 
0.4650% 
1.0686% 
1.2374% 
1.5058% 
0.8084% 
0.9471% 
0.4277% 
1.8959% 
0.5031% 
0.7109%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
44 
1.4968% 
0.5225% 
1.2386% 
1.2192% 
1.7727% 
1.2553% 
0.5114% 
1.0686% 
1.2374% 
1.5058% 
0.8084% 
0.9613% 
0.4277% 
1.8959% 
0.5031%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
45 
1.4968% 
0.5225% 
1.2386% 
1.3063% 
1.7727% 
1.2553% 
0.5114% 
1.0686% 
1.2374% 
1.5058% 
0.8084% 
0.9613% 
0.4277% 
1.8959%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
46 
1.4968% 
0.5225% 
1.5287% 
1.3063% 
1.7727% 
1.2737% 
0.5114% 
1.0686% 
1.2374% 
1.5058% 
0.8084% 
0.9613% 
0.4277%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
47 
1.4968% 
0.5724% 
1.5287% 
1.3063% 
1.8371% 
1.2737% 
0.5114% 
1.0686% 
1.2374% 
1.5058% 
0.8084% 
0.9613% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
48 
1.5759% 
0.5724% 
1.5287% 
1.4237% 
1.8371% 
1.2737% 
0.5114% 
1.2301% 
1.2374% 
1.5058% 
0.8084% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
49 
1.5759% 
0.5724% 
1.5287% 
1.4237% 
1.8371% 
1.2737% 
0.5551% 
1.2301% 
1.2374% 
1.5058%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
50 
1.5759% 
0.5724% 
1.5287% 
1.4237% 
1.8371% 
1.2859% 
0.5551% 
1.2301% 
1.2374%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
51 
1.6004% 
0.5724% 
1.5287% 
1.4237% 
1.8968% 
1.2859% 
0.5551% 
1.2301% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
52 
1.6004% 
0.5724% 
1.5287% 
1.5066% 
1.8968% 
1.2859% 
0.5551% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
53 
1.6004% 
0.5724% 
1.5287% 
1.5066% 
1.8968% 
1.2859% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
54 
1.6004% 
0.5791% 
1.5287% 
1.5181% 
1.8968% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
55 
1.6761% 
0.5791% 
1.5287% 
1.5181% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
56 
1.6761% 
0.5849% 
1.5287% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
57 
1.6761% 
0.5849% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
58 
1.6761%

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
VLC Product: Classic Credit, Condition: Used 
 
Sum Contract Value 
33,715,456.07 
33,724,674.48 
30,139,930.18 
28,151,402.37 
30,708,549.42 
35,204,956.65 
27,295,479.50 
31,425,525.67 
30,406,412.37 
29,185,243.63 
23,213,997.62 
30,443,745.93 
34,693,697.33 
30,239,187.41 
23,677,110.12 
23,623,288.63 
22,024,726.64 
20,877,286.74 
15,705,558.81 
22,110,396.48 
20,482,463.07 
18,869,632.35 
14,923,298.40 
20,474,979.66 
24,133,331.58 
20,174,824.10 
17,652,618.81 
Number of contract 
2,670 
2,597 
2,387 
2,190 
2,387 
2,690 
2,073 
2,410 
2,289 
2,194 
1,973 
2,538 
2,656 
2,234 
1,865 
1,764 
1,665 
1,668 
1,338 
1,692 
1,587 
1,423 
1,162 
1,558 
1,796 
1,537 
1,360
Age 
10-2021 
11-2021 
12-2021 
01-2022 
02-2022 
03-2022 
04-2022 
05-2022 
06-2022 
07-2022 
08-2022 
09-2022 
10-2022 
11-2022 
12-2022 
01-2023 
02-2023 
03-2023 
04-2023 
05-2023 
06-2023 
07-2023 
08-2023 
09-2023 
10-2023 
11-2023 
12-2023 
1 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
2 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%  
3 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%  
 
4 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0533% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%  
 
 
5 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0533% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000%  
 
 
 
6 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0710% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000%  
 
 
 
 
7 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0710% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0837% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
8 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0710% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0837% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
9 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0198% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0923% 
0.0316% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0116% 
0.0000% 
0.0837% 
0.0000%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
10 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0782% 
0.0351% 
0.0046% 
0.0923% 
0.0409% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0486% 
0.0116% 
0.0000% 
0.0837%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11 
0.0000% 
0.0884% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0387% 
0.0186% 
0.0782% 
0.0351% 
0.0510% 
0.0993% 
0.0409% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0486% 
0.0116% 
0.0000%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
12 
0.2747% 
0.0884% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1238% 
0.0186% 
0.0782% 
0.0351% 
0.0510% 
0.0993% 
0.0409% 
0.0276% 
0.0000% 
0.0486% 
0.0116%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
13 
0.2747% 
0.0884% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0341% 
0.1238% 
0.0186% 
0.0954% 
0.0351% 
0.0510% 
0.1012% 
0.0822% 
0.0276% 
0.0000% 
0.0486%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
14 
0.2747% 
0.0884% 
0.0000% 
0.1432% 
0.0341% 
0.1238% 
0.0186% 
0.0954% 
0.0351% 
0.0510% 
0.1695% 
0.0822% 
0.0388% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
15 
0.2747% 
0.0884% 
0.0000% 
0.1510% 
0.0341% 
0.1238% 
0.0186% 
0.0954% 
0.0351% 
0.0510% 
0.1695% 
0.0822% 
0.0388% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
16 
0.2747% 
0.1453% 
0.0000% 
0.1510% 
0.0627% 
0.1238% 
0.0186% 
0.0954% 
0.0704% 
0.0510% 
0.1695% 
0.0822% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
17 
0.3871% 
0.1876% 
0.0000% 
0.1510% 
0.0627% 
0.1238% 
0.0186% 
0.1400% 
0.0704% 
0.0510% 
0.1695% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
18 
0.3871% 
0.1876% 
0.0000% 
0.1510% 
0.0627% 
0.1238% 
0.1154% 
0.1831% 
0.0704% 
0.0510% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
19 
0.4057% 
0.1876% 
0.0000% 
0.1510% 
0.0627% 
0.2331% 
0.1154% 
0.1831% 
0.0704% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
20 
0.4335% 
0.1876% 
0.0000% 
0.1510% 
0.1048% 
0.2331% 
0.1372% 
0.1831% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
21 
0.4335% 
0.1876% 
0.0000% 
0.1897% 
0.1048% 
0.2331% 
0.1372% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
22 
0.4335% 
0.1876% 
0.0314% 
0.1897% 
0.1048% 
0.2331% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
23 
0.4335% 
0.2119% 
0.0314% 
0.1897% 
0.1048% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
24 
0.4598% 
0.2119% 
0.0314% 
0.1897% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
25 
0.4598% 
0.2119% 
0.0314% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
26 
0.4598% 
0.2119% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
27 
0.4598%

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
Auto Credit - New 
VLC Product: Auto Credit, Condition: New 
 
Sum Contract Value 
903,632.01 
1,061,546.28 
1,628,212.47 
2,676,439.35 
2,900,744.39 
3,778,666.21 
3,752,918.45 
1,624,294.08 
2,931,137.89 
3,631,609.00 
8,640,420.65 
11,506,597.43 
11,474,999.49 
15,931,365.45 
16,965,082.40 
12,927,766.67 
10,011,928.31 
7,713,564.54 
6,323,824.42 
3,155,461.87 
5,650,988.76 
5,919,795.13 
8,881,784.02 
7,439,486.04 
6,773,057.27 
10,607,468.50 
13,464,368.44 
13,697,381.12 
13,565,020.51 
11,857,972.51 
9,836,472.82 
6,409,957.33 
11,920,821.99 
Number of contract 
41 
48 
79 
141 
157 
206 
207 
88 
160 
206 
586 
813 
850 
1,111 
1,102 
849 
619 
487 
364 
187 
337 
372 
587 
507 
481 
764 
962 
961 
919 
780 
634 
359 
740 
Age 
01-2014 
02-2014 
03-2014 
04-2014 
05-2014 
06-2014 
07-2014 
08-2014 
09-2014 
10-2014 
11-2014 
12-2014 
01-2015 
02-2015 
03-2015 
04-2015 
05-2015 
06-2015 
07-2015 
08-2015 
09-2015 
10-2015 
11-2015 
12-2015 
01-2016 
02-2016 
03-2016 
04-2016 
05-2016 
06-2016 
07-2016 
08-2016 
09-2016 
1 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
3 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
4 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
5 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
6 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
7 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0681% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1121% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
8 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0681% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1121% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
9 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2164% 
0.0000% 
0.0681% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2416% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1121% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
10 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1017% 
0.2164% 
0.0000% 
0.0681% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2062% 
0.2416% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1121% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
11 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1017% 
0.2164% 
0.0000% 
0.0681% 
0.0000% 
0.2858% 
0.2062% 
0.2416% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1121% 
0.0000% 
0.3285% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
12 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5252% 
0.0000% 
0.1017% 
0.2164% 
0.0000% 
0.0681% 
0.2707% 
0.2858% 
0.2062% 
0.2416% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1121% 
0.1823% 
0.3285% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
13 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5252% 
0.0000% 
0.1017% 
0.2164% 
0.0000% 
0.0681% 
0.2707% 
0.2858% 
0.2062% 
0.2416% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1121% 
0.1823% 
0.3285% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4008% 
14 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5252% 
0.0000% 
0.1017% 
0.2164% 
0.1590% 
0.0681% 
0.2707% 
0.2858% 
0.2062% 
0.2416% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1125% 
0.1121% 
0.1823% 
0.3285% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4008% 
15 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5252% 
0.0000% 
0.1017% 
0.3800% 
0.1590% 
0.0681% 
0.2707% 
0.2858% 
0.2062% 
0.4969% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1125% 
0.1121% 
0.1823% 
0.3285% 
0.0000% 
0.2203% 
0.0000% 
0.4008% 
16 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5252% 
0.0000% 
0.3507% 
0.3800% 
0.1590% 
0.0681% 
0.2707% 
0.2858% 
0.2062% 
0.8740% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1125% 
0.1121% 
0.1823% 
0.3285% 
0.0000% 
0.2203% 
0.0000% 
0.4008% 
17 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5252% 
0.1067% 
0.3507% 
0.3800% 
0.1590% 
0.0681% 
0.2707% 
1.2017% 
0.2062% 
0.8740% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1125% 
0.1121% 
0.1823% 
0.4208% 
0.0000% 
0.2203% 
0.0000% 
0.4008% 
18 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5252% 
0.1067% 
0.3507% 
0.3800% 
0.1590% 
0.0681% 
0.2707% 
1.2017% 
0.2062% 
0.8740% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1125% 
0.1121% 
0.1823% 
0.4208% 
0.0000% 
0.2203% 
0.0000% 
0.4008% 
19 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5252% 
0.1067% 
0.3507% 
0.3800% 
0.1590% 
0.1298% 
0.2707% 
1.2017% 
0.2062% 
0.8740% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1125% 
0.1121% 
0.1823% 
0.4208% 
0.0000% 
0.2203% 
0.0000% 
0.4008% 
20 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5252% 
0.1067% 
0.3507% 
0.4647% 
0.2345% 
0.1298% 
0.2707% 
1.2017% 
0.2062% 
0.8740% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2158% 
0.1121% 
0.1823% 
0.4208% 
0.0000% 
0.2203% 
0.0000% 
0.4008% 
21 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5252% 
0.1067% 
0.3507% 
0.5236% 
0.2345% 
0.1298% 
0.2707% 
1.2017% 
0.2062% 
0.8740% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2967% 
0.2158% 
0.1121% 
0.2483% 
0.4208% 
0.0000% 
0.2203% 
0.0000% 
0.4008% 
22 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5252% 
0.1067% 
0.4426% 
0.5236% 
0.2345% 
0.1298% 
0.2707% 
1.2017% 
0.3960% 
0.8740% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1325% 
0.2967% 
0.2158% 
0.1121% 
0.2483% 
0.4208% 
0.0934% 
0.2203% 
0.0000% 
0.4008% 
23 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5252% 
0.1067% 
0.4426% 
0.5236% 
0.2345% 
0.1298% 
0.2707% 
1.3767% 
0.3960% 
0.8740% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1325% 
0.2967% 
0.2158% 
0.1121% 
0.2483% 
0.5530% 
0.0934% 
0.2203% 
0.0000% 
0.4008% 
24 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5252% 
0.1067% 
0.4426% 
0.5236% 
0.2345% 
0.1298% 
0.3397% 
1.3767% 
0.3960% 
0.8740% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1325% 
0.2967% 
0.2158% 
0.1121% 
0.2483% 
0.5530% 
0.0934% 
0.2203% 
0.0000% 
0.4008% 
25 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5252% 
0.1067% 
0.4426% 
0.5236% 
0.2345% 
0.1298% 
0.3397% 
1.3767% 
0.3960% 
0.8740% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1325% 
0.2967% 
0.2419% 
0.1915% 
0.2483% 
0.5530% 
0.0934% 
0.2203% 
0.0000% 
0.5634% 
26 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5252% 
0.1067% 
0.4426% 
0.5236% 
0.2345% 
0.1298% 
0.3397% 
1.3767% 
0.3960% 
0.8740% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1325% 
0.2967% 
0.3602% 
0.1915% 
0.2483% 
0.5530% 
0.0934% 
0.2203% 
0.0000% 
0.5634% 
27 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.0000% 
0.4166% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5252% 
0.1067% 
0.4426% 
0.5236% 
0.2345% 
0.1298% 
0.3397% 
1.3767% 
0.3960% 
0.8740% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1325% 
0.2967% 
0.3602% 
0.1915% 
0.2483% 
0.5530% 
0.0934% 
0.2203% 
0.0000% 
0.5634% 
28 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.0000% 
0.4166% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5252% 
0.1067% 
0.4426% 
0.5236% 
0.2345% 
0.1298% 
0.3397% 
1.3767% 
0.3960% 
0.8740% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.3602% 
0.1915% 
0.2483% 
0.5530% 
0.0934% 
0.2203% 
0.0000% 
0.5634% 
29 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.0000% 
0.4166% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5252% 
0.1067% 
0.4426% 
0.5270% 
0.2345% 
0.1298% 
0.3397% 
1.5009% 
0.3960% 
0.8740% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0656% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.3602% 
0.1915% 
0.2483% 
0.6915% 
0.0934% 
0.2203% 
0.0000% 
0.5634% 
30 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.0000% 
0.4166% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5252% 
0.1067% 
0.4426% 
0.5270% 
0.2345% 
0.1298% 
0.3397% 
1.5009% 
0.3960% 
0.8740% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1770% 
0.0656% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.3602% 
0.1915% 
0.2483% 
0.6915% 
0.0934% 
0.2203% 
0.0000% 
0.5634% 
31 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.0000% 
0.4166% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5252% 
0.1067% 
0.4426% 
0.5270% 
0.2345% 
0.1298% 
0.3397% 
1.5009% 
0.3960% 
0.8740% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1770% 
0.0656% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.3602% 
0.3762% 
0.2483% 
0.6915% 
0.0934% 
0.2203% 
0.0000% 
0.5634% 
32 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.0000% 
0.4166% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5252% 
0.1067% 
0.4426% 
0.5270% 
0.2345% 
0.1298% 
0.3397% 
1.5009% 
0.3960% 
0.8740% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1770% 
0.0656% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.3602% 
0.3762% 
0.2483% 
0.6915% 
0.0934% 
0.2203% 
0.0000% 
0.5634% 
33 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.0000% 
0.4166% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5252% 
0.1067% 
0.4426% 
0.5270% 
0.2345% 
0.1298% 
0.3397% 
1.5009% 
0.3960% 
0.9920% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1770% 
0.0656% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.3602% 
0.3762% 
0.2483% 
0.6915% 
0.0934% 
0.4520% 
0.0000% 
0.5634% 
34 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.3814% 
0.4166% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5252% 
0.1067% 
0.5992% 
0.5270% 
0.2345% 
0.1298% 
0.3397% 
1.5009% 
0.5409% 
0.9920% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1770% 
0.0656% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.3602% 
0.3762% 
0.2483% 
0.6915% 
0.1583% 
0.4520% 
0.0000% 
0.5634% 
35 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.3814% 
0.4166% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5252% 
0.2143% 
0.5992% 
0.5270% 
0.2345% 
0.1298% 
0.3397% 
1.6834% 
0.5409% 
0.9920% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1770% 
0.0656% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.3602% 
0.3762% 
0.2483% 
0.6915% 
0.1583% 
0.4520% 
0.0000% 
0.5634% 
36 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.3814% 
0.4166% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5252% 
0.2143% 
0.5992% 
0.5635% 
0.2345% 
0.1298% 
0.4539% 
1.6834% 
0.5409% 
0.9920% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1770% 
0.0656% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.3602% 
0.3762% 
0.2483% 
0.6915% 
0.1583% 
0.4520% 
0.0000% 
0.5634% 
37 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.3814% 
0.4166% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2143% 
0.5992% 
0.5635% 
0.2345% 
0.1298% 
0.4539% 
1.6834% 
0.5409% 
0.9920% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1770% 
0.0656% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.3602% 
0.3762% 
0.3486% 
0.6915% 
0.1583% 
0.4520% 
0.0000% 
0.5634% 
38 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.3814% 
0.4166% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2143% 
0.5992% 
0.5635% 
0.3102% 
0.1298% 
0.4539% 
1.6834% 
0.5409% 
0.9920% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1770% 
0.0656% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.4735% 
0.3762% 
0.3486% 
0.6915% 
0.1583% 
0.4520% 
0.1394% 
0.5634% 
39 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.3814% 
0.6717% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2143% 
0.6245% 
0.5635% 
0.3102% 
0.1298% 
0.4539% 
1.6834% 
0.5409% 
1.5608% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1770% 
0.0656% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.4735% 
0.3762% 
0.3486% 
0.6915% 
0.1583% 
0.4520% 
0.1394% 
0.5634% 
40 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.3814% 
0.6717% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2143% 
0.6684% 
0.5635% 
0.3102% 
0.1298% 
0.4539% 
1.6834% 
0.7086% 
1.5608% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1770% 
0.0656% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.4735% 
0.3762% 
0.3486% 
0.6915% 
0.1583% 
0.4520% 
0.1394% 
0.5634% 
41 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.6708% 
0.6717% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2953% 
0.6684% 
0.5635% 
0.3102% 
0.1298% 
0.4539% 
1.6834% 
0.7086% 
1.5608% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1770% 
0.0656% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.4735% 
0.3762% 
0.3486% 
0.6915% 
0.1583% 
0.4520% 
0.1394% 
0.5634% 
42 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.6708% 
0.6717% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2953% 
0.6684% 
0.5703% 
0.3102% 
0.1298% 
0.5800% 
1.6834% 
0.7086% 
1.6217% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1770% 
0.0883% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.4735% 
0.3762% 
0.3486% 
0.6915% 
0.1583% 
0.4520% 
0.1394% 
0.5634% 
43 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.6708% 
0.6717% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2953% 
0.6684% 
0.5703% 
0.3102% 
0.1941% 
0.5800% 
1.6834% 
0.7086% 
1.6217% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1770% 
0.3358% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.4735% 
0.3762% 
0.3486% 
0.6915% 
0.1583% 
0.4520% 
0.3196% 
0.5634% 
44 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.6708% 
0.6717% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2953% 
0.6684% 
0.5703% 
0.3401% 
0.1941% 
0.5800% 
1.6834% 
0.7086% 
1.6217% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1770% 
0.3358% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.4735% 
0.3762% 
0.3486% 
0.6915% 
0.1583% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.5634% 
45 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.6708% 
0.6717% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2953% 
0.6684% 
0.7120% 
0.3401% 
0.1941% 
0.5800% 
1.6834% 
0.7275% 
1.6217% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1770% 
0.3358% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.4913% 
0.3762% 
0.3486% 
0.6915% 
0.2097% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.5634% 
46 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.8060% 
0.6717% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2953% 
0.6684% 
0.7120% 
0.3401% 
0.2073% 
0.5800% 
1.6834% 
0.8065% 
1.6217% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1770% 
0.3358% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.4913% 
0.3762% 
0.3486% 
0.6915% 
0.2097% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.5634% 
47 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.8060% 
0.6717% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2953% 
0.6684% 
0.7120% 
0.3401% 
0.2073% 
0.5900% 
1.8044% 
0.8065% 
1.6217% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1770% 
0.4127% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.4913% 
0.3762% 
0.3875% 
0.6915% 
0.2097% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.5634% 
48 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.8060% 
0.6717% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2953% 
0.6684% 
0.7120% 
0.3401% 
0.2073% 
0.5900% 
1.8044% 
0.8065% 
1.6217% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3967% 
0.4127% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.4913% 
0.4007% 
0.4049% 
0.6915% 
0.2097% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.5634% 
49 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.8060% 
0.6717% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2953% 
0.6684% 
0.7120% 
0.3401% 
0.2509% 
0.5900% 
1.8044% 
0.8065% 
1.6217% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3967% 
0.4127% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.4913% 
0.4007% 
0.4049% 
0.6915% 
0.2097% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.5634% 
50 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.8060% 
0.6717% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2953% 
0.6684% 
0.7120% 
0.3401% 
0.2509% 
0.5900% 
1.8044% 
0.8065% 
1.6217% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3967% 
0.4127% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.4913% 
0.4007% 
0.4049% 
0.6915% 
0.2097% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.5634% 
51 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.8060% 
0.6717% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2953% 
0.6684% 
0.7120% 
0.3401% 
0.2509% 
0.5900% 
1.8044% 
0.8065% 
1.6217% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3967% 
0.4127% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.4913% 
0.4767% 
0.4049% 
0.6915% 
0.2097% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.5634% 
52 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.8060% 
0.6717% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2953% 
0.6684% 
0.7120% 
0.3401% 
0.2509% 
0.5900% 
1.8044% 
0.8737% 
1.6217% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3967% 
0.4127% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.4913% 
0.4767% 
0.4049% 
0.6915% 
0.2097% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.5634% 
53 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4448% 
0.8060% 
0.6717% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2953% 
0.6684% 
0.7120% 
0.3401% 
0.2509% 
0.5900% 
1.8044% 
0.8737% 
1.6217% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3967% 
0.4127% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.4913% 
0.4767% 
0.4386% 
0.6915% 
0.2097% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.5634% 
54 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.4448% 
0.8060% 
0.6717% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2953% 
0.6684% 
0.7120% 
0.3401% 
0.2509% 
0.5900% 
1.8044% 
0.8737% 
1.6217% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3967% 
0.4127% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.4913% 
0.4767% 
0.4386% 
0.6915% 
0.2097% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
55 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.4448% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2953% 
0.6684% 
0.7120% 
0.3401% 
0.2509% 
0.5900% 
1.8044% 
0.8737% 
1.6217% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3967% 
0.4127% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.4913% 
0.4767% 
0.4386% 
0.6915% 
0.2097% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
56 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.4448% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2953% 
0.6684% 
0.8051% 
0.3480% 
0.2509% 
0.5900% 
1.8044% 
0.8737% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3967% 
0.4127% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.4913% 
0.4767% 
0.4386% 
0.6915% 
0.2375% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
57 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.4448% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2953% 
0.6684% 
0.8051% 
0.3480% 
0.2509% 
0.5900% 
1.8044% 
0.9159% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3967% 
0.4127% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.4913% 
0.4767% 
0.4386% 
0.6915% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
58 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.4448% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2993% 
0.6684% 
0.8051% 
0.3480% 
0.2509% 
0.5900% 
1.8044% 
0.9159% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3967% 
0.4127% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.4913% 
0.4767% 
0.4386% 
0.7770% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
59 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.4448% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2993% 
0.6684% 
0.8051% 
0.3480% 
0.2509% 
0.5900% 
1.8044% 
0.9159% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3967% 
0.4127% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.4913% 
0.4767% 
0.4386% 
0.7770% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
60 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.4448% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2993% 
0.6684% 
0.8051% 
0.3625% 
0.2509% 
0.6253% 
1.8044% 
0.9159% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3967% 
0.4127% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.7770% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
61 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.4448% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2993% 
0.6684% 
0.8051% 
0.3625% 
0.2509% 
0.6253% 
1.8044% 
0.9159% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4127% 
0.3527% 
0.2967% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.7770% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
62 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.4448% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2993% 
0.6684% 
0.8051% 
0.3625% 
0.2509% 
0.6253% 
1.8044% 
0.9159% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4127% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.7770% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
63 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.4448% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2993% 
0.6684% 
0.8051% 
0.3625% 
0.2509% 
0.6253% 
1.8044% 
0.9159% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4127% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.7770% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
64 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.4448% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2993% 
0.6684% 
0.8051% 
0.3625% 
0.2651% 
0.6253% 
1.8044% 
0.9159% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4127% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.7770% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
65 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.4448% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2993% 
0.6684% 
0.8051% 
0.3625% 
0.2651% 
0.6253% 
1.8044% 
0.9159% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4127% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.7874% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
66 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.4448% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2993% 
0.6684% 
0.8051% 
0.3625% 
0.2651% 
0.6253% 
1.8044% 
0.9159% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4127% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.7874% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
67 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.4448% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2993% 
0.6684% 
0.8051% 
0.3625% 
0.2651% 
0.6253% 
1.8044% 
0.9270% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.7874% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
68 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.4448% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2993% 
0.6684% 
0.8051% 
0.3625% 
0.2702% 
0.6253% 
1.8044% 
0.9360% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.7874% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
69 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.4448% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2993% 
0.6684% 
0.8051% 
0.3625% 
0.2702% 
0.6253% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.7874% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
70 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5252% 
0.2993% 
0.6684% 
0.8051% 
0.3625% 
0.2702% 
0.6253% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.7874% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
71 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.6684% 
0.8051% 
0.3625% 
0.2702% 
0.6253% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.7874% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
72 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.6684% 
0.8051% 
0.3625% 
0.3620% 
0.6455% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.7874% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
73 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.6684% 
0.8051% 
0.3625% 
0.3620% 
0.6455% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.7874% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
74 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.6684% 
0.8051% 
0.3625% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.7874% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
75 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3625% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.7874% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
76 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3625% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.7874% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
77 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3625% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.8109% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
78 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3625% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.8109% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
79 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3625% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.8109% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
80 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3920% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.8109% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
81 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3920% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.8109% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
82 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3920% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.8109% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
83 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3920% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.8109% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
84 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3920% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.8109% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
85 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3920% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.8109% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
86 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3920% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.8109% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
87 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0757% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3920% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.8109% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
88 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0865% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3920% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.8109% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
0.6040% 
89 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0865% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3920% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.8109% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
0.3196% 
 
90 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0865% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3920% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.8109% 
0.3211% 
0.5446% 
 
 
91 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0865% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3920% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.8109% 
0.3211% 
 
 
 
92 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0865% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3945% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
0.8109% 
 
 
 
 
93 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0865% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3945% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
0.4386% 
 
 
 
 
 
94 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0865% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3945% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
0.5829% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
95 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0865% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3945% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
0.4913% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
96 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0865% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3945% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
0.4569% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
97 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0865% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3945% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
0.3527% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
98 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0865% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3945% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
0.4619% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
99 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0865% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3945% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
0.3967% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
100 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0865% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3945% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
0.0276% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
101 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0865% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3945% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
102 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0865% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3945% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
1.6296% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
103 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0865% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3945% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
1.0383% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
104 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0865% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3945% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
1.8044% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
105 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0865% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3945% 
0.3620% 
0.6963% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
106 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0865% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3945% 
0.3620% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
107 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0865% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
0.3945% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
108 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0749% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0865% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
0.8051% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
109 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0749% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0865% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
0.7572% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
110 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0749% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0865% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
0.2993% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
111 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0749% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0865% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
0.5382% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
112 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0749% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0865% 
0.0000% 
0.3394% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
113 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0749% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0865% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
114 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0749% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
1.0865% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
115 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0749% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
0.8060% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
116 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0749% 
0.3083% 
0.5497% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
117 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0749% 
0.3083% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
118 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
0.0749% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
119 
0.1821% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
120 
0.1821%

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
VLC Product: Auto Credit, Condition: New 
 
Sum Contract Value 
11,593,780.27 
14,539,123.76 
14,143,181.21 
16,157,895.09 
19,316,616.44 
20,245,617.92 
15,613,667.59 
28,510,339.43 
24,970,286.33 
20,674,226.52 
16,489,024.34 
51,721,422.92 
42,726,545.35 
45,188,470.19 
40,748,330.85 
50,301,751.23 
61,413,186.43 
79,807,356.06 
66,171,369.80 
82,244,199.52 
77,241,467.86 71,799,989.07 
35,192,329.15 
52,584,814.56 
81,417,217.90 
83,099,877.08 
71,629,974.48 
93,503,353.46 
93,338,188.19 
108,862,118.77 
100,356,707.92
Number of contract 
691 
886 
841 
906 
1,067 
1,130 
851 
1,481 
1,337 
1,101 
865 
3,178 
2,365 
2,377 
2,153 
2,730 
3,270 
4,183 
3,575 
4,362 
4,107 
3,809 
1,924 
2,985 
4,609 
4,475 
3,877 
5,019 
4,872 
5,513 
5,072
Age 
10-2016 
11-2016 
12-2016 
01-2017 
02-2017 
03-2017 
04-2017 
05-2017 
06-2017 
07-2017 
08-2017 
09-2017 
10-2017 
11-2017 
12-2017 
01-2018 
02-2018 
03-2018 
04-2018 
05-2018 
06-2018 
07-2018 
08-2018 
09-2018 
10-2018 
11-2018 
12-2018 
01-2019 
02-2019 
03-2019 
04-2019 
1 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
2 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
3 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
4 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2052% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
5 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2052% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
6 
0.1726% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2052% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0294% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0306% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0057%
7 
0.1726% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2052% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0655% 
0.0668% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0294% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0306% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0310%
8 
0.1726% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2052% 
0.1480% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0655% 
0.0668% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0294% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0306% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0310%
9 
0.1726% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2052% 
0.1480% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0655% 
0.0668% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0294% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0978% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0850% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0306% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0310%
10 
0.1726% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2052% 
0.1480% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1187% 
0.0668% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0294% 
0.0000% 
0.0292% 
0.0978% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0422% 
0.0850% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0306% 
0.0306% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0310%
11 
0.1726% 
0.1708% 
0.0000% 
0.2052% 
0.1480% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1187% 
0.0668% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0294% 
0.0000% 
0.0292% 
0.0978% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0831% 
0.0422% 
0.0850% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0368% 
0.0306% 
0.0306% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0310%
12 
0.1726% 
0.1708% 
0.0000% 
0.2052% 
0.1480% 
0.0000% 
0.1136% 
0.0000% 
0.1187% 
0.0668% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0294% 
0.0000% 
0.0292% 
0.0978% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2614% 
0.0831% 
0.0422% 
0.0850% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0530% 
0.0368% 
0.0306% 
0.0306% 
0.0000% 
0.0606% 
0.0310%
13 
0.1726% 
0.1708% 
0.0000% 
0.2052% 
0.1480% 
0.0000% 
0.1136% 
0.0000% 
0.1187% 
0.0668% 
0.0000% 
0.0484% 
0.0294% 
0.0000% 
0.0292% 
0.0978% 
0.0000% 
0.1498% 
0.2614% 
0.0831% 
0.0422% 
0.0850% 
0.0000% 
0.0990% 
0.0887% 
0.0726% 
0.0306% 
0.0306% 
0.0738% 
0.0606% 
0.0310%
14 
0.1726% 
0.1708% 
0.0000% 
0.2052% 
0.1480% 
0.0000% 
0.1136% 
0.0000% 
0.1187% 
0.0668% 
0.0870% 
0.0484% 
0.0294% 
0.0000% 
0.0292% 
0.0978% 
0.1462% 
0.1498% 
0.2614% 
0.0831% 
0.0422% 
0.0850% 
0.0796% 
0.0990% 
0.0887% 
0.0726% 
0.0306% 
0.1650% 
0.0738% 
0.0606% 
0.0533%
15 
0.1726% 
0.1708% 
0.0000% 
0.2052% 
0.1480% 
0.0000% 
0.1136% 
0.0000% 
0.1187% 
0.0668% 
0.0870% 
0.0484% 
0.0294% 
0.0000% 
0.0292% 
0.2756% 
0.1462% 
0.1498% 
0.2614% 
0.0831% 
0.0422% 
0.2768% 
0.0796% 
0.0990% 
0.0887% 
0.0726% 
0.3760% 
0.1650% 
0.0738% 
0.1634% 
0.0533%
16 
0.1726% 
0.1708% 
0.2890% 
0.2052% 
0.1480% 
0.0000% 
0.1136% 
0.0000% 
0.1772% 
0.0668% 
0.0870% 
0.0484% 
0.0923% 
0.0000% 
0.3489% 
0.2756% 
0.1462% 
0.1498% 
0.2614% 
0.0831% 
0.2666% 
0.2768% 
0.0796% 
0.0990% 
0.0887% 
0.2332% 
0.3760% 
0.1650% 
0.1158% 
0.1634% 
0.0533%
17 
0.1726% 
0.1708% 
0.2890% 
0.2052% 
0.1480% 
0.0000% 
0.1136% 
0.0431% 
0.1772% 
0.0668% 
0.0870% 
0.0484% 
0.0923% 
0.0681% 
0.3489% 
0.2756% 
0.1462% 
0.1498% 
0.2614% 
0.1283% 
0.2666% 
0.2768% 
0.0796% 
0.0990% 
0.1992% 
0.2332% 
0.3760% 
0.2807% 
0.1158% 
0.1634% 
0.0533%
18 
0.1726% 
0.1708% 
0.2890% 
0.2052% 
0.1480% 
0.0000% 
0.1136% 
0.0431% 
0.1772% 
0.0668% 
0.0870% 
0.0484% 
0.0923% 
0.0681% 
0.3489% 
0.2756% 
0.1462% 
0.1498% 
0.3604% 
0.1283% 
0.2666% 
0.2768% 
0.0796% 
0.1707% 
0.1992% 
0.2332% 
0.4961% 
0.2807% 
0.1158% 
0.1634% 
0.1422%
19 
0.1726% 
0.1708% 
0.2890% 
0.2052% 
0.1480% 
0.0581% 
0.1136% 
0.0431% 
0.1772% 
0.0668% 
0.0870% 
0.0484% 
0.0923% 
0.0681% 
0.3489% 
0.2756% 
0.1462% 
0.1766% 
0.3604% 
0.1283% 
0.2666% 
0.2768% 
0.2366% 
0.1707% 
0.1992% 
0.2446% 
0.4961% 
0.2807% 
0.1158% 
0.3488% 
0.1422%
20 
0.1726% 
0.1708% 
0.2890% 
0.2052% 
0.2153% 
0.0581% 
0.1136% 
0.0431% 
0.1772% 
0.0668% 
0.0870% 
0.0484% 
0.0923% 
0.0681% 
0.3489% 
0.2756% 
0.3167% 
0.1766% 
0.3604% 
0.1283% 
0.2666% 
0.3623% 
0.2366% 
0.1707% 
0.2361% 
0.2446% 
0.4961% 
0.2807% 
0.2981% 
0.3595% 
0.1422%
21 
0.1726% 
0.1708% 
0.2890% 
0.3076% 
0.2153% 
0.0581% 
0.1136% 
0.0431% 
0.1772% 
0.1687% 
0.0870% 
0.0484% 
0.0923% 
0.0681% 
0.3489% 
0.2756% 
0.3329% 
0.1766% 
0.3604% 
0.1283% 
0.3276% 
0.3623% 
0.2366% 
0.2138% 
0.2361% 
0.2446% 
0.4961% 
0.2961% 
0.2981% 
0.3595% 
0.1770%
22 
0.1726% 
0.1708% 
0.2890% 
0.3076% 
0.2153% 
0.0581% 
0.1136% 
0.0431% 
0.1772% 
0.1852% 
0.0870% 
0.0484% 
0.0923% 
0.0681% 
0.3931% 
0.3159% 
0.3329% 
0.1766% 
0.3604% 
0.2000% 
0.3276% 
0.3623% 
0.2853% 
0.2138% 
0.2361% 
0.2446% 
0.5601% 
0.3125% 
0.2981% 
0.3595% 
0.1770%
23 
0.1726% 
0.2934% 
0.2890% 
0.3076% 
0.2153% 
0.0581% 
0.1136% 
0.0748% 
0.1772% 
0.1852% 
0.0870% 
0.0484% 
0.0923% 
0.0681% 
0.3931% 
0.3159% 
0.3329% 
0.1766% 
0.4091% 
0.2000% 
0.3276% 
0.3985% 
0.2853% 
0.2138% 
0.2361% 
0.2630% 
0.5601% 
0.3125% 
0.2981% 
0.3731% 
0.2552%
24 
0.1726% 
0.2934% 
0.2890% 
0.3076% 
0.2153% 
0.0581% 
0.1136% 
0.0748% 
0.1772% 
0.1852% 
0.0870% 
0.0484% 
0.0923% 
0.0681% 
0.3931% 
0.3159% 
0.3329% 
0.2407% 
0.4091% 
0.2000% 
0.3856% 
0.3985% 
0.2853% 
0.2138% 
0.2361% 
0.2630% 
0.5601% 
0.3125% 
0.2981% 
0.3970% 
0.2552%
25 
0.1726% 
0.2934% 
0.2890% 
0.3076% 
0.2153% 
0.1784% 
0.1136% 
0.0748% 
0.1772% 
0.1852% 
0.0870% 
0.2384% 
0.0923% 
0.0681% 
0.3931% 
0.3159% 
0.3580% 
0.2407% 
0.4091% 
0.2405% 
0.4086% 
0.3985% 
0.2853% 
0.3017% 
0.2453% 
0.2630% 
0.5601% 
0.3125% 
0.3995% 
0.4025% 
0.2552%
26 
0.1726% 
0.2934% 
0.2890% 
0.3076% 
0.3518% 
0.1784% 
0.1136% 
0.0748% 
0.1772% 
0.1852% 
0.1541% 
0.2384% 
0.0923% 
0.0681% 
0.3931% 
0.3523% 
0.3580% 
0.2407% 
0.4380% 
0.2405% 
0.4086% 
0.3985% 
0.3526% 
0.3017% 
0.2453% 
0.2630% 
0.5601% 
0.4447% 
0.3995% 
0.4025% 
0.2949%
27 
0.1726% 
0.2934% 
0.2890% 
0.3076% 
0.3518% 
0.1784% 
0.1136% 
0.0748% 
0.1772% 
0.2804% 
0.1541% 
0.2501% 
0.0923% 
0.0681% 
0.5421% 
0.3523% 
0.3580% 
0.2955% 
0.4380% 
0.2405% 
0.4086% 
0.3985% 
0.3526% 
0.3017% 
0.2453% 
0.2630% 
0.6762% 
0.4562% 
0.3995% 
0.4109% 
0.2949%
28 
0.1726% 
0.2934% 
0.2890% 
0.3076% 
0.3518% 
0.1784% 
0.1136% 
0.0748% 
0.2166% 
0.2804% 
0.1541% 
0.2501% 
0.0923% 
0.1433% 
0.5421% 
0.3523% 
0.4128% 
0.2955% 
0.4380% 
0.2405% 
0.4397% 
0.3985% 
0.3526% 
0.3017% 
0.2453% 
0.3427% 
0.6856% 
0.4562% 
0.4988% 
0.4109% 
0.2949%
29 
0.1726% 
0.2934% 
0.2890% 
0.3076% 
0.3518% 
0.1784% 
0.1136% 
0.0748% 
0.2166% 
0.2804% 
0.1719% 
0.2501% 
0.1151% 
0.1433% 
0.5421% 
0.3523% 
0.4128% 
0.2955% 
0.4559% 
0.2584% 
0.4397% 
0.3985% 
0.3526% 
0.3017% 
0.2610% 
0.3427% 
0.6856% 
0.4918% 
0.5024% 
0.4109% 
0.2949%
30 
0.1726% 
0.2934% 
0.2890% 
0.3076% 
0.3518% 
0.1784% 
0.1879% 
0.0748% 
0.2166% 
0.2804% 
0.1719% 
0.2501% 
0.1151% 
0.1433% 
0.6012% 
0.3523% 
0.4128% 
0.2955% 
0.4618% 
0.2644% 
0.4397% 
0.4123% 
0.3526% 
0.4429% 
0.2610% 
0.3486% 
0.7301% 
0.4918% 
0.5248% 
0.4109% 
0.3268%
31 
0.1726% 
0.2934% 
0.2890% 
0.3076% 
0.3518% 
0.1784% 
0.1879% 
0.0748% 
0.2166% 
0.2804% 
0.2835% 
0.2501% 
0.1151% 
0.1776% 
0.6012% 
0.3523% 
0.4128% 
0.3133% 
0.4618% 
0.2644% 
0.4397% 
0.4193% 
0.4139% 
0.4429% 
0.2638% 
0.4046% 
0.7301% 
0.4918% 
0.5248% 
0.4685% 
0.3268%
32 
0.1726% 
0.2934% 
0.2890% 
0.3076% 
0.3978% 
0.1784% 
0.1879% 
0.0748% 
0.2166% 
0.3742% 
0.3162% 
0.2501% 
0.1151% 
0.1776% 
0.6012% 
0.3523% 
0.4128% 
0.3133% 
0.4618% 
0.2644% 
0.4397% 
0.5040% 
0.4139% 
0.4429% 
0.3111% 
0.4046% 
0.7301% 
0.4918% 
0.5877% 
0.4685% 
0.3268%
33 
0.1726% 
0.2934% 
0.2890% 
0.3076% 
0.3978% 
0.1784% 
0.1879% 
0.0748% 
0.2843% 
0.3742% 
0.3162% 
0.2501% 
0.1151% 
0.1776% 
0.6098% 
0.3797% 
0.4128% 
0.3133% 
0.4704% 
0.2644% 
0.4819% 
0.5204% 
0.4288% 
0.4703% 
0.3211% 
0.4046% 
0.7301% 
0.5694% 
0.5877% 
0.4685% 
0.3429%
34 
0.1726% 
0.2934% 
0.3636% 
0.3076% 
0.3978% 
0.1784% 
0.1879% 
0.0748% 
0.2843% 
0.3742% 
0.3162% 
0.2501% 
0.1151% 
0.1776% 
0.6098% 
0.3797% 
0.4185% 
0.3133% 
0.4704% 
0.3384% 
0.4819% 
0.5231% 
0.4288% 
0.4703% 
0.3307% 
0.4277% 
0.8401% 
0.5748% 
0.5877% 
0.4752% 
0.3429%
35 
0.1726% 
0.2934% 
0.3636% 
0.3076% 
0.3978% 
0.1784% 
0.1879% 
0.0748% 
0.2843% 
0.3742% 
0.3162% 
0.2501% 
0.1151% 
0.1860% 
0.6098% 
0.3797% 
0.4291% 
0.3133% 
0.5842% 
0.3384% 
0.4944% 
0.5779% 
0.4288% 
0.4703% 
0.3307% 
0.4982% 
0.8401% 
0.5748% 
0.5915% 
0.4788% 
0.3572%
36 
0.1726% 
0.2934% 
0.3636% 
0.3076% 
0.3978% 
0.2496% 
0.1879% 
0.0748% 
0.4509% 
0.3742% 
0.3162% 
0.2501% 
0.1151% 
0.1860% 
0.6098% 
0.3838% 
0.4291% 
0.3540% 
0.5842% 
0.3384% 
0.4944% 
0.5779% 
0.4288% 
0.4703% 
0.4343% 
0.4982% 
0.8401% 
0.5748% 
0.5915% 
0.5787% 
0.3572%
37 
0.1726% 
0.2934% 
0.3636% 
0.3076% 
0.3978% 
0.2496% 
0.1879% 
0.0748% 
0.4860% 
0.3742% 
0.3162% 
0.2501% 
0.1151% 
0.1860% 
0.6098% 
0.3838% 
0.4857% 
0.3540% 
0.5940% 
0.3842% 
0.4944% 
0.5779% 
0.4288% 
0.4884% 
0.4343% 
0.4982% 
0.8401% 
0.5872% 
0.6411% 
0.6025% 
0.3572%
38 
0.1726% 
0.3398% 
0.3636% 
0.3076% 
0.3978% 
0.2496% 
0.1879% 
0.0748% 
0.4860% 
0.3742% 
0.3348% 
0.2501% 
0.1151% 
0.1860% 
0.6098% 
0.5604% 
0.4857% 
0.3591% 
0.6598% 
0.4190% 
0.4944% 
0.5779% 
0.4288% 
0.4884% 
0.4343% 
0.5058% 
0.8401% 
0.6381% 
0.6411% 
0.6121% 
0.3694%
39 
0.1726% 
0.3398% 
0.3636% 
0.3076% 
0.3978% 
0.2496% 
0.1879% 
0.0748% 
0.4860% 
0.4910% 
0.3348% 
0.2501% 
0.1151% 
0.1860% 
0.6098% 
0.5615% 
0.4857% 
0.3879% 
0.6598% 
0.4190% 
0.4944% 
0.6644% 
0.4288% 
0.4884% 
0.4343% 
0.5058% 
0.8607% 
0.6381% 
0.6459% 
0.6385% 
0.3694%
40 
0.1726% 
0.4201% 
0.3636% 
0.3076% 
0.3978% 
0.2496% 
0.1879% 
0.0960% 
0.4860% 
0.5931% 
0.3348% 
0.2593% 
0.1151% 
0.1860% 
0.6098% 
0.5615% 
0.5072% 
0.3879% 
0.6598% 
0.4190% 
0.4944% 
0.6644% 
0.4288% 
0.4884% 
0.4343% 
0.5560% 
0.8680% 
0.6426% 
0.6587% 
0.6385% 
0.3694%
41 
0.1726% 
0.4201% 
0.3636% 
0.3076% 
0.3978% 
0.2496% 
0.1879% 
0.0960% 
0.4860% 
0.5931% 
0.3348% 
0.2593% 
0.1367% 
0.1860% 
0.6098% 
0.5615% 
0.5072% 
0.3879% 
0.6598% 
0.4804% 
0.4944% 
0.6644% 
0.4288% 
0.4884% 
0.4558% 
0.5560% 
0.8728% 
0.6743% 
0.6587% 
0.6385% 
0.3694%
42 
0.1726% 
0.4201% 
0.3636% 
0.3076% 
0.3978% 
0.2561% 
0.1879% 
0.0960% 
0.4860% 
0.5931% 
0.3348% 
0.2954% 
0.1367% 
0.1860% 
0.6574% 
0.5615% 
0.5072% 
0.3879% 
0.7694% 
0.4804% 
0.4944% 
0.6644% 
0.4288% 
0.4884% 
0.4558% 
0.5644% 
0.8944% 
0.6743% 
0.6587% 
0.6385% 
0.4077%
43 
0.1726% 
0.4201% 
0.3636% 
0.3076% 
0.3978% 
0.3276% 
0.1879% 
0.0960% 
0.4956% 
0.5931% 
0.3348% 
0.2954% 
0.1367% 
0.1860% 
0.6574% 
0.5615% 
0.5072% 
0.4390% 
0.7694% 
0.4804% 
0.4944% 
0.6644% 
0.4458% 
0.4884% 
0.4558% 
0.5644% 
0.8944% 
0.6753% 
0.6587% 
0.7017% 
0.4077%
44 
0.1726% 
0.4201% 
0.3636% 
0.3076% 
0.3978% 
0.3276% 
0.1879% 
0.0960% 
0.4956% 
0.6626% 
0.3348% 
0.2954% 
0.2192% 
0.1860% 
0.6574% 
0.5615% 
0.6120% 
0.4428% 
0.7694% 
0.4891% 
0.4944% 
0.7032% 
0.4458% 
0.4884% 
0.4558% 
0.5644% 
0.8944% 
0.6811% 
0.7461% 
0.7017% 
0.4152%
45 
0.1726% 
0.4201% 
0.3636% 
0.3076% 
0.4084% 
0.3276% 
0.1879% 
0.0960% 
0.4956% 
0.6626% 
0.3348% 
0.2954% 
0.2276% 
0.1860% 
0.6574% 
0.6401% 
0.6120% 
0.4428% 
0.7694% 
0.4937% 
0.5479% 
0.7032% 
0.4458% 
0.5015% 
0.4558% 
0.5644% 
0.8944% 
0.7540% 
0.7536% 
0.7017% 
0.4152%
46 
0.1726% 
0.4201% 
0.3636% 
0.3076% 
0.4084% 
0.3408% 
0.1879% 
0.0960% 
0.4956% 
0.6626% 
0.3348% 
0.2954% 
0.2276% 
0.1860% 
0.7127% 
0.6401% 
0.6120% 
0.4428% 
0.7964% 
0.5438% 
0.5479% 
0.7032% 
0.4458% 
0.5015% 
0.4558% 
0.5644% 
1.0067% 
0.7540% 
0.7536% 
0.7017% 
0.4152%
47 
0.1726% 
0.4502% 
0.3636% 
0.3076% 
0.4164% 
0.3408% 
0.1879% 
0.0960% 
0.4956% 
0.6626% 
0.3348% 
0.2954% 
0.2276% 
0.2566% 
0.7127% 
0.6401% 
0.6120% 
0.4428% 
0.8813% 
0.5438% 
0.5530% 
0.7032% 
0.4982% 
0.5015% 
0.4558% 
0.6156% 
1.0067% 
0.7540% 
0.7536% 
0.7017% 
0.4516%
48 
0.1758% 
0.4502% 
0.3636% 
0.3076% 
0.4164% 
0.4213% 
0.1879% 
0.0960% 
0.5523% 
0.6626% 
0.3348% 
0.2954% 
0.2971% 
0.2566% 
0.7127% 
0.6401% 
0.6120% 
0.4890% 
0.8813% 
0.5438% 
0.5530% 
0.7032% 
0.4982% 
0.5015% 
0.4558% 
0.6366% 
1.0067% 
0.7540% 
0.7574% 
0.7949% 
0.4516%
49 
0.1758% 
0.4502% 
0.3636% 
0.3167% 
0.5895% 
0.4213% 
0.2338% 
0.0960% 
0.5523% 
0.6626% 
0.3348% 
0.3286% 
0.2971% 
0.2566% 
0.7262% 
0.6401% 
0.6955% 
0.4890% 
0.8813% 
0.5818% 
0.5710% 
0.7032% 
0.4982% 
0.5263% 
0.4558% 
0.6366% 
1.0067% 
0.7540% 
0.7906% 
0.7949% 
0.4516%
50 
0.1758% 
0.4502% 
0.3636% 
0.3563% 
0.5895% 
0.4213% 
0.3695% 
0.1318% 
0.5523% 
0.6626% 
0.3348% 
0.3286% 
0.2971% 
0.2566% 
0.7327% 
0.7576% 
0.6955% 
0.4890% 
0.8813% 
0.5818% 
0.5710% 
0.7032% 
0.5453% 
0.5263% 
0.4558% 
0.6366% 
1.0067% 
0.7598% 
0.7994% 
0.7949% 
0.4516%
51 
0.1758% 
0.4502% 
0.3636% 
0.3563% 
0.5895% 
0.4213% 
0.3745% 
0.1318% 
0.5523% 
0.6626% 
0.3348% 
0.3286% 
0.3132% 
0.2566% 
0.7327% 
0.7576% 
0.6955% 
0.5096% 
0.8813% 
0.5818% 
0.5710% 
0.7347% 
0.5453% 
0.5263% 
0.4665% 
0.6366% 
1.0339% 
0.7598% 
0.7994% 
0.8114% 
0.4516%
52 
0.1758% 
0.4502% 
0.3636% 
0.3563% 
0.5895% 
0.4213% 
0.3745% 
0.1318% 
0.5523% 
0.6626% 
0.3348% 
0.3286% 
0.3132% 
0.3241% 
0.7327% 
0.7576% 
0.7217% 
0.5139% 
0.8813% 
0.5818% 
0.6048% 
0.7347% 
0.5453% 
0.5263% 
0.4665% 
0.6411% 
1.0339% 
0.7598% 
0.8183% 
0.8114% 
0.4516%
53 
0.4164% 
0.4502% 
0.3636% 
0.4127% 
0.5895% 
0.4213% 
0.3745% 
0.2200% 
0.5523% 
0.6626% 
0.3348% 
0.3286% 
0.3400% 
0.3252% 
0.7327% 
0.7841% 
0.7217% 
0.5139% 
0.8813% 
0.6427% 
0.6048% 
0.7347% 
0.5453% 
0.5263% 
0.4731% 
0.6411% 
1.0339% 
0.7686% 
0.8183% 
0.8114% 
0.4516%
54 
0.4164% 
0.4502% 
0.3636% 
0.4127% 
0.5895% 
0.4213% 
0.4539% 
0.2200% 
0.5523% 
0.6626% 
0.3348% 
0.3416% 
0.3400% 
0.3252% 
0.7424% 
0.7841% 
0.7217% 
0.5139% 
0.8983% 
0.6427% 
0.6048% 
0.7347% 
0.5453% 
0.5263% 
0.4731% 
0.6411% 
1.0339% 
0.7686% 
0.8183% 
0.8114% 
0.4516%
55 
0.4164% 
0.4941% 
0.3636% 
0.4127% 
0.5895% 
0.5413% 
0.4539% 
0.2200% 
0.5736% 
0.6626% 
0.3422% 
0.3416% 
0.3400% 
0.3252% 
0.7424% 
0.7841% 
0.7217% 
0.5465% 
0.8983% 
0.6427% 
0.6048% 
0.7347% 
0.5722% 
0.5263% 
0.4731% 
0.6510% 
1.0339% 
0.7686% 
0.8183% 
0.8342% 
0.4516%
56 
0.4164% 
0.4941% 
0.3636% 
0.4127% 
0.5895% 
0.6332% 
0.4539% 
0.2200% 
0.5736% 
0.7245% 
0.3422% 
0.3416% 
0.3518% 
0.3252% 
0.7424% 
0.7841% 
0.7375% 
0.5465% 
0.8983% 
0.6481% 
0.6048% 
0.7407% 
0.5722% 
0.5263% 
0.4740% 
0.6510% 
1.0339% 
0.7686% 
0.8340% 
0.8342% 
0.4516%
57 
0.4164% 
0.4941% 
0.3636% 
0.4885% 
0.5895% 
0.6332% 
0.4539% 
0.2311% 
0.5736% 
0.7245% 
0.3422% 
0.3416% 
0.3518% 
0.3252% 
0.7424% 
0.7841% 
0.7375% 
0.5465% 
0.8983% 
0.6481% 
0.6413% 
0.7459% 
0.5722% 
0.5501% 
0.4740% 
0.6510% 
1.0339% 
0.7863% 
0.8340% 
0.8342% 
0.4516%
58 
0.4164% 
0.4941% 
0.3636% 
0.4885% 
0.5895% 
0.6332% 
0.4539% 
0.2514% 
0.5736% 
0.7245% 
0.3422% 
0.3416% 
0.3518% 
0.3252% 
0.7915% 
0.7841% 
0.7375% 
0.5465% 
0.8983% 
0.6523% 
0.6413% 
0.7459% 
0.5722% 
0.5501% 
0.4740% 
0.6510% 
1.0339% 
0.7863% 
0.8340% 
0.8342%  
59 
0.4164% 
0.5902% 
0.3636% 
0.4910% 
0.5895% 
0.6332% 
0.4727% 
0.2514% 
0.5736% 
0.7245% 
0.3422% 
0.3416% 
0.3518% 
0.4500% 
0.7915% 
0.7841% 
0.7375% 
0.5465% 
0.9107% 
0.6523% 
0.6413% 
0.7459% 
0.5722% 
0.5501% 
0.4740% 
0.6735% 
1.0339% 
0.7863% 
0.8340%  
 
60 
0.4505% 
0.5902% 
0.3636% 
0.4910% 
0.5895% 
0.7375% 
0.4727% 
0.2514% 
0.6936% 
0.7245% 
0.3422% 
0.3416% 
0.3518% 
0.4500% 
0.7915% 
0.7841% 
0.7375% 
0.5465% 
0.9107% 
0.6523% 
0.6685% 
0.7459% 
0.5722% 
0.5501% 
0.4952% 
0.6754% 
1.0339% 
0.7863%  
 
 
61 
0.4505% 
0.5902% 
0.3636% 
0.4910% 
0.6695% 
0.7526% 
0.4727% 
0.2514% 
0.6936% 
0.7245% 
0.3422% 
0.3416% 
0.3518% 
0.4500% 
0.7915% 
0.7841% 
0.7596% 
0.5569% 
0.9107% 
0.6918% 
0.6685% 
0.7608% 
0.5739% 
0.5722% 
0.4952% 
0.6754% 
1.0339%  
 
 
 
62 
0.4505% 
0.5902% 
0.3636% 
0.4910% 
0.6695% 
0.7687% 
0.4727% 
0.2514% 
0.6936% 
0.7245% 
0.3698% 
0.3416% 
0.3518% 
0.4500% 
0.7915% 
0.7841% 
0.7596% 
0.5569% 
0.9107% 
0.6918% 
0.6685% 
0.7608% 
0.6384% 
0.5722% 
0.4952% 
0.6754%  
 
 
 
 
63 
0.4505% 
0.5902% 
0.3813% 
0.4910% 
0.7453% 
0.8242% 
0.4727% 
0.2514% 
0.6936% 
0.7245% 
0.3698% 
0.3416% 
0.3518% 
0.4500% 
0.7915% 
0.7841% 
0.7596% 
0.5733% 
0.9107% 
0.6918% 
0.6685% 
0.7699% 
0.6384% 
0.5722% 
0.4952%  
 
 
 
 
 
64 
0.4505% 
0.6011% 
0.3813% 
0.4910% 
0.7453% 
0.8242% 
0.4727% 
0.2514% 
0.6936% 
0.7245% 
0.3698% 
0.3416% 
0.3518% 
0.4529% 
0.7915% 
0.7841% 
0.7596% 
0.5733% 
0.9107% 
0.6918% 
0.6819% 
0.7699% 
0.6384% 
0.5722%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
65 
0.4505% 
0.6011% 
0.3813% 
0.4910% 
0.7453% 
0.8242% 
0.4727% 
0.2514% 
0.6936% 
0.7245% 
0.3698% 
0.3416% 
0.3882% 
0.4529% 
0.7915% 
0.7886% 
0.7596% 
0.5733% 
0.9107% 
0.6941% 
0.6850% 
0.7699% 
0.6384%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
66 
0.4505% 
0.6011% 
0.3813% 
0.4910% 
0.7453% 
0.8242% 
0.4727% 
0.2514% 
0.6936% 
0.7245% 
0.3698% 
0.3416% 
0.3882% 
0.4529% 
0.7915% 
0.7886% 
0.7596% 
0.5733% 
0.9225% 
0.6941% 
0.6850% 
0.7699%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
67 
0.4505% 
0.6011% 
0.3813% 
0.4910% 
0.7453% 
0.8242% 
0.4727% 
0.2514% 
0.6936% 
0.7245% 
0.3698% 
0.3416% 
0.3882% 
0.4529% 
0.7915% 
0.7886% 
0.7596% 
0.5733% 
0.9225% 
0.6941% 
0.6850%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
68 
0.4505% 
0.6011% 
0.3813% 
0.4910% 
0.7805% 
0.8242% 
0.4727% 
0.2514% 
0.6936% 
0.7245% 
0.3698% 
0.3416% 
0.4144% 
0.4529% 
0.7915% 
0.7886% 
0.7596% 
0.5733% 
0.9225% 
0.6941%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
69 
0.4505% 
0.6011% 
0.3813% 
0.4910% 
0.7805% 
0.8325% 
0.4727% 
0.2514% 
0.6936% 
0.7245% 
0.3698% 
0.3416% 
0.4184% 
0.4529% 
0.7915% 
0.8038% 
0.7596% 
0.5733% 
0.9225%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
70 
0.4505% 
0.6011% 
0.3813% 
0.4910% 
0.7805% 
0.8325% 
0.4727% 
0.2514% 
0.6936% 
0.7245% 
0.3698% 
0.3416% 
0.4184% 
0.4529% 
0.8014% 
0.8038% 
0.7596% 
0.5733%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
71 
0.4505% 
0.6011% 
0.3813% 
0.4910% 
0.7805% 
0.8325% 
0.4909% 
0.2514% 
0.6936% 
0.7245% 
0.3698% 
0.3416% 
0.4184% 
0.4529% 
0.8014% 
0.8038% 
0.7596%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
72 
0.4505% 
0.6011% 
0.3813% 
0.4910% 
0.7805% 
0.8325% 
0.4909% 
0.2514% 
0.6936% 
0.7245% 
0.3698% 
0.3416% 
0.4184% 
0.4529% 
0.8014% 
0.8038%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
73 
0.4505% 
0.6011% 
0.3813% 
0.4910% 
0.7805% 
0.8325% 
0.4909% 
0.2514% 
0.6936% 
0.7245% 
0.3698% 
0.3485% 
0.4184% 
0.4529% 
0.8014%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
74 
0.4505% 
0.6011% 
0.3813% 
0.4910% 
0.7805% 
0.8325% 
0.4909% 
0.2514% 
0.6936% 
0.7245% 
0.3698% 
0.3485% 
0.4184% 
0.4529% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
75 
0.4505% 
0.6011% 
0.4174% 
0.4910% 
0.7805% 
0.8325% 
0.4909% 
0.2514% 
0.6936% 
0.7245% 
0.3698% 
0.3485% 
0.4184% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
76 
0.4505% 
0.6011% 
0.4174% 
0.4910% 
0.7994% 
0.8325% 
0.4909% 
0.2514% 
0.6936% 
0.7245% 
0.3698% 
0.3485% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
77 
0.4505% 
0.6011% 
0.4174% 
0.4910% 
0.7994% 
0.8325% 
0.4909% 
0.2514% 
0.6936% 
0.7245% 
0.3698% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
78 
0.4505% 
0.6011% 
0.4174% 
0.4910% 
0.7994% 
0.8325% 
0.4909% 
0.2514% 
0.6936% 
0.7245% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
79 
0.4505% 
0.6011% 
0.4174% 
0.4910% 
0.7994% 
0.8325% 
0.4909% 
0.2514% 
0.6936% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
80 
0.4505% 
0.6011% 
0.4174% 
0.4910% 
0.7994% 
0.8325% 
0.4909% 
0.2514% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
81 
0.4505% 
0.6011% 
0.4174% 
0.4910% 
0.7994% 
0.8325% 
0.4909% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
82 
0.4505% 
0.6011% 
0.4174% 
0.4910% 
0.7994% 
0.8325% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
83 
0.4505% 
0.6011% 
0.4174% 
0.4910% 
0.7994% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
84 
0.4505% 
0.6011% 
0.4174% 
0.4910% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
85 
0.4505% 
0.6011% 
0.4174% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
86 
0.4505% 
0.6011% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
87 
0.4505%

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
VLC Product: Auto Credit, Condition: New 
 
 
 
Sum Contract Value 
121,123,713.59 
105,188,651.37 
108,160,164.60 
48,346,009.67 
102,386,955.64 
126,801,670.50 
101,452,502.97 
86,240,144.37 89,566,189.30 
98,069,572.85 
20,686,329.45 
930,521.46 
76,594,734.64 
109,135,452.11 
108,294,228.86 
67,341,379.33 
114,305,262.06 
118,052,345.37 
121,174,101.66 
134,119,496.06 
119,332,775.90 
127,407,818.49 
144,723,968.48 
118,160,777.17 
123,205,135.66 
134,851,365.51 
110,718,544.21 
72,580,531.80 
97,990,287.38 
75,030,600.96 
Number of contract 
6,127 
5,264 
5,447 
2,505 
5,186 
6,717 
5,236 
4,309 
4,530 
4,918 
1,031 
43 
3,741 
5,160 
5,140 
3,285 
5,712 
5,332 
5,567 
6,168 
5,362 
5,669 
6,351 
5,128 
5,245 
5,944 
5,006 
3,245 
4,422 
3,455 
Age 
05-2019 
06-2019 
07-2019 
08-2019 
09-2019 
10-2019 
11-2019 
12-2019 
01-2020 
02-2020 
03-2020 
04-2020 
05-2020 
06-2020 
07-2020 
08-2020 
09-2020 
10-2020 
11-2020 
12-2020 
01-2021 
02-2021 
03-2021 
04-2021 
05-2021 
06-2021 
07-2021 
08-2021 
09-2021 
10-2021 
1 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
3 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0421% 
4 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0229% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0421% 
5 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0238% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0229% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0216% 
0.0735% 
6 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0238% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0270% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0229% 
0.0000% 
0.0510% 
0.0216% 
0.0735% 
7 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0238% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0059% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0270% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0229% 
0.0000% 
0.0510% 
0.0216% 
0.0735% 
8 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0238% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0059% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0270% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0209% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0229% 
0.0000% 
0.0510% 
0.0216% 
0.1225% 
9 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0238% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0059% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0521% 
0.0000% 
0.0270% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0209% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0229% 
0.0000% 
0.0510% 
0.0216% 
0.1225% 
10 
0.0284% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0238% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0059% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0521% 
0.0381% 
0.0270% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0185% 
0.0000% 
0.0209% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0285% 
0.0229% 
0.0000% 
0.0891% 
0.0216% 
0.1225% 
11 
0.0284% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0238% 
0.0000% 
0.0208% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0059% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0733% 
0.0381% 
0.0270% 
0.0000% 
0.0573% 
0.0185% 
0.0000% 
0.0209% 
0.0000% 
0.0619% 
0.0285% 
0.0229% 
0.0279% 
0.0891% 
0.0216% 
0.1225% 
12 
0.0284% 
0.0994% 
0.0042% 
0.0000% 
0.0238% 
0.0436% 
0.0208% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0059% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0415% 
0.0733% 
0.0381% 
0.0270% 
0.1407% 
0.0573% 
0.0185% 
0.0000% 
0.0209% 
0.0885% 
0.0619% 
0.0285% 
0.0489% 
0.0279% 
0.0891% 
0.0216% 
0.2318% 
13 
0.1252% 
0.0994% 
0.0042% 
0.0000% 
0.0238% 
0.0436% 
0.0208% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0332% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.1030% 
0.0415% 
0.0733% 
0.0381% 
0.1281% 
0.1407% 
0.0573% 
0.0185% 
0.0000% 
0.1057% 
0.0885% 
0.0619% 
0.0729% 
0.0493% 
0.0279% 
0.0891% 
0.0842% 
0.2318% 
14 
0.1252% 
0.0994% 
0.0042% 
0.3989% 
0.0238% 
0.0436% 
0.0208% 
0.0000% 
0.2043% 
0.0332% 
0.0000% 0.0000% 
0.1030% 
0.0415% 
0.0733% 
0.1698% 
0.1281% 
0.1407% 
0.0573% 
0.0185% 
0.0775% 
0.1057% 
0.0885% 
0.0619% 
0.0729% 
0.0493% 
0.0279% 
0.1551% 
0.0842% 
0.2318% 
15 
0.1252% 
0.0994% 
0.1698% 
0.3989% 
0.0238% 
0.0436% 
0.0391% 
0.2158% 
0.2043% 
0.0332% 
0.1129% 0.0000% 
0.1030% 
0.0415% 
0.1805% 
0.1698% 
0.1281% 
0.1407% 
0.0573% 
0.1703% 
0.0881% 
0.1057% 
0.1198% 
0.0619% 
0.0729% 
0.0789% 
0.1116% 
0.1551% 
0.0842% 
0.2318% 
16 
0.1252% 
0.1474% 
0.1698% 
0.4268% 
0.0238% 
0.0436% 
0.2463% 
0.2158% 
0.2043% 
0.0909% 
0.1129% 0.0000% 
0.1030% 
0.1035% 
0.1805% 
0.1698% 
0.1281% 
0.1407% 
0.1830% 
0.1703% 
0.0881% 
0.1057% 
0.1198% 
0.0619% 
0.0729% 
0.1344% 
0.1116% 
0.1551% 
0.0842% 
0.2318% 
17 
0.1978% 
0.1474% 
0.1698% 
0.4268% 
0.0238% 
0.0904% 
0.2463% 
0.2222% 
0.2043% 
0.0995% 
0.1129% 0.0000% 
0.2047% 
0.1035% 
0.1805% 
0.1698% 
0.1281% 
0.1956% 
0.1830% 
0.1703% 
0.0881% 
0.1057% 
0.1198% 
0.0619% 
0.1127% 
0.1344% 
0.1116% 
0.1551% 
0.0842% 
0.2791% 
18 
0.1978% 
0.1474% 
0.1698% 
0.4268% 
0.0523% 
0.0904% 
0.2497% 
0.3871% 
0.2043% 
0.0995% 
0.1129% 0.0000% 
0.2047% 
0.1035% 
0.1805% 
0.1698% 
0.2071% 
0.2006% 
0.1830% 
0.2494% 
0.0881% 
0.1057% 
0.1198% 
0.1228% 
0.1127% 
0.1344% 
0.1116% 
0.1551% 
0.1305% 
0.2791% 
19 
0.1984% 
0.1474% 
0.1698% 
0.6349% 
0.0523% 
0.0936% 
0.3502% 
0.3871% 
0.2043% 
0.0995% 
0.1129% 0.0000% 
0.2047% 
0.1038% 
0.1805% 
0.2665% 
0.2071% 
0.2006% 
0.2248% 
0.2843% 
0.0881% 
0.1057% 
0.2168% 
0.1269% 
0.1184% 
0.1344% 
0.1116% 
0.1713% 
0.1305% 
0.2791% 
20 
0.1984% 
0.1474% 
0.2684% 
0.6349% 
0.0523% 
0.1443% 
0.3502% 
0.3871% 
0.2043% 
0.2264% 
0.1129% 0.0000% 
0.2047% 
0.1038% 
0.2758% 
0.3041% 
0.2071% 
0.2515% 
0.2248% 
0.3174% 
0.0881% 
0.1524% 
0.2168% 
0.1611% 
0.1184% 
0.1506% 
0.1432% 
0.1713% 
0.1374% 
0.2791% 
21 
0.2406% 
0.2319% 
0.2684% 
0.6349% 
0.1328% 
0.1587% 
0.3502% 
0.3871% 
0.2462% 
0.2264% 
0.1129% 0.0000% 
0.2047% 
0.2390% 
0.2758% 
0.3041% 
0.2198% 
0.2515% 
0.2248% 
0.3174% 
0.1552% 
0.1524% 
0.2168% 
0.1611% 
0.1184% 
0.2465% 
0.1432% 
0.1713% 
0.1737% 
0.2907% 
22 
0.3090% 
0.2319% 
0.2684% 
0.6803% 
0.1328% 
0.1587% 
0.3502% 
0.4541% 
0.2462% 
0.2264% 
0.1129% 0.0000% 
0.3015% 
0.2390% 
0.2758% 
0.3326% 
0.2198% 
0.2515% 
0.2248% 
0.3174% 
0.1552% 
0.1524% 
0.2168% 
0.1910% 
0.1894% 
0.2465% 
0.1870% 
0.1910% 
0.1737% 
0.2907% 
23 
0.3090% 
0.2319% 
0.2874% 
0.6803% 
0.1512% 
0.1587% 
0.5126% 
0.4541% 
0.2462% 
0.2264% 
0.1129% 0.0000% 
0.3015% 
0.2554% 
0.3104% 
0.3326% 
0.2198% 
0.2515% 
0.2448% 
0.3327% 
0.1552% 
0.1524% 
0.2168% 
0.2123% 
0.1894% 
0.2465% 
0.1894% 
0.1910% 
0.1737% 
0.2907% 
24 
0.3090% 
0.2319% 
0.2965% 
0.6803% 
0.1512% 
0.2201% 
0.5126% 
0.4541% 
0.2462% 
0.2264% 
0.2059% 0.0000% 
0.3064% 
0.2998% 
0.3104% 
0.3326% 
0.2198% 
0.3030% 
0.2448% 
0.3327% 
0.1552% 
0.1524% 
0.2326% 
0.2201% 
0.1894% 
0.2506% 
0.1894% 
0.1910% 
0.1737% 
0.3210% 
25 
0.3697% 
0.2349% 
0.2965% 
0.6803% 
0.1892% 
0.2243% 
0.5126% 
0.4541% 
0.2462% 
0.2751% 
0.2059% 0.0000% 
0.3064% 
0.2998% 
0.3242% 
0.3326% 
0.2361% 
0.3030% 
0.2448% 
0.3327% 
0.1607% 
0.1853% 
0.2433% 
0.2201% 
0.1894% 
0.2506% 
0.1894% 
0.2013% 
0.2519% 
0.3210% 
26 
0.3697% 
0.2412% 
0.2965% 
0.7176% 
0.1892% 
0.2243% 
0.5126% 
0.4541% 
0.2858% 
0.2751% 
0.2059% 0.0000% 
0.3064% 
0.3144% 
0.3242% 
0.3326% 
0.2361% 
0.3030% 
0.2448% 
0.3380% 
0.1931% 
0.1853% 
0.2628% 
0.2486% 
0.1894% 
0.2506% 
0.1894% 
0.2730% 
0.2519% 
0.3210% 
27 
0.3697% 
0.2412% 
0.3685% 
0.7176% 
0.1892% 
0.2277% 
0.5126% 
0.5077% 
0.2858% 
0.2751% 
0.2787% 0.0000% 
0.3064% 
0.3144% 
0.3551% 
0.3326% 
0.2361% 
0.3030% 
0.2448% 
0.4022% 
0.2001% 
0.1853% 
0.3070% 
0.2486% 
0.1894% 
0.2506% 
0.2046% 
0.2730% 
0.2581% 
0.3210% 
28 
0.3740% 
0.3248% 
0.3685% 
0.7176% 
0.1892% 
0.2277% 
0.5126% 
0.5077% 
0.3006% 
0.2950% 
0.2787% 0.4143% 
0.3064% 
0.3660% 
0.3551% 
0.3326% 
0.2361% 
0.3030% 
0.2704% 
0.4061% 
0.2122% 
0.1975% 
0.3070% 
0.2486% 
0.1894% 
0.2873% 
0.2046% 
0.2730% 
0.2581% 
 
29 
0.3830% 
0.3308% 
0.3685% 
0.7176% 
0.1892% 
0.2661% 
0.5126% 
0.5152% 
0.3449% 
0.2950% 
0.2787% 0.4143% 
0.3559% 
0.3660% 
0.3602% 
0.3326% 
0.2361% 
0.3625% 
0.2704% 
0.4061% 
0.2122% 
0.1975% 
0.3070% 
0.2486% 
0.1977% 
0.2873% 
0.2046% 
0.2730% 
 
 
30 
0.3830% 
0.3308% 
0.3911% 
0.7176% 
0.2195% 
0.2733% 
0.5126% 
0.5730% 
0.3449% 
0.2950% 
0.2787% 0.4143% 
0.3559% 
0.3660% 
0.3602% 
0.3326% 
0.2759% 
0.3625% 
0.2704% 
0.4061% 
0.2122% 
0.1975% 
0.3070% 
0.2676% 
0.1977% 
0.2873% 
0.2046% 
 
 
 
31 
0.3830% 
0.3308% 
0.3911% 
0.7817% 
0.2195% 
0.2733% 
0.5126% 
0.5730% 
0.3449% 
0.2950% 
0.2787% 0.4143% 
0.3559% 
0.3660% 
0.3630% 
0.3474% 
0.2759% 
0.3674% 
0.2845% 
0.4061% 
0.2122% 
0.1975% 
0.3149% 
0.2747% 
0.1977% 
0.2873% 
 
 
 
 
32 
0.3868% 
0.3308% 
0.4727% 
0.7817% 
0.2195% 
0.3095% 
0.5276% 
0.5730% 
0.3449% 
0.4048% 
0.2787% 0.4143% 
0.3559% 
0.3660% 
0.3710% 
0.3761% 
0.2759% 
0.3674% 
0.2845% 
0.4061% 
0.2122% 
0.1975% 
0.3149% 
0.2747% 
0.1977% 
 
 
 
 
 
33 
0.3868% 
0.3834% 
0.4727% 
0.7817% 
0.2380% 
0.3126% 
0.5276% 
0.5730% 
0.3741% 
0.4048% 
0.2787% 0.4143% 
0.3559% 
0.4272% 
0.3728% 
0.3761% 
0.2759% 
0.3723% 
0.2845% 
0.4079% 
0.2880% 
0.1975% 
0.3149% 
0.2747% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
34 
0.4152% 
0.3834% 
0.4727% 
0.8446% 
0.2380% 
0.3126% 
0.5276% 
0.6081% 
0.3741% 
0.4048% 
0.2787% 0.4143% 
0.4694% 
0.4351% 
0.3728% 
0.3761% 
0.2759% 
0.3723% 
0.2845% 
0.4190% 
0.2880% 
0.1975% 
0.3149% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
35 
0.4152% 
0.3834% 
0.4942% 
0.8446% 
0.2380% 
0.3158% 
0.6069% 
0.6081% 
0.3741% 
0.4048% 
0.2787% 0.4143% 
0.4895% 
0.4351% 
0.3728% 
0.3761% 
0.2759% 
0.3723% 
0.3052% 
0.4190% 
0.2880% 
0.1975% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
36 
0.4152% 
0.4103% 
0.4942% 
0.8446% 
0.2380% 
0.3900% 
0.6069% 
0.6081% 
0.3741% 
0.4048% 
0.2787% 0.4143% 
0.4895% 
0.4644% 
0.3728% 
0.3761% 
0.2800% 
0.3983% 
0.3052% 
0.4190% 
0.2880% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
37 
0.4322% 
0.4103% 
0.4942% 
0.8446% 
0.3023% 
0.3900% 
0.6069% 
0.6081% 
0.3741% 
0.4424% 
0.2787% 0.4143% 
0.4895% 
0.4644% 
0.3728% 
0.3761% 
0.3311% 
0.3983% 
0.3052% 
0.4190% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
38 
0.4322% 
0.4103% 
0.4942% 
0.9298% 
0.3148% 
0.3900% 
0.6069% 
0.6081% 
0.3829% 
0.4424% 
0.2787% 0.4143% 
0.4895% 
0.4644% 
0.3728% 
0.3761% 
0.3420% 
0.3983% 
0.3052% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
39 
0.4322% 
0.4243% 
0.5088% 
0.9298% 
0.3148% 
0.3900% 
0.6069% 
0.6407% 
0.3829% 
0.4424% 
0.2787% 0.4143% 
0.4895% 
0.4644% 
0.3728% 
0.3761% 
0.3420% 
0.3983% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
40 
0.4322% 
0.4387% 
0.5088% 
0.9298% 
0.3148% 
0.3900% 
0.6069% 
0.6407% 
0.3829% 
0.4572% 
0.2787% 0.4143% 
0.4895% 
0.5008% 
0.3728% 
0.3761% 
0.3420% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
41 
0.4410% 
0.4387% 
0.5088% 
0.9298% 
0.3148% 
0.4212% 
0.6103% 
0.6407% 
0.4106% 
0.4572% 
0.2787% 0.4143% 
0.5237% 
0.5008% 
0.3776% 
0.3761% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
42 
0.4410% 
0.4387% 
0.5088% 
0.9298% 
0.3668% 
0.4221% 
0.6238% 
0.6407% 
0.4106% 
0.4572% 
0.2787% 0.4143% 
0.5237% 
0.5008% 
0.3776% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
43 
0.4427% 
0.4387% 
0.5088% 
0.9883% 
0.3668% 
0.4221% 
0.6367% 
0.6407% 
0.4106% 
0.4572% 
0.3271% 0.4143% 
0.5237% 
0.5008% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
44 
0.4427% 
0.4387% 
0.5624% 
0.9883% 
0.3687% 
0.4456% 
0.6367% 
0.6407% 
0.4106% 
0.5218% 
0.3271% 0.4143% 
0.5237% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
45 
0.4427% 
0.5270% 
0.5624% 
0.9883% 
0.4400% 
0.4456% 
0.6388% 
0.6407% 
0.4352% 
0.5316% 
0.3271% 0.4143% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
46 
0.5142% 
0.5270% 
0.5624% 
1.0124% 
0.4400% 
0.4456% 
0.6388% 
0.6566% 
0.4352% 
0.5316% 
0.3271% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
47 
0.5142% 
0.5270% 
0.5630% 
1.0124% 
0.4400% 
0.4456% 
0.6506% 
0.6566% 
0.4352% 
0.5316% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
48 
0.5158% 
0.5466% 
0.5630% 
1.0124% 
0.4400% 
0.4672% 
0.6506% 
0.6566% 
0.4352% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
49 
0.5198% 
0.5466% 
0.5734% 
1.0124% 
0.4633% 
0.4672% 
0.6506% 
0.6566%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
50 
0.5198% 
0.5466% 
0.5734% 
1.0124% 
0.4633% 
0.4673% 
0.6506%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
51 
0.5198% 
0.5466% 
0.5852% 
1.0124% 
0.4633% 
0.4673% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
52 
0.5198% 
0.5557% 
0.5852% 
1.0124% 
0.4633% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
53 
0.5198% 
0.5657% 
0.5852% 
1.0124% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
54 
0.5198% 
0.5657% 
0.5852% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
55 
0.5198% 
0.5657% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
56 
0.5198%

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
VLC Product: Auto Credit, Condition: New 
 
Sum Contract Value 
97,988,245.39 
81,705,595.70 
75,452,928.38 
97,822,104.80 
131,402,486.28 
110,298,353.80 
143,665,581.09 
125,794,587.65 
105,793,153.76 
69,061,548.57 
103,293,082.58 
89,378,898.28 
89,856,191.09 
73,049,721.24 
100,944,601.01 
111,852,658.11 
124,180,849.19 103,855,191.63 
124,467,285.78 
129,430,944.03 
113,447,735.66 75,913,703.80 
133,238,238.32 
124,823,769.67 
129,646,764.04 
150,455,421.85 
Number of contract 
4,527 
3,664 
3,490 
4,348 
5,619 
4,795 
6,386 
5,493 
4,602 
3,032 
4,493 
3,732 
3,715 
3,011 
4,290 
4,785 
5,257 
4,364 
5,049 
5,325 
4,743 
3,132 
5,423 
5,023 
5,160 
5,850 
Age 
11-2021 
12-2021 
01-2022 
02-2022 
03-2022 
04-2022 
05-2022 
06-2022 
07-2022 
08-2022 
09-2022 
10-2022 
11-2022 
12-2022 
01-2023 
02-2023 
03-2023 
04-2023 
05-2023 
06-2023 
07-2023 
08-2023 
09-2023 
10-2023 
11-2023 
12-2023 
1 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
2 
0.0000% 
0.0284% 
0.0465% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%  
3 
0.0543% 
0.0284% 
0.0465% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0255% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0313% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%  
 
4 
0.0543% 
0.0284% 
0.0465% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0289% 
0.0000% 
0.0539% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0313% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%  
 
 
5 
0.0543% 
0.0284% 
0.0465% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0289% 
0.0000% 
0.0539% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0313% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000%  
 
 
 
6 
0.0543% 
0.0284% 
0.0465% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0289% 
0.0000% 
0.0539% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0532% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000%  
 
 
 
 
7 
0.1146% 
0.0284% 
0.0465% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0289% 
0.0000% 
0.0539% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0208% 
0.0532% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
8 
0.1146% 
0.0284% 
0.0465% 
0.0494% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0289% 
0.0051% 
0.0539% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0208% 
0.0532% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9 
0.1146% 
0.0284% 
0.0950% 
0.0494% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0183% 
0.0289% 
0.0051% 
0.0539% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0481% 
0.0000% 
0.0208% 
0.0532% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
10 
0.1146% 
0.1029% 
0.0950% 
0.0494% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0147% 
0.0183% 
0.0289% 
0.0051% 
0.0539% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0313% 
0.0481% 
0.0000% 
0.0208% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11 
0.1855% 
0.1029% 
0.0950% 
0.0494% 
0.0000% 
0.0644% 
0.0147% 
0.0183% 
0.0498% 
0.0051% 
0.0539% 
0.0000% 
0.0472% 
0.0313% 
0.0481% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
12 
0.1855% 
0.1029% 
0.0950% 
0.0494% 
0.0181% 
0.0644% 
0.0147% 
0.0670% 
0.0498% 
0.0096% 
0.0539% 
0.1281% 
0.0472% 
0.0313% 
0.0481% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
13 
0.1855% 
0.1029% 
0.0950% 
0.1077% 
0.0181% 
0.0644% 
0.0147% 
0.0670% 
0.0498% 
0.0096% 
0.1461% 
0.1281% 
0.0472% 
0.0313% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
14 
0.1855% 
0.1029% 
0.1974% 
0.1077% 
0.0181% 
0.0712% 
0.0147% 
0.0670% 
0.0498% 
0.0433% 
0.1461% 
0.1281% 
0.0472% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
15 
0.1855% 
0.1247% 
0.1974% 
0.1077% 
0.0369% 
0.0712% 
0.0147% 
0.0670% 
0.0852% 
0.0433% 
0.1461% 
0.1281% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
16 
0.2258% 
0.1247% 
0.1974% 
0.1108% 
0.0369% 
0.0712% 
0.0147% 
0.1381% 
0.0852% 
0.0433% 
0.1461% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
17 
0.2258% 
0.1247% 
0.1974% 
0.1108% 
0.0369% 
0.0712% 
0.0352% 
0.1381% 
0.0852% 
0.0433% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
18 
0.2258% 
0.1247% 
0.1974% 
0.1108% 
0.0369% 
0.0712% 
0.0352% 
0.1381% 
0.0852% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
19 
0.2671% 
0.1247% 
0.1974% 
0.1108% 
0.0478% 
0.0712% 
0.0352% 
0.1381% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
20 
0.2671% 
0.1247% 
0.1974% 
0.1108% 
0.0478% 
0.0712% 
0.0352% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
21 
0.2671% 
0.1247% 
0.1974% 
0.1108% 
0.0478% 
0.0712% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
22 
0.2671% 
0.1759% 
0.1974% 
0.1108% 
0.0478% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
23 
0.2848% 
0.1837% 
0.1974% 
0.1108% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
24 
0.2848% 
0.1837% 
0.1974% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
25 
0.2848% 
0.1837% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
26 
0.2848%

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
Auto Credit - Used 
VLC Product: Auto Credit, Condition: Used 
 
Sum Contract Value 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
150,096.10 
Number of contract 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
10 
Age 
01-2014 
02-2014 
03-2014 
04-2014 
05-2014 
06-2014 
07-2014 
08-2014 
09-2014 
10-2014 
11-2014 
12-2014 
01-2015 
02-2015 
03-2015 
04-2015 
05-2015 
06-2015 
07-2015 
08-2015 
09-2015 
10-2015 
11-2015 
12-2015 
01-2016 
02-2016 
03-2016 
04-2016 
1 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
3 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
4 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
5 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
6 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
7 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
8 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
9 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
10 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
11 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
12 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
13 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
14 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
15 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
16 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
17 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
18 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
19 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
20 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
21 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
22 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
23 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
24 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
25 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
26 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
27 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
28 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
29 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
30 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
31 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
32 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
33 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
34 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
35 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
36 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
37 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
38 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
39 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
40 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
41 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
42 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
43 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
44 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
45 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
46 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
47 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
48 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
49 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
50 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
51 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
52 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
53 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
54 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
55 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
56 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
57 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
58 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
59 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
60 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
61 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
62 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
63 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
64 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
65 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
66 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
67 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
68 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
69 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
70 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
71 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
72 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
73 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
74 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
75 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
76 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
77 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
78 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
79 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
80 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
81 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
82 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
83 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
84 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
85 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
86 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
87 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
88 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
89 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
90 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
91 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
92 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
93 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
94 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
95 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
96 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
97 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
98 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
99 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
100 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
101 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
102 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
103 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
104 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
105 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
106 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
107 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
108 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
109 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
110 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
111 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
112 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
113 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
114 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
115 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
116 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
117 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
118 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
119 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
120 
0.0000%

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
VLC Product: Auto Credit, Condition: Used 
 
Sum Contract Value 
124,109.52 
145,393.19 
413,639.70 
162,779.68 
133,438.12 
251,611.28 
263,779.30 
363,882.68 
165,504.00 
702,117.75 
1,122,149.45 
977,145.22 
904,156.98 
836,020.40 
987,217.63 
1,343,400.56 
1,826,879.43 
2,999,588.55 
2,949,339.25 
3,034,196.44 
2,656,649.31 
Number of contract 
7 
9 
26 
11 
9 
14 
14 
23 
12 
36 
60 
54 
45 
42 
57 
82 
110 
197 
180 
178 
150 
Age 
05-2016 
06-2016 
07-2016 
08-2016 
09-2016 
10-2016 
11-2016 
12-2016 
01-2017 
02-2017 
03-2017 
04-2017 
05-2017 
06-2017 
07-2017 
08-2017 
09-2017 
10-2017 
11-2017 
12-2017 
01-2018 
1 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
3 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
4 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
5 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
6 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
7 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
8 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
9 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
10 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.7649% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
11 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.7649% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
12 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
1.9187% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
13 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
1.9187% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
14 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
1.9187% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
15 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
1.9187% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.7061% 
16 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
1.9187% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.7061% 
17 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
1.9187% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.7061% 
18 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.3947% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.7061% 
19 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.3947% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.7061% 
20 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.3947% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.7061% 
21 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.3947% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.7061% 
22 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.3947% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.7061% 
23 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.3947% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.7061% 
24 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.3947% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.7061% 
25 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.3947% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.7061% 
26 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.3947% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.7061% 
27 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.3947% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.7061% 
28 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.3947% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.7061% 
29 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.3947% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.7061% 
30 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
2.3947% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.7061% 
31 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
2.3947% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.7061% 
32 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
2.3947% 
0.0000% 
0.0823% 
0.7061% 
33 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
2.3947% 
0.0000% 
0.0823% 
0.7061% 
34 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
2.3947% 
0.0000% 
0.0823% 
0.7061% 
35 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
2.3947% 
0.0000% 
0.0823% 
0.7061% 
36 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
2.3947% 
0.0000% 
0.0823% 
0.7061% 
37 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
2.3947% 
0.0000% 
0.0823% 
0.7061% 
38 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
2.3947% 
0.0000% 
0.0823% 
1.1363% 
39 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
1.2152% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
2.3947% 
0.0000% 
0.6481% 
1.1363% 
40 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
1.2152% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
2.3947% 
0.0000% 
0.6481% 
1.1363% 
41 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
1.2152% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
2.3947% 
0.0000% 
0.6481% 
1.1363% 
42 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
1.2152% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
2.3947% 
0.0000% 
0.6481% 
1.1363% 
43 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
1.2152% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
2.3947% 
0.0000% 
0.6481% 
1.1363% 
44 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
1.2152% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
2.8419% 
0.0000% 
0.6481% 
1.1363% 
45 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
1.2152% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
2.8419% 
0.0000% 
0.6481% 
1.1363% 
46 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
1.2152% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
2.8419% 
0.0000% 
0.6481% 
1.1363% 
47 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
1.2152% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
2.8419% 
0.8216% 
0.6481% 
1.1363% 
48 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
1.2152% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
3.2816% 
0.8216% 
0.6481% 
1.1363% 
49 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
1.2152% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
3.2816% 
0.8216% 
0.6481% 
1.1363% 
50 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
1.2152% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
3.2816% 
0.8216% 
0.6481% 
1.1363% 
51 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
3.2816% 
0.8216% 
0.6481% 
1.1363% 
52 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
3.2816% 
1.0268% 
0.6481% 
1.1363% 
53 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
3.2816% 
1.0268% 
0.6481% 
1.1363% 
54 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
3.2816% 
1.0268% 
0.6481% 
1.1363% 
55 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
3.2816% 
1.0268% 
0.6481% 
1.1363% 
56 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
3.2816% 
1.0826% 
0.6481% 
1.1363% 
57 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
3.2816% 
1.0826% 
0.6481% 
1.1363% 
58 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
3.2816% 
1.0826% 
1.0019% 
1.1363% 
59 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.1090% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
3.2816% 
1.0826% 
1.0019% 
1.1363% 
60 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.1090% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
3.2816% 
1.0826% 
1.0019% 
1.1363% 
61 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.1090% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
3.2816% 
1.0826% 
1.0019% 
1.1363% 
62 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.1090% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
3.2816% 
1.0826% 
1.0019% 
1.1363% 
63 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.1090% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
3.2816% 
1.0826% 
1.0019% 
1.1363% 
64 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.1090% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
3.2816% 
1.0826% 
1.0019% 
1.1363% 
65 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.1090% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
3.2816% 
1.0826% 
1.0019% 
1.1363% 
66 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.1090% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
3.2816% 
1.0826% 
1.0019% 
1.1363% 
67 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.1090% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
3.2816% 
1.0826% 
1.0019% 
1.1363% 
68 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.1090% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
3.2816% 
1.0826% 
1.0019% 
1.1363% 
69 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.1090% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
3.2816% 
1.0826% 
1.0019% 
1.1363% 
70 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.1090% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
3.2816% 
1.0826% 
1.0019% 
1.1363% 
71 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.1090% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
3.2816% 
1.0826% 
1.0019% 
1.1363% 
72 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.1090% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
3.3247% 
1.0826% 
1.0019% 
1.1363% 
73 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.1090% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
3.3247% 
1.0826% 
1.0019% 
 
74 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.1090% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
3.3247% 
1.0826% 
 
 
75 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.1090% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
3.3247% 
 
 
 
76 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.1090% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5235% 
 
 
 
 
77 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.1090% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
78 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.1090% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
79 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.1090% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1370% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
80 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.1090% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
81 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.1090% 
2.2338% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
82 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.1090% 
2.2338% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
83 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2.1090% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
84 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
85 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
86 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
87 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
88 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
89 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
90 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
91 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
92 
0.0000%

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
VLC Product: Auto Credit, Condition: Used 
 
Sum Contract Value 
3,029,065.81 
4,235,859.25 
3,450,359.73 
3,208,191.59 
2,985,033.16 
5,256,097.28 
4,214,248.51 
5,831,981.90 
8,222,235.06 
7,560,160.26 
7,757,473.13 
10,230,924.85 
9,203,677.60 
11,479,467.72 
10,813,833.06 
11,056,474.01 
9,235,458.80 
11,348,067.56 
8,326,513.10 
Number of contract 
178 
246 
184 
165 
146 
261 
196 
280 
403 
367 
366 
514 
467 
544 
522 
547 
454 
546 
403 
Age 
02-2018 
03-2018 
04-2018 
05-2018 
06-2018 
07-2018 
08-2018 
09-2018 
10-2018 
11-2018 
12-2018 
01-2019 
02-2019 
03-2019 
04-2019 
05-2019 
06-2019 
07-2019 
08-2019 
1 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
2 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
3 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
4 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1399% 
0.0000%
5 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1399% 
0.0000%
6 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1399% 
0.0000%
7 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1399% 
0.0000%
8 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1399% 
0.0000%
9 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1399% 
0.0000%
10 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1399% 
0.0000%
11 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1497% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1399% 
0.0000%
12 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1497% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1714% 
0.0000%
13 
0.0000% 
0.8103% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1497% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1714% 
0.0000%
14 
0.0000% 
0.8103% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2691% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2681% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1714% 
0.0000%
15 
0.0000% 
0.8103% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2691% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1288% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2757% 
0.2681% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
1.1469% 
0.0000%
16 
0.0000% 
0.8103% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2691% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1288% 
0.0000% 
0.3569% 
0.2757% 
0.2681% 
0.0000% 
0.3628% 
1.1469% 
0.0000%
17 
0.0000% 
0.8103% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2691% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1288% 
0.0000% 
0.3569% 
0.2757% 
0.2681% 
0.0000% 
0.3628% 
1.1469% 
0.0000%
18 
0.0000% 
0.8103% 
0.5761% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2691% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1288% 
0.0000% 
0.3569% 
0.2757% 
0.2681% 
0.0000% 
0.3628% 
1.1469% 
0.0000%
19 
0.0000% 
1.0789% 
0.5761% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.7640% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1288% 
0.0000% 
0.3569% 
0.5789% 
0.2681% 
0.0000% 
0.3628% 
1.1469% 
0.0000%
20 
0.0000% 
1.0789% 
0.5761% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4203% 
0.7640% 
0.0000% 
0.4622% 
0.0000% 
0.1288% 
0.0000% 
0.5951% 
0.5789% 
0.2681% 
0.0000% 
0.3628% 
1.4093% 
0.0000%
21 
0.0000% 
1.0789% 
0.5761% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4203% 
0.7640% 
0.0000% 
0.4622% 
0.0000% 
0.1288% 
0.1814% 
0.5951% 
0.5789% 
0.2681% 
0.0000% 
0.3628% 
1.4093% 
0.0000%
22 
0.0000% 
1.0789% 
0.5761% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4203% 
0.7640% 
0.0000% 
0.4622% 
0.0000% 
0.1288% 
0.1814% 
0.5951% 
0.5789% 
0.2681% 
0.0000% 
0.3628% 
1.4093% 
0.4609%
23 
0.0000% 
1.0789% 
0.5761% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.8317% 
0.7640% 
0.0000% 
0.4622% 
0.0000% 
0.1288% 
0.1814% 
0.5951% 
0.5789% 
0.4596% 
0.0000% 
0.3628% 
1.4093% 
0.4609%
24 
0.0000% 
1.4681% 
0.5761% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.8317% 
0.7640% 
0.0000% 
0.4622% 
0.0000% 
0.1288% 
0.6517% 
0.5951% 
0.5789% 
0.4596% 
0.0000% 
0.6041% 
1.4093% 
0.4609%
25 
0.0000% 
1.4681% 
0.5761% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.8317% 
0.8987% 
0.3100% 
0.4622% 
0.0000% 
0.1288% 
0.6517% 
0.9254% 
0.5789% 
0.4596% 
0.0000% 
0.6041% 
1.4093% 
0.4609%
26 
0.0000% 
1.4681% 
0.5761% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.8317% 
0.8987% 
0.3100% 
0.4622% 
0.0000% 
0.1288% 
0.7490% 
0.9254% 
0.5789% 
0.4596% 
0.0000% 
0.6041% 
1.4093% 
0.4609%
27 
0.0000% 
1.4681% 
0.5761% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
1.1831% 
0.8987% 
0.3100% 
0.4622% 
0.0000% 
0.3617% 
0.7490% 
0.9254% 
0.7113% 
0.4596% 
0.0000% 
0.6041% 
1.4093% 
0.4609%
28 
0.0000% 
1.4681% 
0.5761% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
1.1831% 
0.8987% 
0.3100% 
0.4622% 
0.0000% 
0.3617% 
0.7490% 
0.9254% 
0.7113% 
0.4596% 
0.0000% 
0.6041% 
1.4093% 
0.4609%
29 
0.0000% 
1.4681% 
0.5761% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
1.1831% 
0.8987% 
0.3100% 
0.6217% 
0.0000% 
0.3617% 
0.8014% 
0.9254% 
0.7113% 
0.4596% 
0.0000% 
0.6041% 
1.4093% 
0.4609%
30 
0.0000% 
1.4681% 
1.2912% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
1.1831% 
0.8987% 
0.3100% 
0.6217% 
0.0000% 
0.3617% 
0.8014% 
0.9254% 
0.7113% 
0.4596% 
0.0000% 
0.6041% 
1.4093% 
0.4609%
31 
0.0000% 
1.4681% 
1.2912% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
1.1831% 
0.8987% 
0.3100% 
0.6217% 
0.0000% 
0.3617% 
0.8014% 
0.9728% 
0.7369% 
0.4596% 
0.0000% 
0.6041% 
1.4093% 
0.4609%
32 
0.0000% 
1.4681% 
1.2912% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
1.4522% 
0.8987% 
0.3100% 
0.6217% 
0.0000% 
0.3617% 
0.8014% 
0.9728% 
0.7369% 
0.4596% 
0.0000% 
0.6041% 
1.5814% 
0.4609%
33 
0.0000% 
1.4681% 
1.2912% 
0.0000% 
0.5321% 
1.4522% 
1.0429% 
0.3100% 
0.6217% 
0.0000% 
0.3617% 
0.9514% 
0.9728% 
0.7369% 
0.4596% 
0.0000% 
0.7241% 
1.5814% 
0.4609%
34 
0.0000% 
1.4681% 
1.2912% 
0.0000% 
0.5321% 
1.4522% 
1.0429% 
0.3100% 
0.6217% 
0.0000% 
0.5677% 
0.9514% 
0.9728% 
0.7369% 
0.4596% 
0.0000% 
0.7241% 
1.5814% 
0.4609%
35 
0.0000% 
1.4681% 
1.2912% 
0.0000% 
0.5321% 
1.4522% 
1.0429% 
0.3100% 
0.6217% 
0.0000% 
0.5677% 
0.9514% 
0.9728% 
0.7369% 
0.6402% 
0.0000% 
0.7241% 
1.5814% 
0.4609%
36 
0.0000% 
1.4681% 
1.2912% 
0.0000% 
0.5321% 
1.4522% 
1.0429% 
0.3100% 
0.6217% 
0.0000% 
0.5677% 
0.9514% 
0.9728% 
0.8792% 
0.6402% 
0.0000% 
0.7241% 
1.5814% 
0.4609%
37 
0.0000% 
1.4681% 
1.2912% 
0.0000% 
0.5321% 
1.4522% 
1.0429% 
0.3100% 
0.6217% 
0.0000% 
0.5677% 
0.9514% 
0.9728% 
0.8792% 
0.6402% 
0.0000% 
0.7241% 
1.5814% 
0.4609%
38 
0.0000% 
1.4681% 
1.2912% 
0.0000% 
0.5321% 
1.4522% 
1.0429% 
0.3100% 
0.6217% 
0.0000% 
0.5677% 
0.9514% 
0.9728% 
0.8792% 
0.6402% 
0.0000% 
0.7241% 
1.5814% 
0.5954%
39 
0.0000% 
1.4681% 
1.2912% 
0.0000% 
0.5321% 
1.6543% 
1.0429% 
0.3100% 
0.6217% 
0.0000% 
0.5677% 
0.9514% 
0.9728% 
0.8792% 
0.6402% 
0.0000% 
0.7241% 
1.9133% 
0.5954%
40 
0.0000% 
1.4681% 
1.2912% 
0.0000% 
0.5321% 
1.6543% 
1.0429% 
0.3100% 
0.6382% 
0.0000% 
0.5677% 
0.9514% 
0.9728% 
0.8792% 
0.6402% 
0.0000% 
0.7241% 
1.9133% 
0.5954%
41 
0.0000% 
1.4681% 
1.2912% 
0.4749% 
0.5321% 
1.6543% 
1.0429% 
0.3100% 
0.6382% 
0.0000% 
0.5677% 
0.9514% 
0.9728% 
0.8792% 
0.6402% 
0.1469% 
0.7241% 
1.9133% 
0.5954%
42 
0.0000% 
1.4681% 
1.7231% 
0.4749% 
0.5321% 
1.6543% 
1.0429% 
0.3100% 
0.6382% 
0.0000% 
0.5677% 
0.9514% 
0.9728% 
0.8792% 
0.7578% 
0.1469% 
0.7241% 
1.9133% 
0.5954%
43 
0.0000% 
1.4681% 
1.7231% 
0.4749% 
0.5321% 
1.6543% 
1.3087% 
0.3100% 
0.6382% 
0.0000% 
0.5677% 
0.9514% 
0.9728% 
0.8792% 
0.7578% 
0.1469% 
0.7241% 
1.9133% 
0.5954%
44 
0.0000% 
1.4681% 
1.7231% 
0.4749% 
0.5321% 
1.6543% 
1.3895% 
0.3100% 
0.6382% 
0.0000% 
0.5677% 
0.9514% 
0.9728% 
0.8792% 
0.7578% 
0.1469% 
0.7241% 
1.9133% 
0.5954%
45 
0.0000% 
1.4681% 
1.7231% 
0.4749% 
0.5321% 
1.6543% 
1.3895% 
0.3100% 
0.6382% 
0.0000% 
0.5677% 
0.9514% 
0.9728% 
0.8792% 
0.7578% 
0.1469% 
0.8707% 
1.9133% 
0.5954%
46 
0.0000% 
1.4681% 
1.7231% 
0.4749% 
0.5321% 
1.6543% 
1.3895% 
0.3100% 
0.6382% 
0.0000% 
0.5677% 
0.9514% 
0.9728% 
0.8792% 
0.7578% 
0.2295% 
0.8707% 
1.9133% 
0.5954%
47 
0.0000% 
1.4681% 
1.7231% 
0.4749% 
0.5321% 
1.6543% 
1.3895% 
0.3100% 
0.6382% 
0.0000% 
0.5677% 
0.9514% 
0.9728% 
0.8792% 
0.8407% 
0.2295% 
0.8707% 
1.9133% 
0.5954%
48 
0.0000% 
1.4681% 
1.7231% 
0.4749% 
0.5321% 
1.6543% 
1.3895% 
0.3100% 
0.6382% 
0.0000% 
0.5677% 
0.9514% 
0.9728% 
0.8792% 
0.8407% 
0.2295% 
0.8707% 
1.9133% 
0.5954%
49 
0.0000% 
1.4681% 
1.7231% 
0.4749% 
0.5321% 
1.6543% 
1.3895% 
0.3100% 
0.6382% 
0.0000% 
0.5677% 
0.9514% 
0.9728% 
0.8792% 
0.8407% 
0.5443% 
0.8707% 
1.9133% 
0.5954%
50 
0.0000% 
1.4681% 
1.7231% 
0.4749% 
0.5321% 
1.6543% 
1.3895% 
0.3100% 
0.6382% 
0.0000% 
0.5677% 
0.9514% 
0.9728% 
0.8792% 
0.8407% 
0.5443% 
0.8707% 
1.9133% 
0.6854%
51 
0.0000% 
1.7896% 
1.7231% 
0.4749% 
0.5321% 
1.6543% 
1.3895% 
0.3100% 
0.6382% 
0.0000% 
0.6511% 
0.9514% 
0.9728% 
0.8792% 
0.8407% 
0.5443% 
0.8707% 
1.9133% 
0.6854%
52 
0.0000% 
1.7896% 
1.7231% 
0.4749% 
0.5321% 
1.6543% 
1.3895% 
0.3100% 
0.6382% 
0.0000% 
0.6511% 
0.9514% 
0.9728% 
0.8792% 
0.8407% 
0.5443% 
0.8707% 
1.9133% 
0.6854%
53 
0.0000% 
1.7896% 
1.7231% 
0.4749% 
0.5321% 
1.6543% 
1.3895% 
0.3100% 
0.6382% 
0.0000% 
0.6511% 
0.9514% 
0.9728% 
0.8792% 
0.8407% 
0.5443% 
0.8707% 
1.9133% 
0.6854%
54 
0.0000% 
1.7896% 
1.7231% 
0.4749% 
0.5321% 
1.6543% 
1.3895% 
0.3100% 
0.6382% 
0.0000% 
0.6511% 
0.9514% 
0.9728% 
0.8792% 
0.8407% 
0.5443% 
0.8707% 
1.9133% 
 
55 
0.0000% 
1.7896% 
1.7231% 
0.4749% 
0.5321% 
1.6543% 
1.3895% 
0.3100% 
0.6382% 
0.0000% 
0.6511% 
0.9514% 
0.9728% 
0.8792% 
0.8407% 
0.5443% 
0.8707% 
 
 
56 
0.0000% 
1.7896% 
1.7231% 
0.4749% 
0.5321% 
1.6543% 
1.3895% 
0.3100% 
0.6382% 
0.0000% 
0.6511% 
0.9514% 
1.0766% 
0.8792% 
0.8407% 
0.5443% 
 
 
 
57 
0.0000% 
1.7896% 
1.7231% 
0.4749% 
0.5321% 
1.6543% 
1.3895% 
0.3100% 
0.6382% 
0.0000% 
0.6511% 
0.9514% 
1.0766% 
0.8792% 
0.8407% 
 
 
 
 
58 
0.0000% 
1.7896% 
1.7231% 
0.4749% 
0.5321% 
1.6543% 
1.3895% 
0.3100% 
0.6382% 
0.0000% 
0.6511% 
0.9514% 
1.0766% 
0.8792% 
 
 
 
 
 
59 
0.0000% 
1.7896% 
1.7231% 
0.4749% 
0.5321% 
1.6543% 
1.3895% 
0.3100% 
0.6382% 
0.0000% 
0.6511% 
0.9514% 
1.0766% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
60 
0.0000% 
1.7896% 
1.7231% 
0.4749% 
0.5321% 
1.6543% 
1.3895% 
0.3100% 
0.6382% 
0.0000% 
0.6511% 
0.9514% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
61 
0.0000% 
1.7896% 
1.7231% 
0.4749% 
0.5321% 
1.6543% 
1.3895% 
0.3100% 
0.6382% 
0.0000% 
0.6511% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
62 
0.0000% 
1.7896% 
1.7231% 
0.4749% 
0.5321% 
1.6543% 
1.3895% 
0.3100% 
0.6382% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
63 
0.0000% 
1.7896% 
1.7231% 
0.4749% 
0.5321% 
1.6543% 
1.3895% 
0.3100% 
0.6382% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
64 
0.0000% 
1.7896% 
1.7231% 
0.4749% 
0.5321% 
1.6543% 
1.3895% 
0.3100% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
65 
0.0000% 
1.7896% 
1.7231% 
0.4749% 
0.5321% 
1.6543% 
1.3895% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
66 
0.0000% 
1.7896% 
1.7231% 
0.4749% 
0.5321% 
1.6543% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
67 
0.0000% 
1.7896% 
1.7231% 
0.4749% 
0.5321% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
68 
0.0000% 
1.7896% 
1.7231% 
0.4749% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
69 
0.0000% 
1.7896% 
1.7231% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
70 
0.0000% 
1.7896% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
71 
0.0000%

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
VLC Product: Auto Credit, Condition: Used 
 
 
 
Sum Contract Value 
13,166,879.18 
14,623,242.83 
12,907,076.49 
14,061,315.96 
13,681,227.53 
16,879,898.75 
5,053,694.39 
120,588.78 
10,163,185.85 
19,146,286.93 
27,073,294.51 
15,841,389.52 
25,041,089.29 
25,438,527.13 
21,686,696.48 
20,187,650.43 
15,803,431.90 
18,611,016.94 
Number of contract 
628 
675 
607 
656 
676 
830 
246 
6 
489 
898 
1,218 
735 
1,166 
1,199 
986 
908 
744 
912 
Age 
09-2019 
10-2019 
11-2019 
12-2019 
01-2020 
02-2020 
03-2020 
04-2020 
05-2020 
06-2020 
07-2020 
08-2020 
09-2020 
10-2020 
11-2020 
12-2020 
01-2021 
02-2021 
1 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
3 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1004% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
4 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1004% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
5 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1004% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
6 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1004% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
7 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1004% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
8 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1004% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
9 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1004% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1132% 
0.0000% 
10 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1004% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1179% 
0.1132% 
0.0000% 
11 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0682% 
0.0000% 
0.1004% 
0.0000% 
0.1974% 
0.1179% 
0.1132% 
0.0000% 
12 
0.0000% 
0.1355% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1369% 
0.0682% 
0.0000% 
0.1004% 
0.0000% 
0.1974% 
0.1179% 
0.1132% 
0.0000% 
13 
0.5894% 
0.1355% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1369% 
0.0682% 
0.0000% 
0.1004% 
0.0000% 
0.1974% 
0.1179% 
0.1132% 
0.0000% 
14 
0.5894% 
0.1355% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5540% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1369% 
0.0682% 
0.0000% 
0.1004% 
0.0000% 
0.1974% 
0.1179% 
0.1132% 
0.0000% 
15 
0.5894% 
0.1355% 
0.0000% 
0.8048% 
0.5540% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1369% 
0.1134% 
0.0000% 
0.1004% 
0.0000% 
0.1974% 
0.4398% 
0.1132% 
0.0000% 
16 
0.5894% 
0.1355% 
0.1634% 
0.8048% 
0.5540% 
0.1656% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.3936% 
0.1134% 
0.0000% 
0.1004% 
0.0000% 
0.1974% 
0.4398% 
0.3366% 
0.0000% 
17 
0.5894% 
0.4345% 
0.1634% 
0.8048% 
0.5540% 
0.1656% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2331% 
0.3936% 
0.1134% 
0.0000% 
0.1004% 
0.1622% 
0.1974% 
0.4398% 
0.3366% 
0.0992% 
18 
0.7535% 
0.4345% 
0.1634% 
0.8048% 
0.5540% 
0.1656% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2331% 
0.3936% 
0.1134% 
0.0000% 
0.1903% 
0.1622% 
0.1974% 
0.4398% 
0.3366% 
0.0992% 
19 
0.7535% 
0.4345% 
0.1634% 
0.8048% 
0.5540% 
0.1656% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2331% 
0.3936% 
0.1134% 
0.0000% 
0.1903% 
0.1622% 
0.1974% 
0.4398% 
0.3366% 
0.0992% 
20 
0.7535% 
0.5938% 
0.1634% 
0.8048% 
0.5540% 
0.2971% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2331% 
0.3936% 
0.1134% 
0.0000% 
0.1903% 
0.1622% 
0.1974% 
0.4398% 
0.3366% 
0.0992% 
21 
0.9316% 
0.5938% 
0.1634% 
0.8048% 
0.9442% 
0.2971% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2331% 
0.4569% 
0.1829% 
0.0000% 
0.4170% 
0.1622% 
0.1974% 
0.4398% 
0.6919% 
0.0992% 
22 
0.9316% 
0.5938% 
0.1634% 
0.8048% 
0.9442% 
0.2971% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2331% 
0.4569% 
0.1829% 
0.0000% 
0.4170% 
0.1622% 
0.1974% 
0.4398% 
0.6919% 
0.0992% 
23 
0.9316% 
0.5938% 
0.1634% 
0.8048% 
0.9442% 
0.2971% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2331% 
0.4569% 
0.1829% 
0.0000% 
0.4170% 
0.1622% 
0.1974% 
0.4398% 
0.6919% 
0.0992% 
24 
0.9316% 
0.5938% 
0.1634% 
0.8048% 
0.9442% 
0.2971% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2331% 
0.4569% 
0.1829% 
0.0000% 
0.4170% 
0.2298% 
0.1974% 
0.4398% 
0.6919% 
0.0992% 
25 
1.1049% 
0.5938% 
0.1634% 
0.8048% 
0.9442% 
0.3984% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2331% 
0.4569% 
0.1829% 
0.0000% 
0.4170% 
0.2856% 
0.1974% 
0.4398% 
0.6919% 
0.2722% 
26 
1.1049% 
0.5938% 
0.1634% 
0.8048% 
0.9442% 
0.3984% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2331% 
0.4569% 
0.1829% 
0.0000% 
0.4170% 
0.2856% 
0.1974% 
0.4398% 
0.7650% 
0.2722% 
27 
1.1049% 
0.5938% 
0.1634% 
0.8173% 
0.9442% 
0.4248% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2331% 
0.4569% 
0.1829% 
0.0000% 
0.4170% 
0.2856% 
0.1974% 
0.5621% 
0.7650% 
0.2722% 
28 
1.1049% 
0.5938% 
0.1634% 
0.8173% 
0.9442% 
0.4248% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2331% 
0.4979% 
0.1829% 
0.0000% 
0.4170% 
0.2856% 
0.2680% 
0.5621% 
0.7650% 
0.2722% 
29 
1.1049% 
0.8087% 
0.1634% 
0.8173% 
0.9442% 
0.4248% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4146% 
0.4979% 
0.1829% 
0.0000% 
0.4170% 
0.4116% 
0.2680% 
0.5621% 
0.7650% 
0.2722% 
30 
1.2655% 
0.8087% 
0.1634% 
0.8173% 
0.9442% 
0.4248% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4146% 
0.4979% 
0.1829% 
0.0000% 
0.4804% 
0.4116% 
0.2680% 
0.5621% 
0.7650% 
0.2722% 
31 
1.2655% 
0.8087% 
0.1634% 
0.8173% 
0.9442% 
0.4248% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4146% 
0.4979% 
0.1829% 
0.0000% 
0.4804% 
0.4116% 
0.3709% 
0.5621% 
0.7650% 
0.2722% 
32 
1.2655% 
0.8087% 
0.1634% 
0.8173% 
0.9442% 
0.4248% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4146% 
0.4979% 
0.2462% 
0.0000% 
0.4804% 
0.4116% 
0.3709% 
0.5621% 
0.7650% 
0.2722% 
33 
1.2655% 
0.8087% 
0.1634% 
0.8173% 
1.0435% 
0.4248% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.4146% 
0.4979% 
0.2462% 
0.0000% 
0.4804% 
0.4116% 
0.3709% 
0.5621% 
0.7650% 
0.2722% 
34 
1.2655% 
0.8087% 
0.1634% 
0.8173% 
1.0435% 
0.4248% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5850% 
0.4979% 
0.2754% 
0.0000% 
0.4804% 
0.4116% 
0.3709% 
0.8087% 
0.7650% 
0.2722% 
35 
1.2655% 
0.8087% 
0.1634% 
0.8523% 
1.0435% 
0.4248% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5850% 
0.4979% 
0.2754% 
0.0000% 
0.4804% 
0.4116% 
0.3709% 
0.8087% 
0.7650% 
0.2722% 
36 
1.2655% 
0.8087% 
0.1634% 
0.8523% 
1.0435% 
0.4248% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5850% 
0.5292% 
0.2754% 
0.0000% 
0.4804% 
0.4116% 
0.3709% 
0.8087% 
0.7650% 
 
37 
1.2655% 
0.8087% 
0.1634% 
0.8523% 
1.0435% 
0.4248% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5850% 
0.5292% 
0.2897% 
0.0000% 
0.5182% 
0.4116% 
0.3709% 
0.8087% 
 
 
38 
1.2655% 
0.8087% 
0.1634% 
0.8523% 
1.0435% 
0.4248% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5850% 
0.5292% 
0.3067% 
0.0000% 
0.5182% 
0.4116% 
0.3709% 
 
 
 
39 
1.2655% 
0.8087% 
0.1634% 
0.8523% 
1.0435% 
0.4248% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5850% 
0.5292% 
0.3501% 
0.0000% 
0.5182% 
0.4116% 
 
 
 
 
40 
1.2655% 
0.8087% 
0.1634% 
0.8523% 
1.0435% 
0.4248% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.5850% 
0.5292% 
0.3501% 
0.0000% 
0.5182% 
 
 
 
 
 
41 
1.2655% 
0.8087% 
0.1634% 
0.8523% 
1.0435% 
0.4248% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.8084% 
0.5292% 
0.3501% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
42 
1.2655% 
0.8087% 
0.1634% 
0.8523% 
1.0435% 
0.4248% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.8084% 
0.5292% 
0.3501% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
43 
1.2655% 
0.8087% 
0.2621% 
0.8523% 
1.0435% 
0.4248% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.8084% 
0.5292% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
44 
1.3790% 
0.8087% 
0.2621% 
0.8523% 
1.0435% 
0.5313% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.8084% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
45 
1.3790% 
0.8087% 
0.2621% 
0.8523% 
1.4024% 
0.5313% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
46 
1.3790% 
0.8087% 
0.2621% 
0.8523% 
1.4024% 
0.5313% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
47 
1.3790% 
0.8087% 
0.2621% 
0.8523% 
1.4024% 
0.5313% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
48 
1.3790% 
0.8087% 
0.2621% 
0.8985% 
1.4024% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
49 
1.3790% 
0.8087% 
0.2621% 
0.8985% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
50 
1.3790% 
0.8311% 
0.2621% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
51 
1.3790% 
0.8311% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
52 
1.3790%

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
VLC Product: Auto Credit, Condition: Used 
 
Sum Contract Value 
21,728,713.37 
20,111,050.82 
22,326,639.42 
22,147,773.63 
21,285,810.37 
16,070,269.92 
24,504,986.22 
24,435,528.60 
21,708,850.94 
18,229,265.95 
12,880,469.38 
19,732,846.82 
20,372,367.88 
18,623,736.62 
23,022,487.67 
27,179,634.40 
24,215,906.07 
Number of contract 
1,075 
1,009 
1,089 
1,095 
1,022 
774 
1,268 
1,230 
1,079 
858 
604 
922 
969 
901 
1,149 
1,347 
1,204 
Age 
03-2021 
04-2021 
05-2021 
06-2021 
07-2021 
08-2021 
09-2021 
10-2021 
11-2021 
12-2021 
01-2022 
02-2022 
03-2022 
04-2022 
05-2022 
06-2022 
07-2022 
1 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
2 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
3 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
4 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
5 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
6 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
7 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
8 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1347% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
9 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1347% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
10 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1347% 
0.3227% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2045% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
11 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1347% 
0.3227% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1292% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2045% 
0.0232% 
0.0000% 
12 
0.2949% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1347% 
0.3227% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1292% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1122% 
0.0000% 
0.2045% 
0.1079% 
0.0000% 
13 
0.2949% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1347% 
0.3227% 
0.1155% 
0.0000% 
0.1292% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1122% 
0.0271% 
0.2045% 
0.1079% 
0.0000% 
14 
0.2949% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1347% 
0.4557% 
0.1155% 
0.0000% 
0.1292% 
0.0000% 
0.2138% 
0.0000% 
0.1122% 
0.0271% 
0.2045% 
0.1079% 
0.0000% 
15 
0.3733% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2217% 
0.4557% 
0.1155% 
0.0000% 
0.1292% 
0.1105% 
0.2138% 
0.0000% 
0.1122% 
0.0271% 
0.2045% 
0.1079% 
0.0000% 
16 
0.4750% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.2217% 
0.4557% 
0.1155% 
0.0000% 
0.1292% 
0.1105% 
0.2138% 
0.0000% 
0.1419% 
0.0271% 
0.2045% 
0.1079% 
0.0000% 
17 
0.4750% 
0.0000% 
0.1631% 
0.0000% 
0.2217% 
0.4557% 
0.1155% 
0.0000% 
0.1292% 
0.1105% 
0.2138% 
0.0000% 
0.1419% 
0.0271% 
0.2045% 
0.1079% 
0.0000% 
18 
0.4750% 
0.0000% 
0.1631% 
0.0000% 
0.2217% 
0.4557% 
0.1913% 
0.0000% 
0.1292% 
0.1105% 
0.2138% 
0.0000% 
0.1419% 
0.0271% 
0.2045% 
0.1079% 
0.0000% 
19 
0.4750% 
0.0000% 
0.1631% 
0.0000% 
0.2217% 
0.4557% 
0.1913% 
0.0000% 
0.1292% 
0.1105% 
0.2138% 
0.0000% 
0.1419% 
0.0271% 
0.2045% 
0.1079% 
 
20 
0.4750% 
0.0000% 
0.1631% 
0.0000% 
0.3375% 
0.4557% 
0.1913% 
0.1174% 
0.1292% 
0.1105% 
0.2138% 
0.1529% 
0.1419% 
0.0271% 
0.2045% 
 
 
21 
0.4750% 
0.0000% 
0.1631% 
0.0958% 
0.3375% 
0.4557% 
0.1913% 
0.1174% 
0.1292% 
0.1105% 
0.2138% 
0.1529% 
0.1419% 
0.0271% 
 
 
 
22 
0.4750% 
0.0318% 
0.1631% 
0.0958% 
0.3375% 
0.5575% 
0.1913% 
0.1174% 
0.1292% 
0.1105% 
0.2138% 
0.1529% 
0.1419% 
 
 
 
 
23 
0.4750% 
0.0318% 
0.1631% 
0.0958% 
0.3375% 
0.5575% 
0.1913% 
0.1174% 
0.1552% 
0.1105% 
0.2138% 
0.1529% 
 
 
 
 
 
24 
0.4750% 
0.0318% 
0.1631% 
0.1604% 
0.3375% 
0.5575% 
0.1913% 
0.1174% 
0.1552% 
0.1105% 
0.2138% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
25 
0.4750% 
0.0318% 
0.1631% 
0.1604% 
0.3375% 
0.5575% 
0.1913% 
0.1174% 
0.1552% 
0.1105% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
26 
0.4750% 
0.0318% 
0.1631% 
0.1604% 
0.3375% 
0.5575% 
0.1913% 
0.1174% 
0.1552% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
27 
0.4750% 
0.0318% 
0.1631% 
0.1604% 
0.4839% 
0.5575% 
0.1913% 
0.1174% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
28 
0.4750% 
0.0318% 
0.1631% 
0.1604% 
0.5097% 
0.5575% 
0.1913% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
29 
0.4750% 
0.0318% 
0.2353% 
0.1604% 
0.5097% 
0.5575% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
30 
0.4750% 
0.1273% 
0.2353% 
0.1604% 
0.5097% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31 
0.4750% 
0.1273% 
0.2353% 
0.1604% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
32 
0.4750% 
0.1273% 
0.2353% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
33 
0.4750% 
0.1273% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
34 
0.4750%

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
VLC Product: Auto Credit, Condition: Used 
 
Sum Contract Value 
20,294,989.54 
29,863,150.41 
29,667,526.20 
30,182,561.58 
24,817,697.54 
23,163,758.95 
26,191,222.43 
31,875,902.56 
22,871,284.79 
35,785,975.79 
34,181,482.49 
32,435,506.68 
26,177,216.85 
37,242,360.24 
46,392,001.93 
41,037,706.00 
30,635,431.61 
Number of contract 
982 
1,447 
1,383 
1,397 
1,148 
1,056 
1,191 
1,473 
1,056 
1,687 
1,591 
1,473 
1,226 
1,713 
2,031 
1,784 
1,350 
Age 
08-2022 
09-2022 
10-2022 
11-2022 
12-2022 
01-2023 
02-2023 
03-2023 
04-2023 
05-2023 
06-2023 
07-2023 
08-2023 
09-2023 
10-2023 
11-2023 
12-2023 
1 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
2 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
3 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
4 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
5 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
6 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1171% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
7 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1608% 
0.1171% 
0.0000% 
0.0000%
 
 
 
 
 
 
8 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0674% 
0.1608% 
0.1171% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0674% 
0.1608% 
0.1171% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
10 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.1396% 
0.0000% 
0.0674% 
0.1608% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0636% 
0.1396% 
0.0000% 
0.0674% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
12 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0000% 
0.0636% 
0.1396% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
13 
0.0000% 
0.0822% 
0.0000% 
0.0636% 
0.1396% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
14 
0.0000% 
0.0822% 
0.0000% 
0.0636% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
15 
0.0000% 
0.0822% 
0.0000% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
16 
0.0000% 
0.0822% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
17 
0.0000%

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
Delinquencies 
The following data indicates, for the entire auto loan portfolio of Volkswagen Bank GmbH - Italian branch 
(originated under Classic Credit or Auto Credit contracts), and for a given month from December 2007 to 
December 2023, the outstanding balance of the receivables which are current, one up to thirty (1-30) days, thirty-
one up to sixty (31-60) days, sixty-one up to ninety (61-90) days or more than ninety (90) days in arrears, expressed 
as a percentage of the total outstanding balance of the auto loan portfolio at the end of such period. 
The report records the oldest unpaid instalment as the starting point for the calculation of days in arrears. A 
payment of subsequent instalments does not affect the reference date for this calculation, which was the case in 
the old delinquency report.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
AUTOCREDIT 
Dynamic Delinquency Rate 
AUTOCREDIT LOANS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Year/Month 
Principal Outstanding 
Delinquent 
1-30 dpd (€) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
31-60 dpd (€) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
61-90 dpd (€) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
91+ dpd (€) 
91 + 
dpd (%) 
Total 
Outstanding 
Current (€) 
Current (%) 
12.2007 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
01.2008 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
02.2008 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
03.2008 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
04.2008 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
05.2008 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
06.2008 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
07.2008 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
08.2008 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
09.2008 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
10.2008 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
11.2008 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
12.2008 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
01.2009 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
02.2009 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
03.2009 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
04.2009 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
05.2009 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
06.2009 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
07.2009 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
08.2009 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
09.2009 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
10.2009 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
11.2009 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
12.2009 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
01.2010 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
02.2010 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
03.2010 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
04.2010 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
05.2010 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
06.2010 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
07.2010 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
08.2010 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
09.2010 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
10.2010 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
11.2010 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
12.2010 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
01.2011 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
02.2011 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
03.2011 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
04.2011 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
05.2011 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
06.2011 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
07.2011 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
08.2011 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
09.2011 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
10.2011 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
11.2011 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
12.2011 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
01.2012 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
02.2012 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
03.2012 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
04.2012 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
05.2012 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
06.2012 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
07.2012 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
08.2012 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
09.2012 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
10.2012 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
11.2012 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
12.2012 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
01.2013 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
02.2013 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
03.2013 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
04.2013 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
05.2013 
0 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0 
100.00% 
06.2013 
538,736 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
538,736 
100.00% 
07.2013 
2,198,221 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
2,198,221 
100.00% 
08.2013 
2,687,843 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
2,687,843 
100.00% 
09.2013 
3,778,770 
16,146.71 
0.43% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.43% 
3,762,623 
99.57% 
10.2013 
5,338,880 
15,919.51 
0.30% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.30% 
5,322,960 
99.70% 
11.2013 
6,209,450 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
6,209,450 
100.00% 
12.2013 
6,983,959 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
6,983,959 
100.00% 
01.2014 
7,772,280 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
7,772,280 
100.00% 
02.2014 
8,670,335 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.00% 
8,670,335 
100.00% 
03.2014 
10,168,211 
0 
0.00% 
22,189 
0.22% 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
0.22% 
10,146,022 
99.78% 
04.2014 
12,712,973 
39,301.46 
0.31% 
0 
0.00% 
22,270 
0.18% 
0 
0.00% 
0.48% 
12,651,402 
99.52% 
05.2014 
15,370,194 
76,943.04 
0.50% 
20,910 
0.14% 
0 
0.00% 
22,350 
0.15% 
0.78% 
15,249,990 
99.22% 
06.2014 
18,915,990 
116,667.06 
0.62% 
0 
0.00% 
20,700 
0.11% 
22,676 
0.12% 
0.85% 
18,755,947 
99.15% 
07.2014 
22,246,222 
125,385.79 
0.56% 
27,476 
0.12% 
0 
0.00% 
22,676 
0.10% 
0.79% 
22,070,685 
99.21% 
08.2014 
23,540,720 
57,772.60 
0.25% 
105,454 
0.45% 
13,543 
0.06% 
22,676 
0.10% 
0.85% 
23,341,275 
99.15% 
09.2014 
26,082,354 
58,388.19 
0.22% 
17,939 
0.07% 
13,231 
0.05% 
36,565 
0.14% 
0.48% 
25,956,230 
99.52% 
10.2014 
29,263,947 
110,830.35 
0.38% 
18,699 
0.06% 
35,731 
0.12% 
49,928 
0.17% 
0.74% 
29,048,758 
99.26% 
11.2014 
37,273,254 
0 
0.00% 
18,746 
0.05% 
18,468 
0.05% 
84,943 
0.23% 
0.33% 
37,151,096 
99.67% 
12.2014 
47,969,738 
98,823.80 
0.21% 
0 
0.00% 
18,817 
0.04% 
104,799 
0.22% 
0.46% 
47,747,298 
99.54% 
01.2015 
59,221,972 
206,900 
0.35% 
32,615 
0.06% 
0 
0.00% 
124,713 
0.21% 
0.62% 
58,857,744 
99.38% 
02.2015 
74,267,627 
758,430 
1.02% 
105,833 
0.14% 
12,935 
0.02% 
124,448 
0.17% 
1.35% 
73,265,981 
98.65% 
03.2015 
89,471,781 
243,872 
0.27% 
54,684 
0.06% 
19,938 
0.02% 
100,180 
0.11% 
0.47% 
89,053,105 
99.53% 
04.2015 
100,937,214 
529,029 
0.52% 
38,659 
0.04% 
0 
0.00% 
120,023 
0.12% 
0.68% 
100,249,504 
99.32% 
05.2015 
108,983,266 
265,395 
0.24% 
125,686 
0.12% 
14,067 
0.01% 
118,708 
0.11% 
0.48% 
108,459,409 
99.52% 
06.2015 
114,832,202 
303,427 
0.26% 
129,387 
0.11% 
46,301 
0.04% 
99,900 
0.09% 
0.50% 
114,253,186 
99.50% 
07.2015 
119,061,328 
265,154 
0.22% 
71,521 
0.06% 
81,562 
0.07% 
146,217 
0.12% 
0.47% 
118,496,874 
99.53% 
08.2015 
120,244,400 
317,875 
0.26% 
151,676 
0.13% 
51,573 
0.04% 
226,763 
0.19% 
0.62% 
119,496,513 
99.38% 
09.2015 
123,690,379 
177,608 
0.14% 
102,852 
0.08% 
118,427 
0.10% 
277,652 
0.22% 
0.55% 
123,013,839 
99.45% 
10.2015 
127,184,608 
159,748 
0.13% 
91,847 
0.07% 
115,909 
0.09% 
289,167 
0.23% 
0.52% 
126,527,937 
99.48% 
11.2015 
133,605,401 
283,087 
0.21% 
95,145 
0.07% 
78,706 
0.06% 
365,363 
0.27% 
0.62% 
132,783,101 
99.38% 
12.2015 
138,436,735 
232,735 
0.17% 
161,636 
0.12% 
75,934 
0.05% 
442,372 
0.32% 
0.66% 
137,524,057 
99.34% 
01.2016 
142,582,179 
215,678 
0.15% 
75,010 
0.05% 
103,130 
0.07% 
517,150 
0.36% 
0.64% 
141,671,212 
99.36% 
02.2016 
150,362,933 
322,444 
0.21% 
72,611 
0.05% 
49,426 
0.03% 
606,519 
0.40% 
0.70% 
149,311,933 
99.30% 
03.2016 
160,648,735 
310,188 
0.19% 
124,453 
0.08% 
63,665 
0.04% 
636,223 
0.40% 
0.71% 
159,514,206 
99.29% 
04.2016 
171,035,887 
422,157 
0.25% 
70,676 
0.04% 
89,174 
0.05% 
480,762 
0.28% 
0.62% 
169,973,119 
99.38% 
05.2016 
181,291,870 
459,415 
0.25% 
80,994 
0.04% 
58,679 
0.03% 
542,827 
0.30% 
0.63% 
180,149,956 
99.37% 
06.2016 
189,531,380 
534,275 
0.28% 
131,141 
0.07% 
80,031 
0.04% 
539,927 
0.28% 
0.68% 
188,246,006 
99.32% 
07.2016 
195,912,906 
554,080 
0.28% 
139,525 
0.07% 
73,430 
0.04% 
576,173 
0.29% 
0.69% 
194,569,699 
99.31% 
08.2016 
198,823,974 
580,983 
0.29% 
318,712 
0.16% 
85,622 
0.04% 
583,250 
0.29% 
0.79% 
197,255,407 
99.21% 
09.2016 
207,007,150 
536,116 
0.26% 
166,858 
0.08% 
155,829 
0.08% 
615,229 
0.30% 
0.71% 
205,533,119 
99.29% 
10.2016 
215,339,780 
497,403 
0.23% 
249,287 
0.12% 
128,177 
0.06% 
493,138 
0.23% 
0.64% 
213,971,775 
99.36% 
11.2016 
226,832,421 
609,918 
0.27% 
146,234 
0.06% 
206,794 
0.09% 
535,715 
0.24% 
0.66% 
225,333,760 
99.34% 
12.2016 
238,535,728 
393,083 
0.16% 
227,760 
0.10% 
108,323 
0.05% 
643,354 
0.27% 
0.58% 
237,163,208 
99.42% 
01.2017 
251,452,498 
599,410 
0.24% 
199,124 
0.08% 
172,830 
0.07% 
702,728 
0.28% 
0.67% 
249,778,406 
99.33% 
02.2017 
267,651,799 
894,487 
0.33% 
175,540 
0.07% 
121,902 
0.05% 
753,345 
0.28% 
0.73% 
265,706,526 
99.27% 
03.2017 
284,710,025 
665,398 
0.23% 
346,522 
0.12% 
100,746 
0.04% 
754,405 
0.26% 
0.66% 
282,842,955 
99.34% 
04.2017 
296,536,055 
1,032,287 
0.35% 
323,309 
0.11% 
245,288 
0.08% 
599,620 
0.20% 
0.74% 
294,335,551 
99.26% 
05.2017 
314,333,485 
962,920 
0.31% 
442,609 
0.14% 
200,836 
0.06% 
754,434 
0.24% 
0.75% 
311,972,685 
99.25% 
06.2017 
341,477,705 
901,395 
0.26% 
309,503 
0.09% 
281,186 
0.08% 
887,608 
0.26% 
0.70% 
339,098,013 
99.30% 
07.2017 
357,918,619 
1,016,781 
0.28% 
280,692 
0.08% 
203,842 
0.06% 
1,043,202 
0.29% 
0.71% 
355,374,104 
99.29% 
08.2017 
370,306,544 
961,260 
0.26% 
562,129 
0.15% 
180,823 
0.05% 
1,160,171 
0.31% 
0.77% 
367,442,161 
99.23% 
09.2017 
418,377,501 
811,884 
0.19% 
302,881 
0.07% 
356,952 
0.09% 
1,205,359 
0.29% 
0.64% 
415,700,425 
99.36% 
10.2017 
457,360,911 
822,700 
0.18% 
319,110 
0.07% 
162,960 
0.04% 
1,254,096 
0.27% 
0.56% 
454,802,044 
99.44% 
11.2017 
497,051,412 
1,183,828 
0.24% 
262,135 
0.05% 
183,664 
0.04% 
1,253,433 
0.25% 
0.58% 
494,168,352 
99.42% 
12.2017 
531,926,335 
1,308,537 
0.25% 
408,838 
0.08% 
248,334 
0.05% 
1,360,152 
0.26% 
0.63% 
528,600,474 
99.37% 
01.2018 
571,111,820 
1,273,163 
0.22% 
504,483 
0.09% 
227,474 
0.04% 
1,410,606 
0.25% 
0.60% 
567,696,093 
99.40% 
02.2018 
622,583,244 
1,477,426 
0.24% 
447,634 
0.07% 
268,228 
0.04% 
1,450,609 
0.23% 
0.59% 
618,939,346 
99.41% 
03.2018 
693,051,404 
1,144,444 
0.17% 
442,784 
0.06% 
320,628 
0.05% 
1,625,467 
0.23% 
0.51% 
689,518,081 
99.49% 
04.2018 
749,439,456 
1,530,168 
0.20% 
518,792 
0.07% 
273,648 
0.04% 
1,462,621 
0.20% 
0.51% 
745,654,228 
99.49% 
05.2018 
822,927,825 
1,496,873 
0.18% 
487,104 
0.06% 
357,915 
0.04% 
1,585,293 
0.19% 
0.48% 
819,000,639 
99.52% 
06.2018 
890,723,773 
1,364,405 
0.15% 
596,284 
0.07% 
378,683 
0.04% 
1,806,834 
0.20% 
0.47% 
886,577,568 
99.53% 
07.2018 
953,821,833 
1,376,048 
0.14% 
576,170 
0.06% 
529,591 
0.06% 
1,901,622 
0.20% 
0.46% 
949,438,402 
99.54% 
08.2018 
979,665,315 
1,530,474 
0.16% 
876,489 
0.09% 
376,852 
0.04% 
2,243,353 
0.23% 
0.51% 
974,638,147 
99.49% 
09.2018 
1,023,460,861 
1,935,388 
0.19% 
662,471 
0.06% 
674,254 
0.07% 
2,415,055 
0.24% 
0.56% 
1,017,773,693 
99.44% 
10.2018 
1,096,124,727 
1,687,443 
0.15% 
867,378 
0.08% 
573,047 
0.05% 
2,334,127 
0.21% 
0.50% 
1,090,662,732 
99.50% 
11.2018 
1,170,576,304 
1,782,782 
0.15% 
732,967 
0.06% 
712,916 
0.06% 
2,719,846 
0.23% 
0.51% 
1,164,627,793 
99.49% 
12.2018 
1,232,487,686 
1,434,427 
0.12% 
915,112 
0.07% 
509,599 
0.04% 
3,279,382 
0.27% 
0.50% 
1,226,349,166 
99.50% 
01.2019 
1,318,914,297 
2,156,695 
0.16% 
763,627 
0.06% 
632,192 
0.05% 
3,596,931 
0.27% 
0.54% 
1,311,764,852 
99.46% 
02.2019 
1,402,528,767 
2,456,616 
0.18% 
818,025 
0.06% 
587,769 
0.04% 
3,853,543 
0.27% 
0.55% 
1,394,812,814 
99.45% 
03.2019 
1,501,928,497 
2,751,936 
0.18% 
995,253 
0.07% 
676,929 
0.05% 
4,226,219 
0.28% 
0.58% 
1,493,278,161 
99.42% 
04.2019 
1,589,153,486 
3,607,914 
0.23% 
1,165,951 
0.07% 
841,002 
0.05% 
3,441,244 
0.22% 
0.57% 
1,580,097,374 
99.43% 
05.2019 
1,697,038,911 
3,440,280 
0.20% 
1,675,968 
0.10% 
1,098,499 
0.06% 
3,942,733 
0.23% 
0.60% 
1,686,881,431 
99.40% 
06.2019 
1,786,520,877 
3,607,503 
0.20% 
1,378,571 
0.08% 
1,118,373 
0.06% 
4,746,178 
0.27% 
0.61% 
1,775,670,253 
99.39% 
07.2019 
1,880,351,521 
3,953,932 
0.21% 
1,374,207 
0.07% 
884,017 
0.05% 
5,363,214 
0.29% 
0.62% 
1,868,776,151 
99.38% 
08.2019 
1,910,438,530 
2,933,282 
0.15% 
2,162,273 
0.11% 
1,008,677 
0.05% 
5,847,658 
0.31% 
0.63% 
1,898,486,640 
99.37% 
09.2019 
1,999,004,905 
4,016,453 
0.20% 
1,235,070 
0.06% 
1,510,766 
0.08% 
6,503,245 
0.33% 
0.66% 
1,985,739,371 
99.34% 
10.2019 
2,110,597,273 
3,550,499 
0.17% 
2,083,460 
0.10% 
1,159,741 
0.05% 
6,583,973 
0.31% 
0.63% 
2,097,219,601 
99.37% 
11.2019 
2,193,438,237 
4,191,823 
0.19% 
1,893,362 
0.09% 
1,473,302 
0.07% 
7,369,320 
0.34% 
0.68% 
2,178,510,430 
99.32% 
12.2019 
2,260,423,975 
2,714,548 
0.12% 
1,997,324 
0.09% 
1,808,858 
0.08% 
8,142,227 
0.36% 
0.65% 
2,245,761,018 
99.35% 
01.2020 
2,331,207,843 
4,230,607 
0.18% 
1,463,195 
0.06% 
1,612,477 
0.07% 
9,344,126 
0.40% 
0.71% 
2,314,557,437 
99.29% 
02.2020 
2,407,694,196 
5,525,938 
0.23% 
2,269,147 
0.09% 
961,446 
0.04% 
10,091,051 
0.42% 
0.78% 
2,388,846,615 
99.22% 
03.2020 
2,389,432,958 
6,160,190 
0.26% 
3,409,066 
0.14% 
1,548,178 
0.06% 
9,118,770 
0.38% 
0.85% 
2,369,196,753 
99.15% 
04.2020 
2,358,377,836 
6,519,680 
0.28% 
3,464,511 
0.15% 
2,806,599 
0.12% 
10,210,780 
0.43% 
0.98% 
2,335,376,265 
99.02% 
05.2020 
2,408,416,063 
4,961,264 
0.21% 
3,763,106 
0.16% 
2,884,497 
0.12% 
12,344,604 
0.51% 
0.99% 
2,384,462,591 
99.01% 
06.2020 
2,484,432,097 
7,185,757 
0.29% 
2,588,532 
0.10% 
2,758,227 
0.11% 
12,859,246 
0.52% 
1.02% 
2,459,040,334 
98.98% 
07.2020 
2,567,096,770 
4,731,379 
0.18% 
2,724,718 
0.11% 
1,979,051 
0.08% 
14,259,865 
0.56% 
0.92% 
2,543,401,757 
99.08% 
08.2020 
2,607,178,114 
5,582,611 
0.21% 
2,731,394 
0.10% 
1,795,883 
0.07% 
15,300,470 
0.59% 
0.97% 
2,581,767,756 
99.03% 
09.2020 
2,659,830,965 
7,695,345 
0.29% 
2,381,534 
0.09% 
1,604,471 
0.06% 
15,534,999 
0.58% 
1.02% 
2,632,614,615 
98.98% 
10.2020 
2,742,477,584 
5,662,171 
0.21% 
3,154,951 
0.12% 
2,004,381 
0.07% 
14,119,029 
0.51% 
0.91% 
2,717,537,052 
99.09% 
11.2020 
2,820,610,901 
7,936,902 
0.28% 
1,902,321 
0.07% 
1,836,972 
0.07% 
14,809,058 
0.53% 
0.94% 
2,794,125,647 
99.06% 
12.2020 
2,934,822,705 
4,954,477 
0.17% 
2,673,011 
0.09% 
1,512,850 
0.05% 
15,411,635 
0.53% 
0.84% 
2,910,270,732 
99.16% 
01.2021 
3,101,882,643 
16,096,342 
0.52% 
7,758,169 
0.25% 
1,845,583 
0.06% 
15,929,013 
0.51% 
1.34% 
3,060,253,536 
98.66% 
02.2021 
3,191,944,684 
23,414,519 
0.73% 
4,102,586 
0.13% 
3,947,261 
0.12% 
16,339,677 
0.51% 
1.50% 
3,144,140,640 
98.50% 
03.2021 
3,277,749,617 
19,515,026 
0.60% 
5,035,859 
0.15% 
1,696,726 
0.05% 
15,510,135 
0.47% 
1.27% 
3,235,991,871 
98.73% 
04.2021 
3,342,627,897 
18,938,857 
0.57% 
4,464,504 
0.13% 
2,338,824 
0.07% 
15,947,486 
0.48% 
1.25% 
3,300,938,226 
98.75% 
05.2021 
3,409,645,942 
21,099,466 
0.62% 
5,220,349 
0.15% 
1,959,032 
0.06% 
16,472,559 
0.48% 
1.31% 
3,364,894,536 
98.69% 
06.2021 
3,486,185,988 
25,420,034 
0.73% 
5,582,121 
0.16% 
2,428,997 
0.07% 
15,393,201 
0.44% 
1.40% 
3,437,361,635 
98.60% 
07.2021 
3,545,577,980 
20,947,242 
0.59% 
6,187,765 
0.17% 
2,908,795 
0.08% 
15,947,749 
0.45% 
1.30% 
3,499,586,428 
98.70% 
08.2021 
3,582,018,565 
19,869,813 
0.55% 
6,053,306 
0.17% 
3,291,589 
0.09% 
17,205,377 
0.48% 
1.30% 
3,535,598,480 
98.70% 
09.2021 
3,638,526,457 
24,532,375 
0.67% 
4,161,863 
0.11% 
2,854,335 
0.08% 
18,220,704 
0.50% 
1.37% 
3,588,757,179 
98.63% 
10.2021 
3,530,219,100 
24,160,597 
0.68% 
6,271,567 
0.18% 
2,299,618 
0.07% 
15,926,558 
0.45% 
1.38% 
3,481,560,761 
98.62% 
11.2021 
3,555,319,872 
26,577,538 
0.75% 
5,462,886 
0.15% 
2,794,225 
0.08% 
16,020,609 
0.45% 
1.43% 
3,504,464,614 
98.57% 
12.2021 
3,729,548,654 
20,861,234 
0.56% 
7,254,232 
0.19% 
3,439,606 
0.09% 
17,618,838 
0.47% 
1.32% 
3,680,374,745 
98.68% 
01.2022 
3,548,508,668 
24,258,311 
0.68% 
5,716,213 
0.16% 
2,406,577 
0.07% 
17,030,090 
0.48% 
1.39% 
3,499,097,477 
98.61% 
02.2022 
3,556,664,481 
31,341,467 
0.88% 
5,612,845 
0.16% 
2,368,498 
0.07% 
17,742,124 
0.50% 
1.60% 
3,499,599,547 
98.40% 
03.2022 
3,582,679,320 
25,366,374 
0.71% 
6,002,099 
0.17% 
2,760,286 
0.08% 
15,067,145 
0.42% 
1.37% 
3,533,483,415 
98.63%

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
Dynamic Delinquency Rate 
AUTOCREDIT LOANS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Year/Month 
Principal Outstanding 
Delinquent 
1-30 dpd (€) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
31-60 dpd (€) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
61-90 dpd (€) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
91+ dpd (€) 
91 + 
dpd (%) 
Total 
Outstanding 
Current (€) 
Current (%) 
04.2022 
3,599,204,856 
30,874,466 
0.86% 
5,722,029 
0.16% 
2,909,190 
0.08% 
15,944,240 
0.44% 
1.54% 
3,543,754,931 
98.46% 
05.2022 
3,646,797,179 
30,870,091 
0.85% 
7,029,078 
0.19% 
2,537,422 
0.07% 
16,814,789 
0.46% 
1.57% 
3,589,545,799 
98.43% 
06.2022 
3,693,437,026 
33,506,277 
0.91% 
7,524,680 
0.20% 
2,876,417 
0.08% 
15,916,160 
0.43% 
1.62% 
3,633,613,492 
98.38% 
07.2022 
3,712,105,249 
27,823,958 
0.75% 
8,751,509 
0.24% 
2,943,409 
0.08% 
16,680,257 
0.45% 
1.51% 
3,655,906,116 
98.49% 
08.2022 
3,714,959,218 
25,206,897 
0.68% 
10,385,551 
0.28% 
3,836,085 
0.10% 
17,366,798 
0.47% 
1.53% 
3,658,163,887 
98.47% 
09.2022 
3,746,303,992 
32,195,492 
0.86% 
6,890,141 
0.18% 
4,742,794 
0.13% 
18,182,676 
0.49% 
1.66% 
3,684,292,889 
98.34% 
10.2022 
3,733,019,082 
31,615,621 
0.85% 
6,934,693 
0.19% 
3,391,161 
0.09% 
16,337,379 
0.44% 
1.56% 
3,674,740,228 
98.44% 
11.2022 
3,737,066,302 
27,318,343 
0.73% 
7,782,384 
0.21% 
3,003,051 
0.08% 
16,686,661 
0.45% 
1.47% 
3,682,275,864 
98.53% 
12.2022 
3,729,502,769 
20,861,234 
0.56% 
7,254,232 
0.19% 
3,439,606 
0.09% 
17,618,838 
0.47% 
1.32% 
3,680,328,860 
98.68% 
01.2023 
3,748,986,860 
22,958,241 
0.61% 
5,357,052 
0.14% 
2,535,164 
0.07% 
17,817,630 
0.48% 
1.30% 
3,700,318,773 
98.70% 
02.2023 
3,784,220,915 
28,803,713 
0.76% 
5,227,626 
0.14% 
2,152,348 
0.06% 
18,050,468 
0.48% 
1.43% 
3,729,986,760 
98.57% 
03.2023 
3,862,997,910 
18,708,960 
0.48% 
5,427,260 
0.14% 
2,222,933 
0.06% 
15,128,434 
0.39% 
1.07% 
3,821,510,323 
98.93% 
04.2023 
3,915,374,119 
25,471,800 
0.65% 
4,258,884 
0.11% 
2,149,939 
0.05% 
15,795,771 
0.40% 
1.22% 
3,867,697,724 
98.78% 
05.2023 
3,961,789,484 
27,482,150 
0.69% 
4,567,714 
0.12% 
1,817,895 
0.05% 
15,680,377 
0.40% 
1.25% 
3,912,241,348 
98.75% 
06.2023 
4,002,530,784 
25,345,398 
0.63% 
4,170,551 
0.10% 
1,659,617 
0.04% 
14,777,851 
0.37% 
1.15% 
3,956,577,367 
98.85% 
07.2023 
4,028,102,194 
27,522,506 
0.68% 
5,122,391 
0.13% 
1,818,226 
0.05% 
14,781,490 
0.37% 
1.22% 
3,978,857,581 
98.78% 
08.2023 
4,031,727,383 
24,778,371 
0.61% 
7,541,267 
0.19% 
2,335,013 
0.06% 
15,209,720 
0.38% 
1.24% 
3,981,863,012 
98.76% 
09.2023 
4,085,285,262 
27,561,746 
0.67% 
4,398,618 
0.11% 
2,735,481 
0.07% 
15,767,837 
0.39% 
1.24% 
4,034,821,579 
98.76% 
10.2023 
4,125,798,563 
29,233,758 
0.71% 
5,523,455 
0.13% 
2,158,743 
0.05% 
13,728,867 
0.33% 
1.23% 
4,075,153,740 
98.77% 
11.2023 
4,166,203,008 
31,463,659 
0.76% 
5,471,019 
0.13% 
2,854,728 
0.07% 
14,144,195 
0.34% 
1.29% 
4,112,269,406 
98.71% 
12.2023 
4,233,627,108 
30,470,175 
0.72% 
6,958,016 
0.16% 
2,889,503 
0.07% 
15,194,359 
0.36% 
1.31% 
4,178,115,054 
98.69% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0.54% 
Average 
99.46%

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
CLASSIC CREDIT 
Dynamic Delinquency Rate 
CLASSIC CREDIT LOANS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Year/Month 
Principal Outstanding 
Delinquent 
1-30 dpd (€) 
1-30
dpd (%)
Delinquent 
31-60 dpd (€) 
31-60
dpd (%)
Delinquent 
61-90 dpd (€) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
91+ dpd (€) 
91 + 
dpd (%) 
Total 
Outstanding 
Current (€) 
Current (%) 
12.2007 
1,253,971,790 
17,460,717 
1.39%
6,494,247 
0.52%
2,431,850 
0.19% 
7,033,195 
0.56% 
2.67% 
1,220,551,781 
97.33% 
01.2008 
1,242,853,842 
15,307,314 
1.23%
4,137,502 
0.33%
2,441,414 
0.20% 
6,953,743 
0.56% 
2.32% 
1,214,013,869 
97.68% 
02.2008 
1,248,986,843 
10,383,635 
0.83%
4,905,274 
0.39%
1,086,497 
0.09% 
7,178,263 
0.57% 
1.89% 
1,225,433,174 
98.11% 
03.2008 
1,251,257,979 
12,473,143 
1.00%
5,889,293 
0.47%
1,580,917 
0.13% 
6,913,863 
0.55% 
2.15% 
1,224,400,763 
97.85% 
04.2008 
1,245,210,681 
19,311,231 
1.55%
3,896,792 
0.31%
2,302,346 
0.18% 
7,191,680 
0.58% 
2.63% 
1,212,508,633 
97.37% 
05.2008 
1,242,905,872 
9,777,772 
0.79%
5,734,135 
0.46%
2,122,196 
0.17% 
7,685,350 
0.62% 
2.04% 
1,217,586,419 
97.96% 
06.2008 
1,233,898,832 
13,961,331 
1.13%
3,759,868 
0.30%
2,114,930 
0.17% 
6,982,779 
0.57% 
2.17% 
1,207,079,923 
97.83% 
07.2008 
1,229,208,931 
15,867,111 
1.29%
5,816,455 
0.47%
2,138,390 
0.17% 
7,043,341 
0.57% 
2.51% 
1,198,343,633 
97.49% 
08.2008 
1,190,336,091 
11,628,040 
0.98%
6,374,762 
0.54%
2,513,170 
0.21% 
7,402,267 
0.62% 
2.35% 
1,162,417,852 
97.65% 
09.2008 
1,178,708,477 
15,658,582 
1.33%
4,033,055 
0.34%
2,475,375 
0.21% 
7,622,331 
0.65% 
2.53% 
1,148,919,134 
97.47% 
10.2008 
1,165,565,465 
10,741,735 
0.92%
6,398,016 
0.55%
2,104,991 
0.18% 
7,884,481 
0.68% 
2.33% 
1,138,436,242 
97.67% 
11.2008 
1,141,524,456 
14,330,598 
1.26%
5,006,379 
0.44%
2,494,516 
0.22% 
7,564,157 
0.66% 
2.58% 
1,112,128,806 
97.42% 
12.2008 
1,127,640,481 
18,072,733 
1.60%
6,359,929 
0.56%
3,362,394 
0.30% 
8,164,823 
0.72% 
3.19% 
1,091,680,602 
96.81% 
01.2009 
1,095,398,773 
12,649,831 
1.15%
5,949,441 
0.54%
2,898,034 
0.26% 
9,059,357 
0.83% 
2.79% 
1,064,842,110 
97.21% 
02.2009 
1,075,117,645 
14,064,200 
1.31%
6,100,548 
0.57%
2,191,014 
0.20% 
9,166,571 
0.85% 
2.93% 
1,043,595,312 
97.07% 
03.2009 
1,067,792,250 
29,480,555 
2.76%
7,835,758 
0.73%
2,455,063 
0.23% 
9,291,636 
0.87% 
4.59% 
1,018,729,237 
95.41% 
04.2009 
1,049,234,859 
17,219,716 
1.64%
4,503,283 
0.43%
3,594,168 
0.34% 
9,762,415 
0.93% 
3.34% 
1,014,155,277 
96.66% 
05.2009 
1,026,463,820 
10,414,862 
1.01%
5,975,729 
0.58%
2,498,042 
0.24% 
10,996,473 
1.07% 
2.91% 
996,578,715 
97.09% 
06.2009 
1,001,339,691 
13,597,449 
1.36%
4,191,782 
0.42%
2,489,802 
0.25% 
9,725,853 
0.97% 
3.00% 
971,334,806 
97.00% 
07.2009 
976,177,984 
6,958,950 
0.71%
3,208,338 
0.33%
2,358,148 
0.24% 
9,708,603 
0.99% 
2.28% 
953,943,946 
97.72% 
08.2009 
936,651,434 
9,462,965 
1.01%
3,135,942 
0.33%
1,674,732 
0.18% 
10,082,660 
1.08% 
2.60% 
912,295,136 
97.40% 
09.2009 
905,861,497 
11,285,563 
1.25%
2,633,827 
0.29%
1,765,447 
0.19% 
9,976,185 
1.10% 
2.83% 
880,200,475 
97.17% 
10.2009 
875,908,437 
7,677,315 
0.88%
2,537,160 
0.29%
1,733,402 
0.20% 
10,044,183 
1.15% 
2.51% 
853,916,377 
97.49% 
11.2009 
845,508,349 
9,090,145 
1.08%
2,024,050 
0.24%
1,448,638 
0.17% 
8,973,206 
1.06% 
2.55% 
823,972,311 
97.45% 
12.2009 
819,849,406 
10,433,978 
1.27%
2,467,203 
0.30%
1,642,294 
0.20% 
9,106,128 
1.11% 
2.88% 
796,199,803 
97.12% 
01.2010 
789,742,903 
7,481,764 
0.95%
2,754,227 
0.35%
1,632,788 
0.21% 
9,381,783 
1.19% 
2.69% 
768,492,341 
97.31% 
02.2010 
764,335,415 
9,606,627 
1.26%
2,350,569 
0.31%
1,310,487 
0.17% 
9,431,447 
1.23% 
2.97% 
741,636,285 
97.03% 
03.2010 
742,540,897 
7,426,913 
1.00%
2,894,254 
0.39%
1,330,259 
0.18% 
9,522,993 
1.28% 
2.85% 
721,366,478 
97.15% 
04.2010 
718,157,876 
6,112,526 
0.85%
1,827,852 
0.25%
1,492,690 
0.21% 
9,725,919 
1.35% 
2.67% 
698,998,889 
97.33% 
05.2010 
698,643,745 
6,264,781 
0.90%
2,089,162 
0.30%
1,215,846 
0.17% 
9,987,460 
1.43% 
2.80% 
679,086,496 
97.20% 
06.2010 
683,904,553 
8,678,795 
1.27%
1,800,825 
0.26%
1,210,103 
0.18% 
8,806,760 
1.29% 
3.00% 
663,408,070 
97.00% 
07.2010 
670,595,814 
5,939,974 
0.89%
1,804,506 
0.27%
1,252,312 
0.19% 
8,528,216 
1.27% 
2.61% 
653,070,807 
97.39% 
08.2010 
648,116,476 
6,843,991 
1.06%
2,259,514 
0.35%
1,034,717 
0.16% 
8,713,759 
1.34% 
2.91% 
629,264,496 
97.09% 
09.2010 
639,371,999 
8,438,331 
1.32%
1,754,180 
0.27%
1,279,797 
0.20% 
8,717,397 
1.36% 
3.16% 
619,182,293 
96.84% 
10.2010 
632,188,791 
4,862,377 
0.77%
1,967,891 
0.31%
1,050,549 
0.17% 
8,805,120 
1.39% 
2.64% 
615,502,854 
97.36% 
11.2010 
628,089,857 
7,220,909 
1.15%
1,319,101 
0.21%
1,013,009 
0.16% 
8,919,751 
1.42% 
2.94% 
609,617,086 
97.06% 
12.2010 
627,148,519 
4,291,351 
0.68%
2,118,011 
0.34%
1,120,562 
0.18% 
7,877,474 
1.26% 
2.46% 
611,741,121 
97.54% 
01.2011 
617,146,340 
5,174,052 
0.84%
1,732,816 
0.28%
1,075,694 
0.17% 
7,893,227 
1.28% 
2.57% 
601,270,551 
97.43% 
02.2011 
612,732,684 
7,588,646 
1.24%
1,700,713 
0.28%
854,395 
0.14% 
7,802,447 
1.27% 
2.93% 
594,786,483 
97.07% 
03.2011 
613,844,400 
6,628,361 
1.08%
3,098,044 
0.50%
1,064,073 
0.17% 
7,705,227 
1.26% 
3.01% 
595,348,695 
96.99% 
04.2011 
610,724,543 
8,930,859 
1.46%
1,578,867 
0.26%
1,366,100 
0.22% 
7,892,629 
1.29% 
3.24% 
590,956,089 
96.76% 
05.2011 
614,817,986 
5,263,500 
0.86%
1,868,712 
0.30%
1,045,533 
0.17% 
8,109,602 
1.32% 
2.65% 
598,530,639 
97.35% 
06.2011 
625,220,525 
6,403,774 
1.02%
1,573,641 
0.25%
1,155,208 
0.18% 
8,354,820 
1.34% 
2.80% 
607,733,082 
97.20% 
07.2011 
633,550,296 
4,216,462 
0.67%
1,998,438 
0.32%
1,028,889 
0.16% 
7,515,825 
1.19% 
2.33% 
618,790,683 
97.67% 
08.2011 
629,110,280 
5,157,288 
0.82%
2,052,512 
0.33%
1,049,118 
0.17% 
7,462,646 
1.19% 
2.50% 
613,388,716 
97.50% 
09.2011 
645,884,231 
4,774,576 
0.74%
1,574,308 
0.24%
943,470 
0.15% 
7,360,119 
1.14% 
2.27% 
631,231,758 
97.73% 
10.2011 
664,454,770 
5,429,410 
0.82%
1,691,178 
0.25%
906,447 
0.14% 
7,281,197 
1.10% 
2.30% 
649,146,537 
97.70% 
11.2011 
689,881,997 
5,552,381 
0.80%
1,547,643 
0.22%
1,013,363 
0.15% 
6,304,559 
0.91% 
2.09% 
675,464,051 
97.91% 
12.2011 
720,121,927 
3,880,228 
0.54%
1,721,578 
0.24%
1,215,209 
0.17% 
6,744,002 
0.94% 
1.88% 
706,560,910 
98.12% 
01.2012 
736,798,647 
5,323,955 
0.72%
1,561,695 
0.21%
899,620 
0.12% 
7,084,081 
0.96% 
2.02% 
721,929,295 
97.98% 
02.2012 
766,171,028 
6,390,979 
0.83%
1,760,195 
0.23%
706,622 
0.09% 
7,192,927 
0.94% 
2.09% 
750,120,305 
97.91% 
03.2012 
803,935,593 
4,055,542 
0.50%
2,004,001 
0.25%
829,347 
0.10% 
7,288,775 
0.91% 
1.76% 
789,757,929 
98.24% 
04.2012 
837,073,167 
5,870,869 
0.70%
1,118,716 
0.13%
1,136,655 
0.14% 
7,380,690 
0.88% 
1.85% 
821,566,237 
98.15% 
05.2012 
873,137,770 
5,095,335 
0.58%
1,986,474 
0.23%
812,798 
0.09% 
7,608,420 
0.87% 
1.78% 
857,634,743 
98.22% 
06.2012 
900,220,747 
5,253,777 
0.58%
1,149,427 
0.13%
932,976 
0.10% 
7,681,656 
0.85% 
1.67% 
885,202,910 
98.33% 
07.2012 
927,388,335 
4,361,036 
0.47%
1,562,912 
0.17%
958,403 
0.10% 
6,800,958 
0.73% 
1.48% 
913,705,026 
98.52% 
08.2012 
938,404,981 
4,637,491 
0.49%
1,542,954 
0.16%
817,258 
0.09% 
6,898,618 
0.74% 
1.48% 
924,508,659 
98.52% 
09.2012 
968,784,413 
5,990,444 
0.62%
1,038,478 
0.11%
751,927 
0.08% 
6,903,425 
0.71% 
1.52% 
954,100,140 
98.48% 
10.2012 
1,015,209,674 
5,076,251 
0.50%
1,707,979 
0.17%
782,449 
0.08% 
6,906,462 
0.68% 
1.43% 
1,000,736,534 
98.57% 
11.2012 
1,047,103,636 
4,868,172 
0.46%
1,185,587 
0.11%
880,626 
0.08% 
7,011,278 
0.67% 
1.33% 
1,033,157,972 
98.67% 
12.2012 
1,075,820,761 
5,135,365 
0.48%
1,856,249 
0.17%
989,370 
0.09% 
6,941,017 
0.65% 
1.39% 
1,060,898,760 
98.61% 
01.2013 
1,099,226,171 
5,725,721 
0.52%
1,923,905 
0.18%
769,016 
0.07% 
7,292,969 
0.66% 
1.43% 
1,083,514,560 
98.57% 
02.2013 
1,130,543,724 
6,990,308 
0.62%
1,698,288 
0.15%
1,002,723 
0.09% 
7,385,853 
0.65% 
1.51% 
1,113,466,553 
98.49% 
03.2013 
1,153,847,391 
4,567,815 
0.40%
2,005,227 
0.17%
908,084 
0.08% 
7,622,373 
0.66% 
1.31% 
1,138,743,892 
98.69% 
04.2013 
1,179,233,165 
6,772,679 
0.57%
1,351,380 
0.11%
1,213,358 
0.10% 
7,753,667 
0.66% 
1.45% 
1,162,142,081 
98.55% 
05.2013 
1,207,540,906 
4,532,166 
0.38%
1,753,181 
0.15%
1,101,487 
0.09% 
8,121,857 
0.67% 
1.28% 
1,192,032,215 
98.72% 
06.2013 
1,223,599,050 
6,673,687 
0.55%
1,262,255 
0.10%
1,018,686 
0.08% 
7,108,185 
0.58% 
1.31% 
1,207,536,236 
98.69% 
07.2013 
1,242,387,952 
5,926,770 
0.48%
2,057,242 
0.17%
1,080,293 
0.09% 
7,382,558 
0.59% 
1.32% 
1,225,941,088 
98.68% 
08.2013 
1,232,426,333 
5,682,957 
0.46%
2,391,263 
0.19%
1,175,756 
0.10% 
7,860,517 
0.64% 
1.39% 
1,215,315,840 
98.61% 
09.2013 
1,245,960,649 
6,238,856 
0.50%
1,479,099 
0.12%
1,338,862 
0.11% 
8,172,690 
0.66% 
1.38% 
1,228,731,142 
98.62% 
10.2013 
1,268,719,460 
5,559,228 
0.44%
1,987,116 
0.16%
927,349 
0.07% 
8,578,385 
0.68% 
1.34% 
1,251,667,382 
98.66% 
11.2013 
1,285,119,796 
6,193,336 
0.48%
1,351,196 
0.11%
1,117,711 
0.09% 
7,635,247 
0.59% 
1.27% 
1,268,822,306 
98.73% 
12.2013 
1,311,809,207 
6,252,436 
0.48%
2,220,119 
0.17%
1,101,330 
0.08% 
8,233,198 
0.63% 
1.36% 
1,294,002,124 
98.64% 
01.2014 
1,334,208,357 
5,857,371 
0.44%
2,444,747 
0.18%
1,180,624 
0.09% 
8,415,674 
0.63% 
1.34% 
1,316,309,941 
98.66% 
02.2014 
1,362,253,340 
13,860,893 
1.02%
1,486,797 
0.11%
1,042,320 
0.08% 
8,641,949 
0.63% 
1.84% 
1,337,221,381 
98.16% 
03.2014 
1,390,752,487 
14,012,247 
1.01%
7,641,264 
0.55%
967,020 
0.07% 
8,941,048 
0.64% 
2.27% 
1,359,190,908 
97.73% 
04.2014 
1,412,037,103 
15,163,739 
1.07%
4,655,396 
0.33%
2,190,005 
0.16% 
7,676,793 
0.54% 
2.10% 
1,382,351,170 
97.90% 
05.2014 
1,435,737,911 
10,714,237 
0.75%
5,054,022 
0.35%
1,881,943 
0.13% 
8,729,364 
0.61% 
1.84% 
1,409,358,345 
98.16% 
06.2014 
1,456,346,150 
12,863,684 
0.88%
3,244,912 
0.22%
1,978,238 
0.14% 
9,193,914 
0.63% 
1.87% 
1,429,065,402 
98.13% 
07.2014 
1,484,445,808 
11,127,881 
0.75%
4,641,374 
0.31%
1,501,920 
0.10% 
8,906,846 
0.60% 
1.76% 
1,458,267,787 
98.24% 
08.2014 
1,475,146,281 
8,874,737 
0.60%
4,610,385 
0.31%
2,140,957 
0.15% 
9,284,902 
0.63% 
1.69% 
1,450,235,300 
98.31% 
09.2014 
1,491,905,104 
9,449,021 
0.63%
2,460,026 
0.16%
1,775,155 
0.12% 
9,814,477 
0.66% 
1.58% 
1,468,406,424 
98.42% 
10.2014 
1,521,372,075 
6,949,892 
0.46%
3,517,671 
0.23%
1,596,085 
0.10% 
10,143,403 
0.67% 
1.46% 
1,499,165,024 
98.54% 
11.2014 
1,531,943,514 
9,660,039 
0.63%
2,296,022 
0.15%
1,819,261 
0.12% 
9,473,941 
0.62% 
1.52% 
1,508,694,251 
98.48% 
12.2014 
1,556,777,047 
9,562,117 
0.61%
3,872,561 
0.25%
1,678,379 
0.11% 
10,128,846 
0.65% 
1.62% 
1,531,535,144 
98.38% 
01.2015 
1,579,034,300 
14,857,425 
0.94%
4,434,366 
0.28%
2,189,953 
0.14% 
10,651,759 
0.67% 
2.04% 
1,546,900,798 
97.96% 
02.2015 
1,589,343,982 
17,279,788 
1.09%
9,068,702 
0.57%
1,923,873 
0.12% 
10,800,820 
0.68% 
2.46% 
1,550,270,800 
97.54% 
03.2015 
1,609,377,777 
9,975,988 
0.62%
4,271,237 
0.27%
1,726,539 
0.11% 
9,724,891 
0.60% 
1.60% 
1,583,679,123 
98.40% 
04.2015 
1,627,296,720 
8,774,575 
0.54%
3,492,849 
0.21%
1,967,867 
0.12% 
10,273,272 
0.63% 
1.51% 
1,602,788,156 
98.49% 
05.2015 
1,639,985,985 
7,857,906 
0.48%
3,552,386 
0.22%
2,076,848 
0.13% 
10,884,651 
0.66% 
1.49% 
1,615,614,195 
98.51% 
06.2015 
1,661,225,549 
9,711,378 
0.58%
2,589,437 
0.16%
1,694,453 
0.10% 
10,380,898 
0.62% 
1.47% 
1,636,849,383 
98.53% 
07.2015 
1,683,532,250 
7,351,747 
0.44%
3,023,353 
0.18%
1,656,942 
0.10% 
10,744,082 
0.64% 
1.35% 
1,660,756,127 
98.65% 
08.2015 
1,664,429,544 
8,431,276 
0.51%
3,643,587 
0.22%
1,683,124 
0.10% 
11,302,287 
0.68% 
1.51% 
1,639,369,270 
98.49% 
09.2015 
1,674,029,802 
9,041,910 
0.54%
2,471,904 
0.15%
1,993,403 
0.12% 
11,698,532 
0.70% 
1.51% 
1,648,824,053 
98.49% 
10.2015 
1,686,840,005 
7,286,431 
0.43%
3,029,623 
0.18%
1,878,629 
0.11% 
9,602,841 
0.57% 
1.29% 
1,665,042,480 
98.71% 
11.2015 
1,707,851,499 
8,936,236 
0.52%
2,192,785 
0.13%
1,695,606 
0.10% 
10,335,330 
0.61% 
1.36% 
1,684,691,541 
98.64% 
12.2015 
1,732,710,272 
9,572,245 
0.55%
2,683,489 
0.15%
1,482,329 
0.09% 
11,342,676 
0.65% 
1.45% 
1,707,629,532 
98.55% 
01.2016 
1,737,175,858 
7,982,109 
0.46%
3,249,995 
0.19%
1,775,669 
0.10% 
11,864,686 
0.68% 
1.43% 
1,712,303,398 
98.57% 
02.2016 
1,747,854,482 
10,108,130 
0.58%
2,787,570 
0.16%
1,126,813 
0.06% 
12,262,339 
0.70% 
1.50% 
1,721,569,631 
98.50% 
03.2016 
1,779,701,489 
6,926,377 
0.39%
3,096,126 
0.17%
1,462,467 
0.08% 
13,549,702 
0.76% 
1.41% 
1,754,666,817 
98.59% 
04.2016 
1,794,170,786 
10,368,651 
0.58%
1,741,019 
0.10%
1,781,412 
0.10% 
10,349,691 
0.58% 
1.35% 
1,769,930,013 
98.65% 
05.2016 
1,815,284,632 
9,195,598 
0.51%
2,990,417 
0.16%
1,537,496 
0.08% 
11,037,951 
0.61% 
1.36% 
1,790,523,170 
98.64% 
06.2016 
1,831,508,500 
11,802,083 
0.64%
2,574,942 
0.14%
1,911,020 
0.10% 
11,530,941 
0.63% 
1.52% 
1,803,689,514 
98.48% 
07.2016 
1,842,226,526 
8,728,945 
0.47%
3,162,858 
0.17%
1,955,229 
0.11% 
12,392,916 
0.67% 
1.42% 
1,815,986,578 
98.58% 
08.2016 
1,822,714,353 
9,274,927 
0.51%
3,285,425 
0.18%
1,912,157 
0.10% 
13,223,230 
0.73% 
1.52% 
1,795,018,615 
98.48% 
09.2016 
1,845,638,101 
9,240,420 
0.50%
2,301,670 
0.12%
1,799,990 
0.10% 
13,612,511 
0.74% 
1.46% 
1,818,683,510 
98.54% 
10.2016 
1,865,868,553 
8,588,158 
0.46%
2,785,962 
0.15%
1,779,692 
0.10% 
10,919,030 
0.59% 
1.29% 
1,841,795,711 
98.71% 
11.2016 
1,898,803,823 
9,058,739 
0.48%
2,039,538 
0.11%
1,618,045 
0.09% 
11,292,466 
0.59% 
1.26% 
1,874,795,035 
98.74% 
12.2016 
1,941,065,191 
7,415,333 
0.38%
2,646,930 
0.14%
1,627,076 
0.08% 
11,664,626 
0.60% 
1.20% 
1,917,711,225 
98.80% 
01.2017 
1,951,815,147 
8,651,165 
0.44%
2,612,841 
0.13%
1,496,753 
0.08% 
12,040,203 
0.62% 
1.27% 
1,927,014,185 
98.73% 
02.2017 
1,968,738,443 
9,953,019 
0.51%
2,294,331 
0.12%
1,390,285 
0.07% 
12,304,801 
0.63% 
1.32% 
1,942,796,006 
98.68% 
03.2017 
1,999,971,913 
6,689,207 
0.33%
2,767,379 
0.14%
1,352,682 
0.07% 
12,712,781 
0.64% 
1.18% 
1,976,449,863 
98.82% 
04.2017 
2,000,055,802 
11,447,149 
0.57%
2,318,280 
0.12%
1,656,767 
0.08% 
10,614,996 
0.53% 
1.30% 
1,974,018,611 
98.70% 
05.2017 
2,007,566,578 
10,342,590 
0.52%
3,708,452 
0.18%
2,018,267 
0.10% 
11,318,052 
0.56% 
1.36% 
1,980,179,217 
98.64% 
06.2017 
2,034,005,701 
8,883,600 
0.44%
2,561,089 
0.13%
2,180,208 
0.11% 
11,936,582 
0.59% 
1.26% 
2,008,444,222 
98.74% 
07.2017 
2,030,557,642 
8,826,152 
0.43%
2,983,013 
0.15%
1,878,099 
0.09% 
12,848,365 
0.63% 
1.31% 
2,004,022,014 
98.69% 
08.2017 
2,007,405,797 
9,481,142 
0.47%
3,544,297 
0.18%
1,706,548 
0.09% 
13,616,322 
0.68% 
1.41% 
1,979,057,487 
98.59% 
09.2017 
2,012,810,605 
8,447,051 
0.42%
2,499,712 
0.12%
1,831,466 
0.09% 
14,125,074 
0.70% 
1.34% 
1,985,907,302 
98.66% 
10.2017 
2,012,183,719 
8,117,846 
0.40%
2,941,664 
0.15%
1,772,287 
0.09% 
11,700,316 
0.58% 
1.22% 
1,987,651,606 
98.78% 
11.2017 
2,013,612,620 
10,145,109 
0.50%
2,151,561 
0.11%
1,806,031 
0.09% 
12,284,288 
0.61% 
1.31% 
1,987,225,631 
98.69% 
12.2017 
2,013,174,300 
8,484,125 
0.42%
3,424,589 
0.17%
1,323,517 
0.07% 
13,060,038 
0.65% 
1.31% 
1,986,882,031 
98.69% 
01.2018 
2,023,675,309 
8,695,498 
0.43%
2,637,979 
0.13%
1,834,802 
0.09% 
13,132,358 
0.65% 
1.30% 
1,997,374,672 
98.70% 
02.2018 
2,029,457,172 
12,243,885 
0.60%
2,343,941 
0.12%
1,580,657 
0.08% 
13,602,729 
0.67% 
1.47% 
1,999,685,960 
98.53% 
03.2018 
2,050,089,279 
7,712,839 
0.38%
3,410,558 
0.17%
1,521,433 
0.07% 
14,250,579 
0.70% 
1.31% 
2,023,193,871 
98.69% 
04.2018 
2,055,379,397 
11,109,812 
0.54%
2,242,599 
0.11%
2,126,805 
0.10% 
11,677,650 
0.57% 
1.32% 
2,028,222,531 
98.68% 
05.2018 
2,076,796,636 
8,476,684 
0.41%
3,037,674 
0.15%
1,891,495 
0.09% 
12,500,470 
0.60% 
1.25% 
2,050,890,314 
98.75% 
06.2018 
2,090,956,790 
8,342,833 
0.40%
2,546,155 
0.12%
1,956,761 
0.09% 
13,177,908 
0.63% 
1.24% 
2,064,933,133 
98.76% 
07.2018 
2,091,571,834 
9,126,203 
0.44%
2,575,738 
0.12%
1,856,235 
0.09% 
13,668,052 
0.65% 
1.30% 
2,064,345,606 
98.70% 
08.2018 
2,057,427,620 
8,640,207 
0.42%
3,928,736 
0.19%
1,800,248 
0.09% 
14,317,672 
0.70% 
1.39% 
2,028,740,757 
98.61% 
09.2018 
2,036,237,751 
10,277,620 
0.50%
2,612,674 
0.13%
2,480,428 
0.12% 
14,851,761 
0.73% 
1.48% 
2,006,015,269 
98.52% 
10.2018 
2,025,727,857 
8,209,607 
0.41%
3,238,753 
0.16%
2,089,211 
0.10% 
13,416,983 
0.66% 
1.33% 
1,998,773,304 
98.67% 
11.2018 
2,019,158,877 
9,230,535 
0.46%
2,220,586 
0.11%
2,010,540 
0.10% 
14,162,278 
0.70% 
1.37% 
1,991,534,939 
98.63% 
12.2018 
2,002,706,932 
8,897,528 
0.44%
3,169,406 
0.16%
1,963,286 
0.10% 
14,925,215 
0.75% 
1.45% 
1,973,751,498 
98.55% 
01.2019 
1,994,005,549 
8,843,649 
0.44%
2,951,843 
0.15%
1,737,122 
0.09% 
15,270,812 
0.77% 
1.44% 
1,965,202,123 
98.56% 
02.2019 
1,980,423,907 
10,621,117 
0.54%
2,596,788 
0.13%
1,677,104 
0.08% 
15,249,759 
0.77% 
1.52% 
1,950,279,140 
98.48% 
03.2019 
1,981,089,625 
9,059,500 
0.46%
3,904,289 
0.20%
1,724,387 
0.09% 
15,855,619 
0.80% 
1.54% 
1,950,545,830 
98.46% 
04.2019 
1,968,591,870 
12,110,810 
0.62%
3,007,089 
0.15%
2,290,455 
0.12% 
13,490,104 
0.69% 
1.57% 
1,937,693,412 
98.43% 
05.2019 
1,969,372,748 
8,978,471 
0.46%
3,870,828 
0.20%
2,143,922 
0.11% 
14,385,470 
0.73% 
1.49% 
1,939,994,058 
98.51% 
06.2019 
1,957,393,241 
11,153,457 
0.57%
2,744,790 
0.14%
2,412,745 
0.12% 
15,114,680 
0.77% 
1.61% 
1,925,967,567 
98.39% 
07.2019 
1,950,846,230 
9,163,035 
0.47%
3,898,919 
0.20%
2,120,831 
0.11% 
16,067,055 
0.82% 
1.60% 
1,919,596,390 
98.40% 
08.2019 
1,910,011,839 
8,439,385 
0.44%
3,663,214 
0.19%
2,790,141 
0.15% 
16,810,393 
0.88% 
1.66% 
1,878,308,707 
98.34% 
09.2019 
1,896,431,410 
10,986,970 
0.58%
2,899,392 
0.15%
2,221,061 
0.12% 
18,131,765 
0.96% 
1.81% 
1,862,192,222 
98.19% 
10.2019 
1,890,056,414 
7,931,881 
0.42%
3,501,716 
0.19%
2,428,416 
0.13% 
17,070,717 
0.90% 
1.64% 
1,859,123,684 
98.36% 
11.2019 
1,877,269,346 
9,808,318 
0.52%
3,017,999 
0.16%
2,397,665 
0.13% 
18,154,403 
0.97% 
1.78% 
1,843,890,962 
98.22% 
12.2019 
1,861,730,677 
7,707,031 
0.41%
3,461,067 
0.19%
2,608,644 
0.14% 
18,850,970 
1.01% 
1.75% 
1,829,102,966 
98.25% 
01.2020 
1,849,131,523 
7,738,888 
0.42%
2,930,179 
0.16%
2,175,338 
0.12% 
19,924,002 
1.08% 
1.77% 
1,816,363,117 
98.23% 
02.2020 
1,842,985,886 
12,957,888 
0.70%
2,976,253 
0.16%
1,413,238 
0.08% 
20,634,562 
1.12% 
2.06% 
1,805,003,945 
97.94% 
03.2020 
1,796,399,994 
14,198,717 
0.79%
4,658,615 
0.26%
1,706,127 
0.09% 
17,680,432 
0.98% 
2.13% 
1,758,156,103 
97.87% 
04.2020 
1,729,279,985 
19,000,505 
1.10%
5,446,211 
0.31%
3,241,204 
0.19% 
18,272,751 
1.06% 
2.66% 
1,683,319,313 
97.34% 
05.2020 
1,708,613,612 
12,831,041 
0.75%
9,436,300 
0.55%
4,773,819 
0.28% 
20,210,815 
1.18% 
2.77% 
1,661,361,637 
97.23% 
06.2020 
1,698,178,800 
12,117,547 
0.71%
5,631,597 
0.33%
5,168,828 
0.30% 
20,579,567 
1.21% 
2.56% 
1,654,681,261 
97.44% 
07.2020 
1,687,095,539 
8,272,760 
0.49%
5,081,013 
0.30%
3,456,053 
0.20% 
21,605,650 
1.28% 
2.28% 
1,648,680,062 
97.72% 
08.2020 
1,653,351,061 
11,460,126 
0.69%
5,090,727 
0.31%
3,181,639 
0.19% 
21,888,526 
1.32% 
2.52% 
1,611,730,043 
97.48% 
09.2020 
1,598,955,747 
10,541,828 
0.66%
4,677,356 
0.29%
3,036,499 
0.19% 
22,157,062 
1.39% 
2.53% 
1,558,543,002 
97.47% 
10.2020 
1,584,414,114 
6,866,710 
0.43%
4,148,278 
0.26%
4,248,179 
0.27% 
21,944,286 
1.39% 
2.35% 
1,547,206,661 
97.65% 
11.2020 
1,574,209,011 
8,897,447 
0.57%
1,604,462 
0.10%
1,336,722 
0.08% 
19,548,001 
1.24% 
1.99% 
1,542,822,379 
98.01% 
12.2020 
1,587,491,990 
5,289,495 
0.33%
2,694,407 
0.17%
1,107,851 
0.07% 
18,884,569 
1.19% 
1.76% 
1,559,515,669 
98.24% 
01.2021 
1,597,768,821 
7,908,454 
0.49%
4,067,382 
0.25%
1,699,254 
0.11% 
18,625,923 
1.17% 
2.02% 
1,565,467,809 
97.98% 
02.2021 
1,593,918,267 
11,582,420 
0.73%
2,003,051 
0.13%
2,708,242 
0.17% 
18,459,339 
1.16% 
2.18% 
1,559,165,215 
97.82% 
03.2021 
1,591,628,092 
8,563,976 
0.54%
2,871,930 
0.18%
929,499 
0.06% 
15,710,249 
0.99% 
1.76% 
1,563,552,439 
98.24% 
04.2021 
1,580,994,697 
9,288,624 
0.59%
1,826,811 
0.12%
1,491,561 
0.09% 
15,414,110 
0.97% 
1.77% 
1,552,973,591 
98.23% 
05.2021 
1,576,496,823 
9,762,653 
0.62%
2,228,853 
0.14%
1,045,235 
0.07% 
15,409,886 
0.98% 
1.80% 
1,548,050,196 
98.20% 
06.2021 
1,575,221,314 
12,290,356 
0.78%
2,453,553 
0.16%
1,230,866 
0.08% 
13,021,496 
0.83% 
1.84% 
1,546,225,043 
98.16% 
07.2021 
1,562,541,519 
14,294,283 
0.91%
3,714,030 
0.24%
1,281,819 
0.08% 
12,858,492 
0.82% 
2.06% 
1,530,392,895 
97.94% 
08.2021 
1,535,543,393 
11,116,604 
0.72%
5,886,672 
0.38%
2,117,252 
0.14% 
13,122,213 
0.85% 
2.10% 
1,503,300,653 
97.90% 
09.2021 
1,530,223,492 
12,414,824 
0.81%
2,779,689 
0.18%
2,892,223 
0.19% 
14,076,750 
0.92% 
2.10% 
1,498,060,006 
97.90% 
10.2021 
1,453,696,372 
10,484,760 
0.72%
2,685,970 
0.18%
1,473,000 
0.10% 
11,966,614 
0.82% 
1.83% 
1,427,086,028 
98.17% 
11.2021 
1,446,760,536 
11,588,611 
0.80%
2,807,610 
0.19%
1,274,791 
0.09% 
12,135,847 
0.84% 
1.92% 
1,418,953,677 
98.08% 
12.2021 
1,333,898,585 
8,951,958 
0.67%
3,380,960 
0.25%
1,614,202 
0.12% 
10,316,711 
0.77% 
1.82% 
1,309,634,755 
98.18% 
01.2022 
1,424,286,101 
10,445,046 
0.73%
2,960,346 
0.21%
1,429,351 
0.10% 
12,579,799 
0.88% 
1.92% 
1,396,871,559 
98.08% 
02.2022 
1,419,388,811 
13,361,766 
0.94%
2,994,521 
0.21%
1,232,401 
0.09% 
12,809,044 
0.90% 
2.14% 
1,388,991,079 
97.86% 
03.2022 
1,419,307,639 
10,401,731 
0.73%
3,146,671 
0.22%
1,574,554 
0.11% 
10,488,270 
0.74% 
1.80% 
1,393,696,414 
98.20%

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
Dynamic Delinquency Rate 
CLASSIC CREDIT LOANS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Year/Month 
Principal Outstanding 
Delinquent 
1-30 dpd (€) 
1-30
dpd (%)
Delinquent 
31-60 dpd (€) 
31-60
dpd (%)
Delinquent 
61-90 dpd (€) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
91+ dpd (€) 
91 + 
dpd (%) 
Total 
Outstanding 
Current (€) 
Current (%) 
04.2022 
1,410,932,105 
12,437,200 
0.88%
2,513,584 
0.18%
1,725,375 
0.12% 
11,222,438 
0.80% 
1.98% 
1,383,033,507 
98.02% 
05.2022 
1,410,689,030 
12,116,859 
0.86%
3,109,598 
0.22%
1,209,216 
0.09% 
11,633,912 
0.82% 
1.99% 
1,382,619,445 
98.01% 
06.2022 
1,405,806,238 
12,776,022 
0.91%
3,156,679 
0.22%
1,540,941 
0.11% 
10,498,399 
0.75% 
1.99% 
1,377,834,197 
98.01% 
07.2022 
1,395,356,950 
10,609,351 
0.76%
3,383,969 
0.24%
1,534,058 
0.11% 
10,718,050 
0.77% 
1.88% 
1,369,111,522 
98.12% 
08.2022 
1,371,801,226 
10,709,238 
0.78%
4,126,998 
0.30%
1,813,487 
0.13% 
11,169,565 
0.81% 
2.03% 
1,343,981,939 
97.97% 
09.2022 
1,362,956,046 
11,381,948 
0.84%
2,996,881 
0.22%
1,951,138 
0.14% 
11,676,064 
0.86% 
2.05% 
1,334,950,015 
97.95% 
10.2022 
1,361,299,719 
11,652,883 
0.86%
3,081,620 
0.23%
1,557,355 
0.11% 
9,574,040 
0.70% 
1.90% 
1,335,433,821 
98.10% 
11.2022 
1,353,159,044 
11,390,677 
0.84%
2,984,374 
0.22%
1,744,359 
0.13% 
9,720,403 
0.72% 
1.91% 
1,327,319,231 
98.09% 
12.2022 
1,333,898,585 
8,951,958 
0.67%
3,380,960 
0.25%
1,614,202 
0.12% 
10,316,711 
0.77% 
1.82% 
1,309,634,755 
98.18% 
01.2023 
1,322,295,394 
8,631,285 
0.65%
2,775,448 
0.21%
1,556,059 
0.12% 
10,551,341 
0.80% 
1.78% 
1,298,781,261 
98.22% 
02.2023 
1,306,521,278 
11,993,436 
0.92%
2,237,937 
0.17%
860,712 
0.07% 
10,643,789 
0.81% 
1.97% 
1,280,785,404 
98.03% 
03.2023 
1,279,606,609 
9,114,515 
0.71%
2,528,382 
0.20%
1,050,148 
0.08% 
8,327,917 
0.65% 
1.64% 
1,258,585,646 
98.36% 
04.2023 
1,251,556,232 
11,701,829 
0.93%
2,191,426 
0.18%
1,140,197 
0.09% 
8,261,839 
0.66% 
1.86% 
1,228,260,941 
98.14% 
05.2023 
1,233,983,865 
10,227,707 
0.83%
2,552,233 
0.21%
1,075,985 
0.09% 
8,552,679 
0.69% 
1.82% 
1,211,575,261 
98.18% 
06.2023 
1,216,985,312 
9,425,555 
0.77%
1,716,130 
0.14%
1,226,561 
0.10% 
7,841,425 
0.64% 
1.66% 
1,196,775,641 
98.34% 
07.2023 
1,197,282,006 
9,219,750 
0.77%
2,156,476 
0.18%
905,611 
0.08% 
8,114,840 
0.68% 
1.70% 
1,176,885,329 
98.30% 
08.2023 
1,171,182,672 
9,378,986 
0.80%
2,623,994 
0.22%
1,092,062 
0.09% 
8,314,594 
0.71% 
1.83% 
1,149,773,036 
98.17% 
09.2023 
1,156,066,625 
9,433,833 
0.82%
2,131,118 
0.18%
1,176,821 
0.10% 
8,546,107 
0.74% 
1.84% 
1,134,778,746 
98.16% 
10.2023 
1,137,622,035 
9,743,032 
0.86%
2,023,073 
0.18%
1,242,352 
0.11% 
7,658,787 
0.67% 
1.82% 
1,116,954,792 
98.18% 
11.2023 
1,118,223,006 
9,952,874 
0.89%
2,307,577 
0.21%
988,685 
0.09% 
8,026,657 
0.72% 
1.90% 
1,096,947,213 
98.10% 
12.2023 
1,097,202,563 
9,235,536 
0.84%
2,155,203 
0.20%
1,349,179 
0.12% 
8,068,653 
0.74% 
1.90% 
1,076,393,993 
98.10% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1.92% 
Average 
98.08%

--- Page 122 ---
Doc ID 
 
 
 
122 
 
Weighted Average Life of the Notes/Assumed Amortisation of the Notes 
Weighted Average Life of the Notes 
Weighted average life of the Notes refers to the average amount of time that will elapse (on a 30/360 basis) from 
the date of issue of a Note to the date of distribution of amounts to the Noteholders distributed in reduction of 
principal of such Note (assuming no losses). The weighted average life of the Notes will be influenced by, amongst 
other things, the rate at which the Purchased Receivables are paid, which may be in the form of scheduled 
amortisation, prepayments or liquidations. 
The following table is prepared on the basis of certain assumptions, as described below, regarding the weighted 
average characteristics of the Purchased Receivables and the performance thereof. 
The table assumes, among other things, that: 
(a) the portfolio of Purchased Receivables is subject to a constant annual rate of prepayment as set out under 
“CPR”; 
(b) no Purchased Receivables are repurchased by the Seller; 
(c) the Notes are issued and subscribed on the assumed Initial Issue Date of 25 June 2024 and the repayment 
of principal under the Notes occurs from the Payment Date falling in July 2027 (included); 
(d) the Payment Date is assumed to be the 21st of each month, with first Payment Date falling on 22 July 
2024; 
(e) the Clean-Up Call is exercised;  
(f) the Purchased Receivables are fully performing (no losses or delinquencies occur); 
(g) the original outstanding balance of the Notes is equal to the Nominal Amount set forth on the front cover 
of this Prospectus; 
(h) the Discount Rate is 7.1837 per cent. per annum; 
(i) no Early Amortisation Event occurs; 
(j) the third party expenses and servicing fees together are 1.03 per cent. per annum.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
The approximate average life of the Notes, at various assumed rates of prepayment of the Purchased Receivables, 
would be as follows: 
  
Notes 
CPR 
Weighted 
Average Life 
First Principal 
Payment in month 
Expected Maturity 
0.00% 
4.10 
July 2027 
October 2029 
2.50% 
4.07 
July 2027 
September 2029 
5.00% 
4.05 
July 2027 
September 2029 
7.50% 
4.03 
July 2027 
September 2029 
10.00% 
4.00 
July 2027 
August 2029 
 
Assumes clean-up call is exercised (10 per cent.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The exact average life of the Notes cannot be predicted as the actual rate at which the Purchased Receivables will 
be repaid and a number of other relevant factors are unknown. 
The average life of the Notes is subject to factors largely outside the control of the Issuer and consequently no 
assurance can be given that the assumptions and the estimates above will prove in any way to be realistic and they 
must therefore be viewed with considerable caution.

--- Page 124 ---
Doc ID 
 
 
 
124 
 
Assumed Amortisation of the Notes 
This amortisation scenario is based on the assumptions (i) listed above under “Weighted Average Life of the Notes” and (ii) of a 10 per cent. CPR (a constant annual rate of prepayment 
referred to above). It should be noted that the actual amortisation of the Notes may differ substantially from the amortisation scenario indicated below. 
Period 
Payment Date 
Note Balance  
Amortisation 
Notes 
0 
25/06/2024 
€1,780,000,000.00  
  
1 
22/07/2024 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
2 
21/08/2024 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
3 
23/09/2024 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
4 
21/10/2024 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
5 
21/11/2024 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
6 
23/12/2024 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
7 
21/01/2025 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
8 
21/02/2025 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
9 
21/03/2025 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
10 
22/04/2025 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
11 
21/05/2025 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
12 
24/06/2025 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
13 
21/07/2025 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
14 
21/08/2025 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
15 
22/09/2025 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
16 
21/10/2025 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
17 
21/11/2025 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
18 
22/12/2025 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
19 
21/01/2026 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
20 
23/02/2026 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
21 
23/03/2026 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
22 
21/04/2026 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
23 
21/05/2026 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
24 
22/06/2026 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
25 
21/07/2026 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
26 
21/08/2026 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
27 
21/09/2026 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
28 
21/10/2026 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
29 
23/11/2026 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
30 
21/12/2026 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
31 
21/01/2027 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
32 
22/02/2027 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
33 
22/03/2027 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
34 
21/04/2027 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
35 
21/05/2027 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
36 
21/06/2027 
€1,780,000,000.00  
€0.00  
37 
21/07/2027 
€1,684,978,458.64  
€95,021,541.36  
38 
23/08/2027 
€1,591,277,093.67  
€93,701,364.97  
39 
21/09/2027 
€1,500,009,969.08  
€91,267,124.59  
40 
21/10/2027 
€1,409,345,555.39  
€90,664,413.69

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
41 
22/11/2027 
€1,319,014,578.48  
€90,330,976.91  
42 
21/12/2027 
€1,230,632,503.83  
€88,382,074.64  
43 
21/01/2028 
€1,143,749,893.68  
€86,882,610.16  
44 
21/02/2028 
€1,058,828,007.44  
€84,921,886.24  
45 
21/03/2028 
€975,675,862.26  
€83,152,145.18  
46 
21/04/2028 
€893,185,235.36  
€82,490,626.90  
47 
22/05/2028 
€820,575,579.30  
€72,609,656.06  
48 
21/06/2028 
€750,219,448.71  
€70,356,130.58  
49 
21/07/2028 
€682,212,308.84  
€68,007,139.88  
50 
21/08/2028 
€616,136,593.77  
€66,075,715.07  
51 
21/09/2028 
€552,260,231.96  
€63,876,361.82  
52 
23/10/2028 
€490,174,366.77  
€62,085,865.18  
53 
21/11/2028 
€430,427,440.29  
€59,746,926.48  
54 
21/12/2028 
€372,540,589.97  
€57,886,850.33  
55 
22/01/2029 
€316,536,634.10  
€56,003,955.87  
56 
21/02/2029 
€262,672,632.46  
€53,864,001.64  
57 
21/03/2029 
€211,347,001.22  
€51,325,631.25  
58 
23/04/2029 
€162,104,381.80  
€49,242,619.41  
59 
22/05/2029 
€115,624,982.75  
€46,479,399.05  
60 
21/06/2029 
€71,440,890.26  
€44,184,092.49  
61 
23/07/2029 
€30,115,080.77  
€41,325,809.49  
62 
21/08/2029 
€0.00  
€30,115,080.77

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
*Clean-up call exercised at 10 per cent. 
*Amortisation schedule based on 10 per cent CPR.

--- Page 128 ---
Doc ID 
 
 
 
128 
 
Additional Rights 
Variation of Discount Rate  
The Discount Rate represents the Issuer's costs of financing the Programme. The Discount Rate is calculated on 
the basis of (i) the expected weighted average (calculated based on the outstanding principal amount of the Notes 
and the outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated Loan at the end of the Monthly Period) of the fixed rates 
(stated as a percentage) payable by the Issuer under the Swap Agreements and an estimate of the hypothetical swap 
fixed rate (being higher than the fixed rate under the Swap Agreements) theoretically needed to swap the floating 
rate interest payments under the Subordinated Loan, plus (ii) the Servicer Fee at a rate of 1.00 per cent. per annum, 
plus (iii) 0.03 per cent. for administrative costs and fees plus (iv) an additional buffer to cover for potential interest 
rate increases. The components of the Discount Rate are not static for the lifetime of the Programme and will vary 
in connection with the extension of each Series Revolving Period Expiration Date. 
In order to ensure that the Discount Rate reflects the Issuer's costs of financing the Programme the Issuer grants 
the Seller under the Receivables Purchase Agreement an option (the "Discount Rate Variation Option") to permit 
the Seller to vary the Discount Rate with respect to:  
(a) 
the Purchased Receivables included in the Portfolio; and 
(b) 
any Additional Purchased Receivables to be purchased during the Revolving Period. 
In exercising the Discount Rate Variation Option, the Seller shall calculate, with effect from the then current Series 
Revolving Period Expiration Date applicable to the Notes which do not qualify as Amortising Series: 
(a) 
the expected weighted average (calculated based on the outstanding principal amount of the Notes and 
the outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated Loan at the end of the related Monthly Period) of 
the fixed rates (stated as a percentage) payable by the Issuer under the Swap Agreements and an estimate 
of the hypothetical swap fixed rate (being higher than the fixed rate under the Swap Agreements) 
theoretically needed to swap the floating rate interest payments under the Subordinated Loan; plus 
(b) 
the Servicer Fee at a rate of 1.00 per cent. per annum; plus 
(c) 
0.03 per cent. for administrative costs and fees; plus 
(d) 
an additional buffer to cover for potential interest rate increases, 
(the "New Discount Rate"). The New Discount Rate shall become the Discount Rate with effect from the relevant 
renewal date in relation to all the Purchased Receivables regardless of whether all Notes are revolving or in 
amortisation. 
The Seller acknowledges under the Receivables Purchase Agreement that in exercising the Discount Rate 
Variation Option, the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance will change following the application of the 
New Discount Rate and could give rise to an Early Amortisation Event pursuant to paragraph (d) of the definition 
of Early Amortisation Event. 
In connection with the exercise of the Discount Rate Variation Option, in order to ensure that the Aggregate 
Discounted Receivables Balance calculated on the basis of the New Discount Rate remains unchanged, the Seller 
shall calculate: 
(a) 
the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance immediately prior to the exercise of the Discount Rate 
Variation Option (the "Current Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance"); and 
(b) 
the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance immediately following the exercise of the Discount Rate 
Variation Option (the "New Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance"). 
If the New Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance is lower than the Current Aggregate Discounted 
Receivables Balance (the "Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance Shortfall"), the Seller will offer to sell 
and the Issuer will purchase Additional Purchased Receivables at the Additional Receivables Purchase Price which 
takes into account the New Discount Rate which shall be funded exclusively through a drawing under the 
Subordinated Loan in an amount necessary to remedy the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance Shortfall 
(the "Borrowing Base Cure Amount").

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
The exercise of the Discount Rate Variation Option is subject to the following conditions: 
(a) 
The Discount Rate Variation Option may only be exercised in connection with the extension of the Series 
Revolving Period Expiration Date applicable to all Notes which have not commenced amortisation and 
will apply to all Notes whether or not such Notes have commenced amortisation; 
(b) 
The Discount Rate Variation Option may be exercised by notice to the Issuer no later than on the 10th 
Business Day falling in the month of the then Series Revolving Period Expiration Date applicable to the 
Notes which have not commenced amortisation (the "Discount Rate Variation Option Notice") which 
shall specify:  
(i) 
the New Discount Rate and each component giving rise to the New Discount Rate; 
(ii) 
the Current Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance;  
(iii) 
the New Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance; and  
(iv) 
the Borrowing Base Cure Amount, if any.  
(c) 
The Discount Rate Variation Option shall only be effective:  
(i) 
on the relevant renewal date; and  
(ii) 
(x) if the Issuer has received confirmation from the Rating Agencies that the rating of the relevant 
Notes, to the extent rated, will continue to have a rating of "AA-" by S&P Global and "Aa3" by 
Moody's or, (y) the Issuer has received a new rating confirmation which states the same rating 
for the relevant Notes, to the extent rated, as is applicable prior to the exercise of the Discount 
Rate Variation Option.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
THE SELLER, THE SERVICER AND THE COLLECTION ACCOUNT BANK  
Business and Organisation of Volkswagen Bank GmbH 
Auto Finance Business in Italy 
Macroeconomic Situation:  
In 2023 the Italian Gross Domestic Product (GDP) recorded a growth of 0.9%. 
 
The employment rate in Italy rises to 61.5% in 2023 (+1.3 percentage points vs 2022), while the unemployment 
rate falls to 7.7% (-0.4 points). The growth in employment mainly affects permanent employees. 
Automotive Market development: 
In Italy, in 2023 the car market recorded approximately 250,000 more units compared to 2022: 1,566,448 new cars 
registered in 2023 compared to 1,316,773 in 2022 (+19.0%). Significant growth, but values far from the pre-
pandemic ones of 2019, compared to which there is still a -18.3% (-350,000 cars registered). 
The month of December 2023 contributed to the positive outcome of the year with a growth of 5.9% compared to 
the same month of 2022 and with 111,136 registrations (but compared to December 2019 the drop was 20.9%). 
December 2023, with two working days less than the same month in 2022, nevertheless showed a slowdown both 
compared to the previous months and compared to December 2022 which closed at +21.0%. 
Regarding sales channels, private registrations in 2023 represent 55.5% of the market with a -2.8 p.p. towards 
2022, while the self-registration channel, which is growing, closes at a share of 10.2% (+1.7 p.p. compared to the 
previous year). 
The Long-Term Rental channel grew by 1 p.p. and reaches a market share of 24.3% in 2023 with substantial 
stability of the Captives Companies. 
On the fuel front, petrol cars recorded growth in 2023, reaching a 28.3% share (+0.8 p.p. vs 2022). Diesel drops 
to 17.8% (-2.1 p.p.) with a December drop of almost 5 points. LPG remains at 9% in line with the 2022 figure. 
Hybrids gain 2.1 points and close the year at 36.2% share (35.2% in December), with 10.0% for the "full" hybrids 
and 26.2% for the "mild" ones hybrid. BEV cars close the year 2023 with a 4.2% share, half a point more than 
2022 (6% in December alone), PHEVs retreat to 4.4% compared to a year ago (-0 .7 p.p., 4.0% in December). 
(UNRAE data) 
The Volkswagen Group on the Italian market reached 254,500 vehicles registered (+20.7% vs 2022) thanks to 
which the brands represented by Volkswagen Group Italy recorded a market share of 16.3% (+0.24 vs 2022). 
Incorporation, Registered Office and Purpose 
VW Bank, having its registered office at Gifhorner Straße 57, 38112 Braunschweig, Germany, was incorporated 
on 30 June 1949 according to German law under the name "Volkswagen Finanzierungsgesellschaft mit 
beschränkter Haftung" in Wolfsburg. The registered office was moved to Braunschweig, in the commercial register 
of the local court (Amtsgericht) on 29 September 1982, under the number HRB 1819. The name was changed to 
"Volkswagen Bank GmbH" on 14 December 1994. VW Bank operates under a banking license (Vollbanklizenz) 
and is a member of the deposit protection fund (Einlagensicherungsfonds). 
 
Since 4 November 2014 Volkswagen Financial Services AG group and VW Bank group are supervised by the 
European Central Bank ("ECB"). In addition, the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt 
für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, "BaFin") and the German Bundesbank as competent authorities are monitoring 
the business of Volkswagen Financial Services AG group and VW Bank group. 
 
The purpose of Volkswagen Bank according to Article 2 of its Articles of Association is the operation of bank 
transactions, financial services and similar transactions pursuant to section 1 of the German Banking Act 
(Kreditwesengesetz, "KWG") with the exception of the bank transactions stated in section 1 paragraph 1 sentence 
2 number 1a, number 5, number 12 and paragraph 1a sentence 2 number 1b KWG, as well as all services which, 
directly or indirectly promote the purposes of VW AG or the Volkswagen Group. 
 
VW Bank employs a diversified business model by carrying out various banking activities such as accepting bank 
deposits, lending activities, transfer and payment activities. Within this business model VW Bank also supports 
the sale of the products of the Volkswagen Group and its brands. VW Bank fulfils this role by continuously

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
optimising its service function, which entails improving processes, organisational structures and information 
systems, and above all by ensuring a high level of customer and dealer loyalty and by offering attractive products. 
 
VW Bank co-operates closely with approximately 2,800 dealerships of the Volkswagen Group. A dealer can thus 
offer the customer complete, competent, personal service, at one stop and from a single source, including the 
financing. The co-operation between the manufacturer or importer and the dealer-partner respectively is 
established by a dealer agreement. Under this agreement the dealer-partner is given the responsibility for marketing 
the products and services of the Volkswagen Group and to service the trade-marked-products of the Volkswagen 
Group. Dealers receive valuable support from VW Bank in the form of diverse training measures and extensive 
marketing support. 
VW Bank's task is to provide its customers with everything they need to achieve financial and mobile flexibility. 
The product offerings range from the financing of new and pre-owned cars of the Volkswagen Group and non-
Group brands alike, to wholesale financing all the way to direct banking. 
 
By utilising its so called "European Passport" banking license VW Bank can establish branches and establish, 
acquire or participate in other businesses, domestically or abroad, and partake in any activities that promote its 
objectives. 
 
Volkswagen Bank GmbH is acting through its Italian branch, having its registered office in Milan (Italy), Privata 
Grosio 10/4, in its capacity as seller of the Purchased Receivables under the terms of the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement. 
Under the Servicing Agreement, the Receivables are to be administered together with all other receivables of VW 
Bank Italy according to VW Bank Italy's customary business practices as in effect from time to time. The 
Borrowers will not be notified of the fact that the receivables from their loan contracts have been assigned to the 
Issuer, except under special circumstances. 
The customary business practices of VW Bank Italy currently include the following: 
Negotiation of the Loan Contract and Appraisal of the Creditworthiness of the Prospective Borrower 
The customer writes and signs an application for the financing of a specific vehicle against a specified monthly 
payment. By signing the application the customer signifies its acceptance of the loan conditions. 
 
Before an application is accepted, VW Bank Italy checks the credit standing of the customer. For retail customer 
contracts (private individuals, professionals, individual concerns, SME), currently the following procedure applies. 
Applications are automatically approved by a scoring system if the information on the application demonstrates 
that the applicant meets VW Bank Italy's criteria for an automatic approval. For this purpose information from 
credit bureaus (CRIF, Experian), debt service ability calculation and data of customer profile (application data and 
payment history at VW Bank Italy) are brought together into VW Bank Italy's system. 
 
The scoring system takes into account different criteria and factors. Depending on the respective information which 
applies to each criterion, the loan application receives a certain amount of scores per criterion according to 
statistical methods and historical experience. The sum of scores gives VW Bank Italy an assessment with respect 
to the risk of granting a loan to the respective applicant. The scoring process (in particular the weight or the value 
of the individual scoring criteria and the scoring result) is treated as strictly confidential by VW Bank Italy 
internally vis-à-vis the employees of the credit department and also vis-à-vis the respective car dealer). The 
performance of the scoring system is monitored regularly by VW Bank Italy. Changes to the scoring system are 
based on the results of regular VW Bank Italy statistical analysis. 
 
Applications not automatically accepted by the scoring system have to be decided by an employee of the credit 
department. The employees of VW Bank Italy's credit department are qualified persons (generally with at least 
several years' training in banks or in industry or with degrees in business administration or similar business 
experience, etc.). Each employee is personally assigned a credit ceiling up to which she/he may underwrite a given 
loan. 
Debt Management 
The Borrower pays a contractually specified monthly instalment at a stipulated payment date, with the number of 
payments corresponding with the number of months covered by the financing period. In the case of the special 
financing option, a larger final instalment is due at the end of the contract term (balloon payment).

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
VW Bank Italy requests the Borrower to accept the mode of payment of monthly installments by direct debit from 
the Borrower's bank account or, alternatively, by permanent transfer order. So far more than 98% of all Borrowers 
have voluntarily chosen the direct debit payment (SDD), this payment type generally ensures that VW Bank Italy 
receives payment of its debts promptly and without complication. 
VW Bank Italy receives direct debits on the specified due date and by way of direct contact with the Borrower's 
bank. In cases where the Borrower’s bank does not render payment of the direct debit amount, a reversal of the 
amount is recorded on the corresponding account at VW Bank Italy. Thus, VW Bank Italy normally receives 
knowledge of such outstanding or non-paid debts at the latest within 5 working days after the due date of payment, 
allowing the bank to respond quickly with the issuance of reminder notices to the customers concerned. The other 
payment method is triggered by the Borrower at each due date or with a standing order. Reminder notices are 
generally issued to the Borrowers immediately after the lack of funds notification for the SDD payment method, 
while for payment method other than SDD, they are sent after about 22 calendar days. At the same time, VW Bank 
Italy activates the recovery procedure through external phone collection and then, in the event that payment 
continues to remain outstanding, continue the process through internal phone collection and home collection. 
 
Collection management, in pre bad debt phase, tries to reach agreements with the Borrower to recover the 
outstanding amount; if the Borrower does not pay, it leads to the last stage where the termination is issued. The 
whole process, in pre bad debt phase, lasts normally 150 calendar days. 
Collection Service 
The main task of the collection service is to process insolvent contracts from private customers, individuals and 
SME. Aim of Collection service is the recovery of overdue payments as quickly as possible through a timely 
intervention on debtors. 
In any case of delayed, inaccurate or non-payment of the scheduled monthly repayments and of any other amount 
however due to the VW Bank, the Borrower has the obligation to reimburse VW Bank for the costs and/or fees 
relating to any interventions by debt collectors. 
The Borrower shall automatically lose the benefit of the time limit to reimburse VW Bank (“D.B.T.”), without the 
need for formal notice or judicial pronouncement, if the Borrower omits, even partially, or delays the payment of 
at least two monthly reimbursements or of any other sum owed to VW Bank for any reason whatsoever in excess 
of two monthly repayments, or if the Borrower fails to provide collateral or personal guarantees, insurance 
coverage or even one of the other obligations incumbent on him, or if he fails to comply with the declarations 
required by anti-money laundering legislation. The D.B.T. shall also be declared, in the manner set forth above, in 
the event of the occurrence of any diminution of the guarantee pursuant to Article 1186 of the Civil Code, as well 
as the misrepresentation of the data and information provided, by the Borrower and any co-obligor and guarantor. 
The collection centre executes and manages the following specific processes:  
- 
the issuance of requests for dunning notices (reminder letters, phone collection, external collection 
companies) 
-  
the processing of company and consumer insolvencies 
- 
the utilisation of guarantees 
- 
the execution of measures involving levy upon property 
- 
the writing off and processing of irrecoverable debts (credit assignment) 
Procedure 
As a rule, upon entry into collection, the event of termination of the contract (declaration of bad debt) occurs on 
average with 4 unpaid instalments or between 120 - 150 days past due. During the whole pre-bad debt process, the 
customer is contacted through phone or -when necessary- home collection and contracts are fully or partially cured. 
In the event that, having arrived at the end of the contract, the borrower has the final maxi installment (balloon 
payment) past due and unpaid, the pre bad debt office, after careful evaluation, can grant the borrower a repayment 
plan to repay the entire debt. The recovery ratio for new positions entering pre-bad debt, over a 90 days period, is 
around 91% (i.e. 91% of the managed arrears get recovered). When a contract is fully recovered, it goes back to a 
current status (out of collection).

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
Contrariwise, in case of non-payment, upon termination of a contract, the delinquent debtor has to render payment 
of the entire claim amount or, alternatively, is required to deliver the vehicle to the premises of a Volkswagen 
Group dealer if that Borrower should not be able to satisfy his/her payment obligations. In case of a loan contract, 
if the Borrower intends to deliver the vehicle, he/she will deliver also a proxy for VW Bank Italy to sell the car.  
After termination the contract is further worked out through phone/home collection in order to recover as much as 
possible from all cases. Whole process after termination can last between 30 and 180 days. During this period 
different solutions are chosen according to the severity of the case: customer can repay through plans (debt is split 
into tranche and monthly paid) or through a settlement agreement. If the customer is unwilling to set up a 
repayment agreement but his/her income are worth a legal proceeding, this is started and carried out till partial/full 
recovery. In case of contracts extremely non performing, these can be sold to a factoring company in order to 
recover an income even if the customer is completely unable to repay his/her debt. 
In the event of vehicle-repossession, being the car property of the customer, VW Bank Italy needs a proxy from 
the customer to sell it. If the customers agrees, a request is issued to an experienced external repossession company 
who puts the vehicle at the disposal of the VW Bank Italy. In the event of vehicle repossession, the matter is passed 
to another Department, which initiates estimation of the vehicle. Through estimation and following an auction 
process, car is sold and VW Bank Italy can either partially or completely cover customer’s debt. At the very end 
of the workout (i.e. after car repossession or settlement agreement or repayment or legal action), what is still 
outstanding is written off as a not-recoverable loss. 
Internal Audits 
Internal Audit at VW Bank Italy independently examines all operational and business procedures of VW Bank 
Italy, taking due account of the provisions of bank regulations. This activity is based on an annual audit plan 
decided in co-operation with HQ, which is drawn up on the basis of the legal provisions in a risk-oriented approach 
and whose aim is to cover all the company processes in a three years audit cycle. Internal Audit informs the Branch 
Management of VW Bank Italy of the result of the audits carried out by submitting audit reports and an annual 
summary report. Implementation of the measures and recommendations agreed in the audit reports is monitored 
by Internal Audit. 
External Auditors 
Ernst & Young GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Landschaftstr. 8, 30159 Hannover, Germany ("E&Y") 
audits the annual financial statements of VW Bank Italy. 
 
Ernst & Young GmbH is a member of the Chamber of Public Accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer). 
Data on Volkswagen Bank GmbH Italian branch 
 
 
          2020 
            2021 
        2022 
            2023 
In mio Eur  
      6599.1 
           5835.5 
      6489.1 
           7054.0 
Total Assets 
      5232.1 
           5426.6 
      5905.7 
6607.2 
Receivables 
from 
customers  
         3.4 
             1.3 
          1.1 
             2.3 
Liabilities 
from 
customers

--- Page 134 ---
134 
ADMINISTRATION OF THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES UNDER THE 
SERVICING AGREEMENT 
Under the Servicing Agreement and pursuant to article 1704 of the Italian Civil Code, the Issuer has appointed 
VW Bank Italy, and VW Bank Italy has accepted such appointment, to act as “soggetto incaricato della 
riscossione dei crediti ceduti e dei servizi di cassa e pagamento” pursuant to article 2, paragraph 3(c) of the 
Securitisation Law, in the name and on behalf of the Issuer (mandatario con rappresentanza), for the management, 
collection, administration, recovery and enforcement of the Purchased Receivables and the Loan Collateral (if 
any) purchased by the Issuer under the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. As a result, of any such 
appointment, the Servicer will be responsible for verifying the compliance of the Securitisation with the applicable 
law, including but not limited to the Securitisation Law, and the Prospectus. Under the Servicing Agreement, the 
Servicer shall perform the activities and services listed under Schedule 1 (Undertakings) to the Servicing 
Agreement. 
Pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, VW Bank Italy as Servicer has been granted with full powers and authority 
to perform its obligations and exercise its rights provided for in the Servicing Agreement, and is obliged, subject 
to revocation by the Issuer (or following the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event by the Security Trustee) after the 
occurrence of a Servicer Replacement Event or automatic termination pursuant to the term of the Servicing 
Agreement upon, inter alia, occurrence of a Servicer Insolvency Event, and subject to clause 2.6 of the Servicing 
Agreement, to do or cause to be done any and all things which the Servicer reasonably considers necessary, 
convenient or incidental to the collection, administration, recovery and enforcement of the Purchased Receivables 
and the Loan Collateral (if any) (including the exercise of enforcement measures) in accordance with the 
Servicer’s customary practices in effect from time to time, using the same degree of skill and attention that the 
Servicer exercises with respect to comparable vehicle receivables that the Servicer administers and collects for 
itself or others. 
In particular, the Servicer will be in charge of the day to day collection and management of the Purchased 
Receivables and of the “recovery” of the Purchased Receivables which includes in practice the actions of 
collection of bad debt. The Servicer may grant extensions, deferrals, amendments, modifications or adjustments 
on a Purchased Receivable in accordance with its customary practices in effect from time to time. 
Distribution 
Subject to clause 6.4 of the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer shall transfer to the Collection Account all the 
Collections in respect of the Purchased Receivables by no later than the second Business Day after the relevant 
Collection Date. In addition, on the Issue Date, the Servicer shall credit on the Collection Account all Collections 
received, if any, in respect of the Initial Purchased Receivables from the relevant Cut-Off Date (included) to the 
Issue Date (excluded) 
In addition, the Servicer shall pay into the Distribution Account the Settlement Amount and Clean-up Settlement 
Amount pursuant to clause 10 (Early Settlement and Clean-Up Call) of the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement, to which the Issuer is entitled and payments collected under the Purchased Receivables. Any amount 
to be transferred by the Servicer to the Distribution Account shall be rounded down to the next full euro cent. 
Pursuant to the Collection Account Bank Agreement, as long as the Monthly Remittance Condition is satisfied or 
if the Monthly Remittance Condition is not satisfied but the Servicer has complied with its obligations to remit 
the Monthly Collateral to the Distribution Account in accordance with clause 2.9 of the Servicing Agreement, 
VW Bank Italy, in its capacity as Collection Account Bank, shall transfer the Collections in respect of the 
Purchased Receivables from the Collection Account to the Distribution Account no later 3 pm CET on each 
relevant Payment Date. 
Pursuant to clause 2.9 of the Servicing Agreement, as long as VW Bank Italy acts as Servicer pursuant to the 
Servicing Agreement,  
(a) 
if and as long as the Monthly Remittance Condition is satisfied, VW Bank Italy will be required to make a 
single transfer of the Collections to the Distribution Account on the relevant Payment Date; and

--- Page 135 ---
135 
(b) 
if and as long as the Monthly Remittance Condition is not satisfied,VW Bank Italy, no later than thirty (30) 
calendar days after the first day on which the Monthly Remittance Condition has not been satisfied (the 
"Monthly Collateral Start Date"), will: 
(i) 
deposit into the Distribution Account, an amount equal to the sum of the Monthly Collateral Part 1 
and the Monthly Collateral Part 2 for the Monthly Period in which the Monthly Collateral Start Date 
falls plus, if the Monthly Collateral Start Date falls on a date prior to the Payment Date falling in 
such Monthly Period, an amount equal to the sum of the Monthly Collateral Part 1 and the Monthly 
Collateral Part 2 in respect of the preceding Monthly Period; and 
(ii) 
for any subsequent Monthly Period in which the Monthly Remittance Condition continues to not be 
satisfied (save in respect of any Monthly Collateral posted under limb (b)(i) above): 
(1) 
on the fifteenth (15th) calendar day of the month preceding the first day of such Monthly 
Period, determine the amount representing the Monthly Collateral Part 1 in respect of such 
Monthly Period and deposit an amount equal to the Monthly Collateral Part 1 to the 
Distribution Account to be retained until the Payment Date relating to such Monthly Period; 
and 
(2) 
on the first (1st) calendar day of the Monthly Period relating to such Payment Date, 
determine the amount representing the Monthly Collateral Part 2 in respect of the Monthly 
Period relating to such Payment Date and deposit an amount equal to the Monthly Collateral 
Part 2 to the Distribution Account to be retained until the Payment Date relating to such 
Monthly Period; 
(c) 
provided it complies with its posting obligations in paragraph (b) above and its obligation to transfer 
Collections to the Distribution Account on the relevant Payment Date in accordance with the Servicing 
Agreement, VW Bank Italy will be required to make a single transfer of Collections and other amounts 
collected by it to the Distribution Account on the relevant Payment Date. Otherwise, Collections and other 
amounts collected by it will be required to be remitted by it to the Distribution Account by no later than 
the second Business Day after the relevant Collection Date; 
(d) 
on any Payment Date, VW Bank Italy's obligation to pay Collections for the relevant Monthly Period into 
the Distribution Account may be netted against its claim for repayment of the Monthly Collateral Part 1 
and the Monthly Collateral Part 2 for such Monthly Period and such Monthly Collateral Part 1 and Monthly 
Collateral Part 2 (after netting) will form part of the Available Distribution Amount on such Payment Date. 
If for such Monthly Period the Monthly Servicer Report shows (a) that the sum of the Monthly Collateral 
Part 1 and the Monthly Collateral Part 2 which has been transferred by VW Bank Italy for the relevant 
Monthly Period exceeds the Collections received by VW Bank Italy for such Monthly Period, such excess 
shall be released to VW Bank Italy outside the Order of Priority on the relevant Payment Date or (b) that 
the Collections received by VW Bank Italy for such Monthly Period exceed the sum of Monthly Collateral 
Part 1 and the Monthly Collateral Part 2 which has been transferred by VW Bank Italy for the relevant 
Monthly Period, such excess shall be paid into the Distribution Account by VW Bank Italy on the relevant 
Payment Date; and 
(e) 
if the Monthly Remittance Condition is satisfied again, any Monthly Collateral Part 1 and Monthly 
Collateral Part 2 standing to the credit of the Distribution Account shall be released to VW Bank Italy 
outside the Order of Priority on the next Payment Date following such satisfaction. 
The deposit of the Monthly Collateral described above shall be made by VW Bank Italy as guarantee for the 
performance of its payment obligation to transfer the Collections on a monthly basis from the Collection Account 
to the Distribution Account under the Servicing Agreement and under the Collection Account Bank Agreement 
and such guarantee shall constitute a financial collateral (contratto di garanzia finanziaria) pursuant to the Italian 
legislative decree no. 170/2004.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
At any time when the Monthly Remittance Conditions is not satisfied and the Servicer has not complied with its 
obligations to deposit the Monthly Collateral to the Distribution Account in accordance with clause 2.9 of the 
Servicing Agreement, the Servicer shall transfer to the Distribution Account all the Collections in respect of the 
Purchased Receivables by no later than the second Business Day after the relevant Collection Date. 
Cash Collateral Account 
Unless the collection authority granted pursuant to Clause 2 (Collection of the of the Purchased Receivables) of 
the Servicing Agreement is revoked or withdrawn in accordance with clause 2.2 of the Servicing Agreement or 
has ceased automatically in accordance with clause 2.6 of the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer shall be entitled 
and obliged to utilise the amounts standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account: 
(a) in accordance with the instructions from the Issuer to the extent, in the amounts and for the purposes 
described in Clause 22 (Cash Collateral Account; Accumulation Amount) of the Trust Agreement; and 
(b) for costs incurred as a result of the replacement of a Servicer, to the extent that they cannot be covered 
by indemnifications of the previous Servicer or by income from the investment of the funds in the 
Distribution Account and the Cash Collateral Account. 
In addition, VW Bank Italy as Servicer is entitled to utilise the General Cash Collateral Amount to the extent and 
in the amounts as agreed with its auditors for the purposes of the Clean-Up Call. 
Servicer Fee, Reimbursement of costs and expenses 
As consideration for the services provided by the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement, the Issuer shall pay the 
Servicer Fee to the Servicer on each Payment Date for the preceding Monthly Period in accordance with the 
applicable Order of Priority. 
The Servicer and the Issuer agree that the Servicer Fee includes the remuneration for the services below carried 
out by the Servicer in favour of the Issuer under the Servicing Agreement: 
(a) 
the remuneration for the day to day collection and management of the Purchased Receivables (other 
than the Purchased Receivables under judicial proceedings) which shall be equal to Servicer Fee 1; 
(b) 
the remuneration for the management, administration and recovery procedures in relation to the 
Purchased Receivables under judicial proceedings which shall be equal to Servicer Fee 2 plus VAT; 
and 
(c) 
the remuneration for certain compliance and consultancy services which shall be equal to Euro 500 
plus VAT. 
As additional compensation, the Servicer shall be entitled to retain all fees for checks with insufficient funds and 
other administrative fees. 
In addition to the Servicer Fee, the Issuer shall pay to the Servicer the Additional Servicing Fee plus VAT on each 
Payment Date for the preceding Monthly Period in accordance with the applicable Order of Priority.  
Monthly Servicer Report and Duties under the Servicing Agreement 
Under the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer has undertaken to deliver to the Issuer, the Security Trustee, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Rating Agencies, the Noteholders and the Arranger, on each 
Servicer Report Performance Date, a monthly servicer report (the "Monthly Servicer Report") containing, in 
particular, the information set out in Schedule 2 to the Servicing Agreement. 
Each Monthly Servicer Report will also contain an overview of the retention of the material net economic interest 
by VW Bank for the purposes of which VW Bank will provide the Servicer with all information reasonably 
required with a view to compliance with the applicable provisions under the Securitisation Regulation.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
In addition, under the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer has undertaken to the Issuer, for as long as any Notes 
are intended to be held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem eligibility, to make loan level data in such a 
manner available as required to comply with the Eurosystem eligibility criteria set forth by the Guideline of the 
European Central Bank of 19 December 2014 on the implementation of the Eurosystem monetary framework 
(ECB/2014/60) as amended and applicable from time to time). 
The Servicer has also undertaken to notify the Issuer, the Security Trustee and the Rating Agencies promptly upon 
receiving knowledge or otherwise becoming aware of the occurrence of one of the following events: 
(a) a breach of the Servicer of its obligations under the Servicing Agreement; 
(b) a Servicer Replacement Event; 
(c) a breach of any warranties set forth in clause 5 (Warranties by VW Bank Italy with respect to the 
Purchased Receivables) of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement by VW Bank Italy in its capacity 
as Seller; 
(d) an Enforcement Event; and 
(e) a breach of obligations by a sub-servicer appointed by the Servicer. 
Under the Servicing Agreement the Servicer has undertaken to provide the Rating Agencies with the reports and 
information which the latter reasonably need to maintain their rating of the Notes. Moreover, the Servicer has 
undertaken to inform the Rating Agencies about any proposed amendment to the Transaction Documents, 
including a proposed amendment in respect of the parties. 
Insurance Benefits and Realisation of the Loan Collateral 
Under the Servicing Agreement the Servicer is authorised and obliged, until (i) revocation by the Issuer and/or 
the Security Trustee (acting in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents) in accordance with clause 2.2 of the Servicing Agreement or (ii) automatic termination pursuant to 
clause 2.6 of the Servicing Agreement of such authorisation, to assert, in accordance with the Servicer's customary 
practices in effect from time to time in relation to the respective insurance companies, the Insurance Claims 
assigned to the Issuer pursuant to the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. The Servicer is not required to 
monitor the compliance by a Borrower with the terms of any insurance agreement. The Servicer shall also exercise, 
upon its own due assessment of the circumstances or according to the instructions of the Security Trustee, the 
rights specified in this Agreement and any other rights transferred to it by the Issuer for the exercise thereof. 
Furthermore, under the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer has undertaken to procure that either each such new 
dealer is notified or acknowledges of the transfer of the claims to the Issuer, promptly upon the acceptance of the 
new dealer to step-in in the relevant Maxi Rata Option Agreement. 
Sale of Late Delinquency Purchased Receivables 
Pursuant to clause 2.4 of the Servicing Agreement the Servicer is authorised to sue (with the support of Italian 
qualified legal advisors) any Borrower or relevant third parties in any competent court of Italy or in any other 
competent jurisdiction in the name and on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer being obliged where necessary to assist 
the Servicer in exercising all rights and remedies under and in connection with the Purchased Receivables and 
any Loan Collateral. Moreover, once completed all the possible debt collection activities provided for by its 
customary practices in effect from time to time, the Servicer is entitled to sell Late Delinquency Purchased 
Receivables on a without recourse basis (pro soluto) to third parties (including debt collection companies) in the 
name and on behalf of the Issuer, Receivables. 
However, (i) in the context of the relevant sale, no warranties in respect of the existence and/or the amount of the 
relevant Late Delinquency Purchased Receivables, except for the absence of any act contravening the provisions 
set forth by the Transaction Documents shall be given by the Issuer, and (ii) the sale of the relevant Late

--- Page 138 ---
138 
Delinquency Purchased Receivables shall be effective only upon payment of the agreed purchase price by the 
third party purchaser (such purchase price to be credited on the Distribution Account). 
In order to decide on whether to proceed with the sale of the relevant Late Delinquency Purchased Receivables, 
the Servicer shall evaluate, in the name and on behalf of the Issuer, the financial soundness of the potential 
purchaser, on the basis of its prudent assessment and by obtaining, to the extent deemed necessary, any evidence 
in respect thereof. The agreed purchase price for the acquisition of the Late Delinquency Purchased Receivables 
transferred by the Servicer, acting in the name and on behalf of the Issuer, shall be at least equal to the market 
value determined on the basis of the offer received by third party debt collection companies. 
Dismissal and Replacement of the Servicer 
VW Bank Italy's authorisation and power to collect the Purchased Receivables and the related Loan Collateral as 
Servicer pursuant to clauses 2.2 to 2.4 of the Servicing Agreement shall automatically terminate without further 
notice upon occurrence of a Servicer Replacement Event. 
If the collection authority granted pursuant to clauses 2.2 to 2.4 of the Servicing Agreement is revoked or 
withdrawn in accordance with clause 2.2 of the Servicing Agreement or has automatically terminated in 
accordance with clause 2.6 of the Servicing Agreement, VW Bank Italy expressly undertakes that it shall no 
longer: 
(a) 
collect any Purchased Receivables and/or the Loan Collateral; 
(b) 
make use of the direct debit granted by the Borrowers; or 
(c) 
hold itself out in any way as the servicer of the Purchased Receivables and/or the Loan Collateral, 
provided that, unless otherwise instructed by the Issuer, VW Bank Italy shall not cease - until a new Servicer is 
appointed pursuant to clause 12 of the Servicing Agreement - to carry out any activity which is statutory required 
to be performed by a servicer in the context of a securitisation transaction pursuant to Securitisation Law, 
including activities set forth by article 2, paragraph 6-bis of the Securitisation Law as well as any further activity 
expressly set forth by the Servicing Agreement. 
In addition to the above, pursuant to clause 2.8 of the Servicing Agreement, VW Bank Italy has expressly 
undertaken to notify, within ten (10) Business Days following the revocation or withdrawal of the collection 
authority, (i) the Borrowers of the assignment of the Purchased Receivables to the Issuer and request the 
Borrowers to pay all amounts due and payable to the Distribution Account and (ii) the relevant Insurance 
Companies of the assignment of the Insurance Claims against such Insurance Companies. 
Delegation 
Pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer is permitted to delegate any or all of its duties to other entities, 
including its affiliates and subsidiaries, although the Servicer shall remain liable for the performance of any duties 
that it delegates to another entity, provided that, by way of express derogation of article 1717 of the Italian Civil 
Code, any such delegation shall be carried out in compliance with the applicable law and regulations governing 
Servicer’s role in the context of the Securitisation as in force from time to time. By delegating the duties hereunder 
or appointing a replacement Servicer, the Servicer shall ensure that any data transfer complies with the Privacy 
Law and that the replacement Servicer is an entity or Person as described therein. 
Personal Data relating to the Purchased Receivables 
The Servicer, with respect to the activities performed by it under the Servicing Agreement, has undertaken and 
agreed to act as “responsabile del trattamento” of the personal data of the Debtors and of the data relating to the 
Receivables, in accordance with and pursuant to the Privacy Law, ensuring full compliance with the provisions 
of the Privacy Law. The Servicer has further agreed to fully cooperate with the Issuer for such purpose.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
In the event of a dismissal of the Servicer pursuant to clause 12 of the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer shall, 
within ten (10) Business Days, provide the Borrowers with notice of the assignment and instruct the Borrowers to 
make all payments in respect of the Purchased Receivables to the Distribution Account of the Issuer. If the Servicer 
fails to do so, the Issuer (also through the Security Trustee or any of the Issuer’s agents) shall, at any time during 
such ten (10) Business Days period, be entitled to instruct the replacement Servicer to notify the Borrowers and 
the relevant Insurance Companies and to request payment of the Purchased Receivables (including, without 
limitation, the Insurance Claims) to the Distribution Account. In case the replacement Servicer or the relevant 
instructed Issuer’s Agent fails to do so, such notice to the relevant Borrowers will be given by the Issuer itself 
(through the Corporate Services Provider pursuant to the Corporate Services Agreement). 
Designation of VW Bank Italy as Reporting Entity under the Securitisation Regulation 
Pursuant to the Servicing Agreement the Issuer and VW Bank Italy have agreed that VW Bank Italy in its capacity 
as Seller shall be the designated reporting entity pursuant to and for the purposes of Article 7 of the Securitisation 
Regulation. 
In this respect VW Bank Italy in its capacity as Servicer has undertaken that it will make available to the 
Noteholders, to competent authorities, as referred to in Article 29 of the Securitisation Regulation and to potential 
Noteholders all such information as the Issuer is required to make available pursuant to and in compliance with 
the Securitisation Regulation Disclosure Requirements on the website of the European Data Warehouse 
(www.eurodw.eu) which, for the avoidance of doubt, will comply with the Securitisation Regulation Disclosure 
Requirements or any other website complying with the Securitisation Regulation Disclosure Requirements.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
RATINGS 
The Notes are expected to be rated AA- by S&P Global and Aa3 by Moody’s. 
In accordance with S&P Global definitions, an obligation rated “AA” differs from the highest-rated obligations 
only to a small degree. The obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is very strong. 
In accordance with Moody’s rating definitions, obligations rated “Aa” are judged to be of high quality and are 
subject to very low credit risk. Moreover, the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of the “Aa” generic 
rating category. 
The rating of the Notes addresses the ultimate payment of principal and timely payment of interest according to 
the Conditions. The rating takes into consideration the characteristics of the Purchased Receivables and the 
structural, legal, tax and Issuer-related aspects associated with the Notes. 
The ratings assigned to the Notes should be evaluated independently from similar ratings on other types of 
securities. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision 
or withdrawal by the Rating Agencies at any time. In the event that the ratings initially assigned to the Notes by 
the Rating Agencies are subsequently withdrawn or lowered for any reason, no Person is obliged to provide any 
additional support or credit enhancement with respect to such Notes.  
Meaning of Ratings  
Rating 
Rating Agency 
Meaning 
AA- 
S&P Global 
An obligation rated 'AA' differs from the highest-rated 
obligations only to a small degree. The obligor's capacity to
meet its financial commitments on the obligation is very strong.
Aa3 
Moody's 
An obligation rated Aa3 is judged to be of high quality and is
subject to very low credit risk.  
The Issuer has not requested a rating of the Notes by any rating agency other than the Rating Agencies; there can 
be no assurance, however, as to whether any other rating agency will rate the Notes or, if it does, what rating 
would be assigned by such other rating agency. The rating assigned to the Notes by such other rating agency could 
be lower than the respective ratings assigned by the Rating Agencies. 
References to ratings of Moody’s and S&P Global in this Prospectus will refer to www.moodys.com and 
www.standardandpoors.com respectively.  
Both S&P Global and Moody's are established in the European Union. According to the press release from the 
European Securities and Markets Authority dated 31 October 2011, S&P Global and Moody's have been registered 
in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 
2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 and by Regulation (EU) No 
462/2013. Reference is made to the list of registered or certified credit rating agencies published by ESMA under 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. The assignment of ratings to the Notes or an 
outlook on these ratings is not a recommendation to invest in the Notes and may be revised, suspended or 
withdrawn at any time.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
THE ISSUER 
Introduction 
The Issuer was incorporated in the Republic of Italy on 8 April 2024 as a limited liability company (società a 
responsabilità limitata) under the corporate name “PRIVATE DRIVER ITALIA 2024-1 S.R.L.”. The Issuer's by-
laws provide for termination of the same on 31 December 2100. The registered office of the Issuer is at Corso 
Vittorio Emanuele II, 24-28, 20122, Milan, Italy and the fiscal code and number of enrolment with the companies 
register of Milan - Monza Brianza - Lodi is 13502230967, telephone no. +39 02.7788051. The Issuer is also 
enrolled in the elenco delle società veicolo held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 4 of the resolution of the 
Bank of Italy dated 12 December 2023 under No. 48556.5. The Issuer has no employees and no subsidiaries. 
The authorised and issued quota capital of the Issuer is Euro 10,000, fully paid up and held by SPECIAL 
PURPOSE ENTITY MANAGEMENT 2 S.R.L., a limited liability company (società a responsabilità limitata), 
incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy, whose registered office is at Corso Vittorio Emanuele II, 24-
28, 20122, Milan, Italy, fiscal code and registration with the companies register of Milan – Monza Brianza- Lodi 
number 11068370961, as holder of 100% of the quota capital of the Issuer (the "Quotaholder"). 
The Issuer has not declared or paid any dividends or, save as otherwise described in this Prospectus, incurred any 
indebtedness. 
The Issuer is directly owned by the Quotaholder. It is not directly or indirectly controlled by any other party. 
The Issuer has been incorporated under Italian law as a special purpose vehicle pursuant to the Securitisation Law. 
In accordance with the Securitisation Law, the sole corporate object of the Issuer is the realisation of securitisation 
transactions under the Securitisation Law. As at the date of this Prospectus, no auditors have been appointed yet 
(once appointment, a relevant notice will be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices)).  
Issuer's principal activities 
The corporate objectives of the Issuer, as set out in article 2 of its by-laws (statuto), is the acquisition of monetary 
receivables for the purposes of securitisation transactions (operazioni di cartolarizzazione) and the issuance of 
asset-backed securities. 
The Trust Agreement provides that, so long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer shall not carry out 
certain activities, unless with the consent of the Security Trustee and as provided in the Conditions and the 
Transaction Documents. For a full description of those covenants see section “Trust Agreement”. 
Sole Director of the Issuer 
As at the date of this Prospectus the sole director of the Issuer is Mr. Stefano Bongianino, resident for business 
purposes at Corso Vittorio Emanuele II, 24-28, 20122, Milan, Italy. In addition of being the sole director of the 
Issuer, Stefano Bongianino is also the sole director of other special purpose vehicles, including, inter alia, Private 
Driver 2020-1 S.r.l. 
Accounts of the Issuer and accounting treatment of the Purchased Receivables 
Pursuant to the Bank of Italy regulations, the accounting information relating to the securitisation of the Purchased 
Receivables will be contained in the explanatory notes to the Issuer's accounts (Nota Integrativa). The explanatory 
notes, together with the balance sheet and the profit and loss statements, form part of the financial statements of 
Italian limited liability companies (società a responsabilità limitata). 
The fiscal year of the Issuer begins on 1 January of each calendar year and ends on 31 December of the same 
calendar year. 
Capitalisation and indebtedness statement 
The capitalisation of the Issuer as at the Initial Issue Date is as follows:

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
Quota capital 
 
Euro 
Issued, authorised and fully paid up quota capital 
10,000.00 
 
Loan capital 
Securitisation 
Euro 
1,780,000,000 
1,780,000,000 
Total loan capital (Euro)  
1,780,000,000 
Total capitalisation and indebtedness (Euro) 
1,780,010,000 
 
Subject to the above, as at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer has no borrowings or indebtedness in respect of 
borrowings (including loan capital issued or created but unissued), term loans, liabilities under acceptances or 
acceptance credits, mortgages, charges or guarantees or other contingent liabilities. 
Financial statements and Issuer’s auditors 
Since its date of incorporation the Issuer has not commenced operations and no financial statements have been 
made up as at the date of this Prospectus. The Issuer's accounting reference date is 31 December in each year. 
The Notes will be obligations of the Issuer only and will not be guaranteed by, or be the responsibility of 
Volkswagen Bank GmbH, Volkswagen AG or any other person or entity. It should be noted, in particular, that the 
Notes will not be obligations of, and will not be guaranteed by the Seller, the Servicer (if different) ), the Interest 
Determination Agent, the Security Trustee, the Arranger or any of their respective Affiliates, the Subordinated 
Loan Provider, the Account Bank, the Collection Account Bank, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Swap Counterparty or the Corporate Services Provider or any other party described in this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
CORPORATE SERVICES PROVIDER 
This description of the Corporate Servicer Provider does not purport to be a summary of, and is therefore subject 
to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the detailed provisions of the Corporate Services Agreement and 
the other Transaction Documents. 
The role of Corporate Servicer will be performed by Zenith Global S.p.A., a joint stock company (società per 
azioni) incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy, with registered office at Corso Vittorio Emanuele II 
n. 24/28, 20122 Milan, Italy,  fully paid share capital of Euro 2,000,000, fiscal code and enrolment with the 
companies register of Milan - Monza Brianza - Lodi number 02200990980, belonging to the Arrow Global VAT 
Group number 11407600961, enrolled in the register of financial intermediaries (“Albo Unico”) held by Bank of 
Italy pursuant to articles 106 of the Consolidated Banking Act under the number 30, ABI Code 32590.2. Zenith 
Global S.p.A.’s corporate purpose is granting financing for benefit of the public and professional basis and 
carrying out any related or ancillary activity, in accordance with the provisions set forth by article 106 of 
Consolidated Law on Banking. As expressly provided by the by-laws, Zenith Global S.p.A. is entitled to act as 
Servicer in the context of securitisation transactions governed by Securitisation Law and of other structured 
finance transaction. The main economic activity of Zenith Global S.p.A., as recorded at the Chamber of Commerce 
of Milan-Monza Brianza - Lodi  in which it is enrolled, is “Business and other management consultancy activity 
(“Zenith”). 
In the context of this Securitisation, Zenith acts as Corporate Servicer Provider.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The terms and conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") are set out below. In case of any overlap or inconsistency 
in the definition of a term or expression in the Conditions and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, the definition 
contained in the Conditions will prevail. 
1. 
Form and Nominal Amount of the Notes 
(a) 
The issue by Private Driver Italia 2024-1 S.r.l. (the "Issuer") in an aggregate nominal amount 
of up to EUR 3,000,000,000 is divided into up to 
30,000 Notes payable issued in registered global note form, 
(the "Notes") 
each having a nominal amount of EUR 100,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). 
(b) 
The Notes of each Series are issued in registered form represented by a global registered note 
(each a "Global Note") without interest coupons attached. Each Global Note representing the 
Notes of a Series will be deposited with an entity appointed as common safekeeper (the 
"Common Safekeeper") for Clearstream Luxembourg and Euroclear and thereafter, the Global 
Note will be held in book-entry form only. Each Global Note representing the Notes of a Series 
will bear the personal signatures of the sole director of the Issuer and will be authenticated by 
an authorised signatory of The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as 
Registrar (the "Registrar") and will be effectuated by the Common Safekeeper. 
(c) 
The Issuer will cause to be kept at the specified office of the Registrar a register (the "Register") 
on which will be entered the name and address of the Registered Holder (as defined below) and 
the particulars of the Notes held by it and all transfers and payments (of interest and principal) 
of such Notes. The rights of the Registered Holder (as defined below) evidenced by each Global 
Note representing the Notes and title to such Global Note itself will pass by assignment and 
registration in the Register. Each Global Note representing the Notes of a Series will be issued 
in the name of a nominee of the Common Safekeeper (the "Registered Holder"). The 
Registered Holder will be registered as Noteholder in the Register. An updated copy of the 
Register will be kept at all times at the registered office of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (c) of this Condition 1 (Form and Nominal Amount of the Notes), 
each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown 
in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg, as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg, as to the nominal amount of Notes standing to the 
account of any person will be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of 
manifest error) will be treated by the Issuer and any paying agent as the holder of such nominal 
amount of the Notes for all purposes (and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" 
and related expressions will be construed accordingly). 
(e) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (c) of this Condition 1 (Form and Nominal Amount of the Notes), 
the interests in the Notes of a Series represented by a Global Note are transferable only 
according to applicable rules and regulations of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, as the 
case may be. No Global Note representing Notes of a Series will be exchangeable for definitive 
Notes of such Series. 
(f) 
The Notes may be issued as floating rate Notes based on the EURIBOR rate for one-month Euro 
deposits plus a margin (the "Floating Rate Notes"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(g) 
On any Further Issue Date, the Issuer may issue Further Notes in an amount not exceeding the 
Notes Increase Amount. On the Initial Issue Date, the Issuer has borrowed the Subordinated 
Loan from the Subordinated Loan Provider and on each Further Issue Date the Borrower will 
continue to borrow the Subordinated Loan Increase Amount, which ranks junior to the Notes 
with respect to payment of interest and principal as described in the Order of Priority.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
(h) 
The Notes are subject to the provisions of the Trust Agreement between, inter alios, the Issuer, 
the Security Trustee, VW Bank and VW Bank Italy. The provisions of the Trust Agreement are 
set out in Annex A to these Conditions. Annex A constitutes part of these Conditions. The Trust 
Agreement is available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified offices of 
Circumference Services S.à r.l. (the "Listing Agent"). 
(i) 
Unless otherwise defined herein or the context requires otherwise, capitalised terms used in 
these Conditions have the meaning ascribed to them in Annex B to these Conditions. Annex B 
constitutes part of these Conditions. 
2. 
Series 
(a) 
Series of Notes: 
On a given Issue Date falling within the Revolving Period, all Notes issued on that date will 
constitute one or several Series of Notes, which shall be identified by: 
(i) 
a four digit number representing the year on which the Series was issued, in the 
following format: Series "20xx", followed by:  
(ii) 
the number of such Series in respect of the relevant year, in the following format "y". 
(iii) 
the following format: Series 20xx-y. 
(b) 
General principles relating to the Series of Notes: 
The Notes of different Series shall not be fungible among themselves. 
All Notes issued within the same Series shall be fungible among themselves in accordance with 
and subject to the following provisions: 
(i) 
the Series 20xx-y Notes of the same Series shall all bear the same interest rate in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 8 (Payments of Interest);  
(ii) 
the interest rate payable under the Series 20xx-y Notes of a given Series shall be paid 
on the same Payment Dates; and 
(iii) 
The Series 20xx-y Notes in respect of a given Series shall have the same Scheduled 
Repayment Date and the same Final Maturity Date as set out in Condition 9 (Payment 
Obligations, Extension of Maturities and Agents). 
3. 
Status and Ranking 
(a) 
The Notes of any Series constitute direct, secured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer. The Notes rank pari passu among themselves. The Notes rank senior to the 
Subordinated Loan. 
(b) 
The claims of the holders of the Notes under the Notes are ranked against the claims of all other 
creditors of the Issuer in accordance with the Order of Priority, unless mandatory provisions of 
law provide otherwise. 
4. 
The Issuer 
The Issuer, whose Articles of Incorporation are subject to the Securitisation Law, is a company 
incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Republic of Italy.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
5. 
Assets of the Issuer for the Purpose of Payments on the Notes and on the Subordinated Loan, Provision 
of Security, Limited Payment Obligation 
(a) 
The Issuer will use the proceeds of the Issue of the Notes and of the Subordinated Loan to 
acquire from VW Bank Italy during the Revolving Period as determined in this Condition 5(a) 
(Assets of the Issuer for the Purpose of Payments on the Notes and on the Subordinated Loan, 
Provision of Security, Limited Payment Obligation) pursuant to the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement (i) Receivables and ancillary rights arising from Loan Contracts which 
VW Bank Italy has concluded with private individual and commercial Borrowers and (ii) claims 
against the insurers pursuant to loss insurance policies covering the respective Financed Objects, 
damage claims arising from a breach of contract or in tort against a respective Borrower or any 
interest due and the right to require VW Bank Italy to repurchase the Purchased Receivables in 
case of breach of warranties. The collection and administration of the Purchased Receivables 
and Loan Collateral, to which VW Bank Italy has reserved itself the right and assumed the duty 
in the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, shall be carried out on the basis of the Servicing 
Agreement between the Issuer, VW Bank Italy (in this capacity, the "Servicer") and the Security 
Trustee. Furthermore, the Issuer has entered into additional agreements in connection with the 
acquisition of the Purchased Receivables and Loan Collateral and the Issue of the Notes and the 
raising of the Subordinated Loan, in particular, the Subordinated Loan Agreement with an 
Affiliate of Volkswagen AG, a Corporate Services Agreement with the Corporate Services 
Provider, the Swap Agreements entered into by the Issuer in relation to the Floating Rate Notes 
with the Swap Counterparty, the Agency Agreement with VW Bank Italy and the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Account Agreement with the Account Bank, and the Collection Account 
Bank Agreement with the Collection Account Bank, collectively referred to as the 
"Transaction Documents" and the creditors of the Issuer under these Transaction Documents 
collectively referred to as "Transaction Creditors". "Revolving Period" means the period 
from (and including) the Initial Issue Date and ending on the earlier of (i) the Series Revolving 
Period Expiration Date of the last outstanding Series of Notes and (ii) the occurrence of an Early 
Amortisation Event.  
(b) 
The Issuer has assigned by way of security or, as the case may be, pledged all of its rights and 
claims arising under the Transaction Documents governed by German law to the Security 
Trustee as Security for its obligations under the Notes and the other Transaction Documents. As 
to the form and contents of such provision of security, reference is made to the provisions of the 
Trust Agreement. In addition, the Issuer has assigned all of its right, title, benefit and interest in 
and to the Transaction Documents governed by English law to the Security Trustee as Security 
for its obligations under the relevant Transction Documents. As to the form and contents of such 
provision of security, reference is made to the provisions of the Security Assignment Deed. 
(c) 
All payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Subordinated Loan Agreement 
constitute solely obligations to distribute amounts out of the Available Distribution Amount in 
accordance with the Order of Priority as generated, inter alia, by payments to the Issuer by the 
Borrowers and by the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreements entered into by the Issuer 
in relation to the Floating Rate Notes, as available on the respective Payment Dates according 
to the Order of Priority. The Notes of any Series shall not give rise to any payment obligation 
in excess of the foregoing and recourse shall be limited accordingly. The Issuer shall hold all 
moneys paid to it in the Distribution Account. Further, the Issuer will on or around the Issue 
Date establish and thereafter maintain the Cash Collateral Account to provide limited coverage 
for payments of interest and principal on the Notes and certain other amounts. Furthermore, the 
Issuer will exercise all of its rights under the Transaction Documents with the due care of a 
prudent businessman such that obligations under the Notes may, subject always to the 
provisions of these Conditions of the Notes as to the Order of Priority, be performed to the 
fullest extent possible. To the extent that upon the exercise of such rights funds in the 
Distribution Account and/or the Cash Collateral Account are insufficient to satisfy in full the 
claims of all Transaction Creditors any claims of holders of the Notes of the respective Series 
remaining unpaid shall be extinguished at the Final Maturity Date applicable to the respective 
Series of Notes and the Issuer shall have no further obligations thereto and, for the avoidance 
of doubt, neither the holders of the Notes of the respective Series nor the Security Trustee shall 
have any further claims against the Issuer in respect of such claims remaining unpaid.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
(d) 
The enforcement of the payment obligations under the Notes, the Subordinated Loan Agreement 
and the Swap Agreements entered into by the Issuer in relation to the Floating Rate Notes shall 
only be effected by the Security Trustee for the benefit of all Noteholders, the Swap 
Counterparty and the Subordinated Loan Provider. The Security Trustee is required to foreclose 
on the Security in case of a Foreclosure Event, on the conditions and in accordance with the 
terms set forth in Clauses 17 (Foreclosure on the Security, Foreclosure Event) through 20 
(Distribution Account, Accumulation Account and Swap Provisions) of the Trust Agreement. 
(e) 
The other parties to the Transaction Documents shall not be liable for the obligations of the 
Issuer. 
(f) 
No shareholder, officer, director, employee or manager of the Issuer or of Volkswagen AG or 
its Affiliates shall incur any personal liability as a result of the performance or non-performance 
by the Issuer of its obligations under the Transaction Documents. Any recourse against such a 
person is excluded accordingly. 
6. 
Further Covenants of the Issuer 
(a) 
As long as any of the Notes and/or the Subordinated Loan remains outstanding, the Issuer is not 
entitled, without the prior consent of the Security Trustee, to carry out any activities described 
in Clause 37 (Actions of the Issuer Requiring Consent) of the Trust Agreement. 
(b) 
The counterparties of the Transaction Documents are not liable for covenants of the Issuer. 
7. 
Payment Date, Payment Related Information 
The Issuer shall inform the holders of the Notes, not later than the Servicer Report Performance Date by 
means of the publication provided for under Condition 11 (Notices), with reference to the Payment Date 
(as described below) of such month, as follows: 
(a) 
the repayment of the nominal amount payable on each Series of the Notes (if any) and the 
amount of interest calculated and payable on each Series of Notes on the succeeding 21stday of 
such calendar month or, if such date is not a Business Day, on the next following Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day (each respectively a "Payment Date"); 
(b) 
the nominal amount remaining outstanding on each Series of Notes on each respective Payment 
Date and the amount of interest remaining unpaid, if any, on the Notes of each Series as from 
such Payment Date; 
(c) 
the Notes Factor for each Series of Notes; 
(d) 
the remaining General Cash Collateral Amount; and 
(e) 
in the event of the final Payment Date with respect to a Series of Notes, the fact that this is the 
last Payment Date. 
The Issuer shall make available for inspection by the holders of the Notes, in its offices at Corso Vittorio 
Emanuele II, 24-28, 20122, Milan, Italy and during normal business hours, the documents from which 
the figures reported to the holders of the Notes are calculated. 
8. 
Payments of Interest 
(a) 
Subject to the limitations set forth in Condition 5 (Assets of the Issuer for the Purpose of 
Payments on the Notes and on the Subordinated Loan, Provision of Security, Limited Payment 
Obligation), the outstanding principal amount in respect of the Notes shall, subject to Condition 
8(b) (Payments of Interest), bear interest from (and including) the respective Issue Date until 
(and including) the day preceding the day on which the principal amount has been reduced to 
zero.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
(b) 
Interest shall be paid in arrears on each Payment Date. The amount of interest payable in respect 
of each Note on any Payment Date shall be calculated by applying the Notes Interest Rate (as 
defined below) for the relevant Interest Accrual Period to the principal amount outstanding of 
the Notes immediately prior to the relevant Payment Date and multiplying the result by the 
actual number of days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period divided by 360 and rounding the 
result to the nearest full cent (with EUR 0.005 being rounded upwards), in each case as 
determined by The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch (the "Interest Determination 
Agent"), which shall include a substitute or alternative interest determination agent). 
(c) 
The interest rate to be used for calculating the amount of interest payable shall be the EURIBOR 
rate for one month Euro deposits plus the relevant margin set out in the Relevant Final Terms 
(the "Margin"), provided that irrespective of the calculation pursuant to this Condition 8 
(Payments of Interest) the interest rate shall not be less than zero (the "Notes Interest Rate"). 
Such calculation shall also apply to the first Interest Accrual Period commencing on the 
respective Issue Date and ending on the date (calendar day) preceding the first Payment Date 
(both days inclusive). 
(d) 
Accrued Interest not paid on the Notes on the Payment Date related to the Interest Accrual 
Period in which it accrued will be an "Interest Shortfall" with respect to such Note and, if such 
non-payment continues for a period of five (5) Business Days, this will constitute a Foreclosure 
Event. 
9. 
Payment Obligations, Extension of Maturities and Agents; Early Redemption 
(a) 
On each Payment Date the Issuer shall, subject to Condition 5(c) (Assets of the Issuer for the 
Purpose of Payments on the Notes and on the Subordinated Loan, Provision of Security, Limited 
Payment Obligation), pay to each holder of a Note interest at the Notes Interest Rate on the 
Nominal Amount of the Notes of such Series of Notes outstanding immediately prior to the 
respective Payment Date and, if the respective Series of the Notes is an Amortising Series 
redeem the Nominal Amount of the Notes by applying the amount remaining thereafter in 
accordance with the Order of Priority. The record date shall be the Business Day preceding the 
Payment Date.  
(b) 
Sums which are to be paid to the holders of the Notes shall be rounded down to the next lowest 
cent amount for each of the Notes. The amount of such rounding down to the next cent amount 
shall be used in the next following Payment Date and the surplus carried over to the following 
Payment Date. The Servicer shall be entitled to retain any amount less than EUR 500 remaining 
on the Final Maturity Date (as defined below). 
(c) 
Payments of principal and interest, if any, on the Notes shall be made by the Principal Paying 
Agent on the Issuer's behalf for further payment to Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear or 
to their order for credit to the relevant account holders of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. All payments in respect of any Note made by, or on behalf of, the Issuer to, or to 
their order of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall discharge the liability of the Issuer 
under such Note to the extent of sums so paid.  
(d) 
The first Payment Date for the Notes shall be specified in the Final Terms. The final payment 
of the then outstanding principal amount plus interest thereon is expected to take place on or 
before the Payment Date specified in the Final Terms (the "Scheduled Repayment Date"), 
provided that whenever with respect to the Notes the relevant Series Revolving Period 
Expiration Date is extended pursuant to Conditions 9(f) and 9(g) (Payment Obligations, 
Extension of Maturities and Agents; Early Redemption), the relevant Scheduled Repayment 
Date shall be extended automatically for the same period as the relevant Series Revolving Period 
Expiration Date applicable to the Notes. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding Condition 8(d) (Payments of Interest), all payments of interest on and principal 
of the Notes will be due and payable at the latest in full on the final maturity date of the Notes, 
which shall be the Payment Date specified in the Final Terms (the "Final Maturity Date").

--- Page 149 ---
149 
(f) 
Provided that the holders of the Series of Notes have received a notice from the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) and substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1 to 
these Conditions no later than one (1) calendar month prior to the final day of the then current 
Revolving Period (the "Series Revolving Period Expiration Date"), all of the holders of a 
Series of Notes, acting collectively, shall have the right, by written notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Security Trustee and the Issuer in the form of Schedule 2 to these Conditions to be 
received not later than ten (10) Business Days immediately preceding the then current Series 
Revolving Period Expiration Date, to request:  
(i) 
the extension of the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date for a period specified in 
the relevant notice; 
(ii) 
an amendment to the Notes Interest Rate; and 
(iii) 
the extension of the Final Maturity Date for a period to be specified in the relevant 
notice, which shall be equal to the period specified in such notice for the extension of 
the then current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date. 
(g) 
Any amendments so requested shall become effective only if (A) the Issuer has received 
confirmation from the Rating Agencies that such amendments will not in and of themselves 
result in a downgrade, withdrawal or qualification of the rating assigned to Notes, or the Rating 
Agencies have confirmed that the assignment of new ratings are not lower than the rating for 
the then outstanding Notes before the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date was extended, 
or, as applicable, the Issuer has received a new rating confirmation stating the same rating for 
the Notes as applicable prior to the amendments and (B) by no later than the third Business Day 
prior to the then current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, the Issuer has confirmed by 
notice to the holders in the form prescribed by Condition 11 (Notices) that it has received such 
confirmation and that it agrees to the requested extension and the related amendments and (C) 
that, as far as any Floating Rate Notes are concerned, the Issuer has arranged sufficient interest 
hedging for the current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date. 
(h) 
The Issuer shall procure that the amendments that have become effective in accordance with 
these provisions will be notified to the Principal Paying Agent for further communication to the 
Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg immediately after the notice 
from the holders of the relevant Series of Notes has been given.  
(i) 
Payments of interest and principal shall be made from the Issuer's accounts with The Bank of 
New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch (the "Account Bank") by the Issuer to the Principal Paying 
Agent (which shall include a substitute or alternative paying agent), for on-payment to 
Clearstream Luxembourg and/or Euroclear or to their order for credit to the accounts of the 
relevant account holders of Clearstream Luxembourg or, as applicable Euroclear without having 
to execute an affidavit or fulfil any formalities other than the compliance with tax, currency 
exchange or other regulations of the country where the payment takes place. The Issuer is 
entitled to transfer paid-in amounts to the Account Bank prior to the Payment Date and leave 
with the Account Bank any amounts not claimed by the Noteholders upon maturity.  
(j) 
In their capacity as such, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Interest 
Determination Agent and the Registrar, respectively, shall act solely as agents of the Issuer and 
shall not maintain an agency or trust relationship with the holders of the Notes. The Issuer may 
appoint a new principal paying agent, registrar, calculation agent and/or an interest 
determination agent, or if there are grounds to do so, appoint an alternative principal paying 
agent, calculation agent and/or an alternative interest determination agent and revoke the 
appointment of the Principal Paying Agent, Registrar and/or the Interest Determination Agent. 
Appointments and revocations thereof shall be announced pursuant to Condition 11 (Notices). 
The Issuer will ensure that during the term of the Notes and as long as the Notes are listed on 
the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange a paying agent, an interest determination 
agent and a calculation agent will be appointed at all times and will be released from the 
restrictions of section 181 of the German Civil Code.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
(k) 
In addition to a full redemption of the Notes occurring following the exercise of a Clean-Up 
Call, the Notes will be subject to early redemption (as applicable, in whole or in part) on any 
Payment Date at the nominal amount remaining outstanding on each Note on the date 
immediately prior to such redemption together with accrued interest thereon up to but excluding 
the date of redemption in accordance with the Order of Priority upon notification of the 
Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) no later than ten (10) 
calendar days prior to the Payment Date on which the Notes are to be redeemed, provided that 
(1) the Issuer has sufficient funds to discharge its liabilities under the Notes to be redeemed on 
such Payment Date and all payment obligations ranking senior to the Notes pursuant to the 
Order of Priority, (2) the Security Trustee has given its consent to such early redemption and 
(3) in case of a partial redemption, confirmation by each of the Rating Agencies that such early 
redemption will not cause it to downgrade, qualify or withdraw its rating assigned to any of the 
Notes. 
10. 
Taxes 
Payments shall only be made after the deduction and withholding of current or future taxes, levies or 
government charges, regardless of their nature, which are imposed, raised or collected ("taxes") on the 
basis of the applicable laws of, or for the account of, an authority or government agency authorised to 
levy taxes or of any country which claims fiscal jurisdiction, to the extent that such a collection is 
prescribed by applicable law (or pursuant to FATCA). The Issuer shall render an account of the deducted 
or withheld taxes accruing to the competent government agencies and shall, upon a Noteholder's request, 
provide proof thereof. The Issuer will not be obliged to pay any additional amounts as a result of the 
deduction or withholding 
11. 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders will be validly given if transmitted individually to the address set out in the 
Register for such Noteholder. 
As long as the Global Note is registered in the name of the Registered Holder notices to Noteholders may 
be validly given if transmitted to Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg for further communication to 
the persons shown as holders of the Notes in their records. Any notice so given will be deemed to have 
been given to all Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to 
Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg. 
In addition, as long as the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the 
rules of such exchange so require, all notices to the Noteholders regarding the Notes will be published in 
a newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) 
or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www. luxse.com). Any notice referred to above 
will be deemed to have been given to all Noteholders on the day on which such notice was published in 
a newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) 
or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Absent an official listing 
notices will be published in the electronic German Federal Gazette (elektronischer Bundesanzeiger). 
12. 
Miscellaneous 
(a) 
The form and content of the Notes and all of the rights and obligations of the holders of the 
Notes, the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the Servicer under these Notes shall be subject 
in all respects to the laws of Germany. The Conditions of any Series of the Notes may only be 
modified through contractual agreement to be concluded between the Issuer and all holders of 
such Series of Notes with a prior notification to the Rating Agencies as provided for in section 
4 of the German Debenture Act (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen - 
"SchVG") or by a Noteholders' resolution adopted with unanimous consent of the holders of 
such Series of Notes pursuant to sections 5 to 22 of the aforementioned act. The holders of any 
Series of Notes may appoint a noteholders' representative (gemeinsamer Vertreter) for the 
preservation of their rights pursuant to the provisions of the German Debenture Act (SchVG) 
(section 5 (1) sentence 1 SchVG).

--- Page 151 ---
151 
(b) 
Should any of the provisions hereof be or become invalid in whole or in part, the other 
provisions shall remain in force. The invalid provision shall, according to the intent and purpose 
of these Conditions, be replaced by such valid provision which in its economic effect comes as 
close as legally possible to that of the invalid provision. 
(c) 
The place of performance and venue is Frankfurt am Main. The German courts have jurisdiction 
for the annulment of the Global Note in the event of loss or destruction. 
(d) 
For any legal proceedings brought in connection with these Conditions which have been 
initiated against the Issuer in a court of Germany, the Issuer grants to Intertrust the authority to 
accept service of process. The Issuer undertakes to maintain an agent for accepting such service 
in the Federal Republic of Germany as long as any of the Notes are outstanding.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
SCHEDULE 1 TO THE NOTES 
FORM OF NOTICE TO BE DELIVERED BY THE ISSUER TO THE HOLDERS OF THE NOTES IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
CONDITION 9 
Notice to the holders of the Series 20xx-y Notes, issued by Private Driver Italia 2024-1 S.r.l. (the "Notes"), 
to be given one (1) month prior to the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date 
Terms not defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
Notice is hereby given to the holders of the Notes that they shall have the right exercisable by written notice to 
the Principal Paying Agent, the Security Trustee and the Issuer to be received not later than ten (10) Business 
Days immediately preceding the then current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, to request 
(i) 
the extension of the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date for a period to be specified in the relevant 
notice; 
(ii) 
an amendment to the Notes Interest Rate; and 
(iii) 
the extension of the Final Maturity Date for a period to be specified in the relevant notice, which shall be 
equal to the period specified in such notice for the extension of the Series Revolving Period Expiration 
Date. 
Milan, xx 
Private Driver Italia 2024-1 S.r.l.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
SCHEDULE 2 TO THE NOTES 
FORM OF NOTICE TO BE DELIVERED BY THE HOLDERS OF THE NOTES TO THE PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, 
THE SECURITY TRUSTEE AND THE ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CONDITION 9 
From: 
[Name, address, phone number and fax number of relevant holder] 
To: 
[Issuer] 
[Principal Paying Agent] 
[Security Trustee] 
Series [  ]-[  ] Notes, issued by Private Driver Italia 2024-1 S.r.l. (the "Notes") 
Dear Sirs, 
Terms not defined in herein shall have the meaning given to them in the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
Reference is made to Condition 9 (Payment Obligations, Extension of Maturities and Agents) of the terms and 
conditions of the above mentioned Notes and the notice published on [date]. 
We hereby request 
(i) 
the extension of the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date for a period of one (1) year so that the 
extended Series Revolving Period Expiration Date shall be [to be inserted]; 
(ii) 
[to be inserted] as amended Notes Interest Rate with effect from (and including) the Payment Date falling 
in [to be inserted]; and 
(iii) 
the extension of the Final Maturity Date for a period equal to the period specified under (i) above so that 
the extended Final Maturity Date shall be [to be inserted]. 
We hereby represent and warrant that as of the date of this notice  
(i) 
we hold [  ] per cent of the Notes outstanding on the date of this notice; and 
(ii) 
we will not sell or transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the Notes prior to the 25th Business Day after 
the date of this notice. 
We hereby acknowledge that the amendments requested above shall become effective only if (A) the Issuer has 
received confirmation from the Rating Agencies that such amendments will not in and of themselves result in a 
downgrade, withdrawal or qualification of the rating assigned to Notes and (B) by no later than the third (3rd) 
Business Day prior to the then current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, the Issuer has confirmed by notice 
to us (as holders of the Notes) in the form prescribed in Condition 11 (Notices) that it has received such 
reaffirmation and that it agrees to the requested amendments. 
Kind regards, 
[name and signatures of holder]

--- Page 154 ---
154 
TRUST AGREEMENT 
The following is an excerpt of the material terms from the Trust Agreement between the Issuer, the 
Security Trustee, the Notes Purchaser, the Arranger, the Corporate Services Provider, the Registrar, 
the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Subordinated Loan Provider, the Seller, the 
Servicer, the Collection Account Bank, the Cash Administrator, the Interest Determination Agent, the 
Swap Counterparty and the Account Bank. The text is attached to the Conditions and constitutes an 
integral part of the Conditions – in case of any overlap or inconsistency in the definition of a term or 
expression in the Trust Agreement and elsewhere in this Prospectus, the definition contained in the 
Trust Agreement will prevail 
1. 
DEFINITIONS, INTERPRETATION AND COMMON TERMS  
1.1 
Definitions 
(A) 
Unless otherwise defined herein or the context requires otherwise, capitalised terms used in this 
Agreement have the meaning ascribed to them in Clause 1 (Definitions) of the Master 
Definitions Schedule (the "Master Definitions Schedule") set out in the Incorporated Terms 
Memorandum dated on or about the date hereof, as amended or amended and restated from time 
to time (the "Incorporated Terms Memorandum"). The terms of the Master Definitions 
Schedule are hereby expressly incorporated into this Agreement by reference.  
(B) 
In the event of any conflict between the Master Definitions Schedule and this Agreement, this 
Agreement shall prevail. 
1.2 
Interpretation 
Terms in this Agreement, except where otherwise stated or where the context otherwise requires, shall 
be construed in the same way as set forth in Clause 2 (Interpretation) of the Master Definitions Schedule. 
1.3 
Common Terms; Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(A) 
Incorporation of Common Terms 
Except as provided below, the Common Terms apply to this Agreement and shall be binding on 
the Parties as if set out in full in this Agreement. 
(B) 
Common Terms 
If there is any conflict between the provisions of the Common Terms and the provisions of this 
Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail, subject always to compliance with 
Clause 9 (Non-petition and Limited Recourse) of the Common Terms. 
(C) 
Governing law and jurisdiction 
This Agreement and all matters (including non-contractual duties and claims) arising from or 
connected with it shall be governed by German law. Each Party irrevocably agrees that the 
district court (Landgericht) of Frankfurt am Main shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction to hear 
and determine any proceedings and to settle any disputes brought in connection with this 
Agreement, and each Party irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the German courts. Each 
Party also irrevocably waives (and irrevocably agrees not to raise) any objection which it might 
at any time have on the ground of forum non conveniens or any other ground to proceedings 
being taken in any court referred to in this Clause 1.3 (Common Terms; Governing law and 
jurisdiction), and irrevocably agrees that any judgment in proceedings taken in any such court 
shall be conclusive and binding on it and may be enforced in any other jurisdiction.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
PART A. 
DUTIES AND POSITION OF THE SECURITY TRUSTEE 
2. 
DUTIES OF THE SECURITY TRUSTEE 
2.1 
This Agreement establishes the rights and obligations of the Security Trustee to carry out the tasks 
assigned to it in this Agreement. Unless otherwise set forth in this Agreement, the Security Trustee is not 
obliged to supervise the discharge of the payment and other obligations of the Issuer arising from the 
Notes and the Subordinated Loan (collectively, the "Funding") and the Transaction Documents or to 
carry out duties which are the responsibility of the management of the Issuer. 
2.2 
The Issuer agrees and authorises that the Security Trustee acts for the Transaction Creditors pursuant to 
the terms of this Agreement and the Security Assignment Deed. The Security Trustee agrees to act 
accordingly. 
3. 
POSITION OF THE SECURITY TRUSTEE IN RELATION TO THE TRANSACTION 
CREDITORS 
3.1 
The Security Trustee carries out the duties specified in this Agreement as a trustee for the benefit of the 
Transaction Creditors. The Security Trustee shall exercise its duties hereunder with particular regard to 
the interests of the Transaction Creditors, giving priority to the interests of each Transaction Creditor in 
accordance with the Order of Priority. Without prejudice to the Order of Priority, the Security Trustee 
shall exercise its duties under this Agreement with regard (i) as long as any of the Notes are outstanding, 
only to the interests of the Noteholders and (ii) if no Notes remain outstanding, only to the interests of 
the Subordinated Loan Provider for the repayment of the Subordinated Loan. 
3.2 
This Agreement grants all Transaction Creditors the right to demand that the Security Trustee performs 
its duties under Clause 2 (Duties of the Security Trustee) and all its other duties hereunder in accordance 
with this Agreement, and constitutes in favour of the Transaction Creditors that are not parties to this 
Agreement (in particular the Noteholders) a contract for the benefit of a third party pursuant to §328 
(echter Vertrag zugunsten Dritter) of the German Civil Code. The rights of the Issuer pursuant to 
Clause 4.2 (Position of the Security Trustee in relation to the Issuer) shall not be affected. 
4. 
POSITION OF THE SECURITY TRUSTEE IN RELATION TO THE ISSUER 
4.1 
With respect to its own claims against the Issuer under this Agreement or otherwise, in particular with 
respect to the Trustee Claim, the Security Trustee is legally a secured party (Sicherungsnehmer) in 
relation to the Issuer. In insolvency proceedings on the Security Trustee's estate any Security held by the 
Security Trustee shall be transferred to the new Security Trustee appointed in accordance with this 
Agreement and the Security Assignment Deed. 
The Issuer and each Transaction Creditor hereby undertake to assign any claim for segregation 
(Aussonderung) it may have in an insolvency of the Security Trustee with respect to this Agreement and 
the Security Assignment Deed and the Security held by the Security Trustee to the relevant new Security 
Trustee appointed in accordance with this Agreement and the Security Assignment Deed. 
4.2 
The Issuer hereby grants to the Security Trustee a separate trustee claim (the "Trustee Claim"), entitling 
the Security Trustee to demand from the Issuer that: 
(A) 
any present or future obligation of the Issuer in relation to the Noteholders shall be fulfilled; 
(B) 
any present or future obligation of the Issuer in relation to a Transaction Creditor of the 
Transaction Documents shall be fulfilled; and 
(C) 
(if the Issuer is in default in respect of any Secured Obligation(s) and insolvency proceedings 
have not been instituted against the estate of the Security Trustee) any payment owed under the 
respective Secured Obligation shall be made to the Security Trustee for on-payment to the 
Transaction Creditors and shall discharge the Issuer's obligation accordingly.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
The right of the Issuer to make payments to the respective Transaction Creditor shall remain unaffected. 
The Trustee Claim in whole or in part may be enforced separately from the relevant Transaction 
Creditor's claim related thereto. In the case of a payment pursuant to Clause 4.2(C) hereof, the Issuer 
shall have a claim against the Security Trustee for on-payment to the respective Transaction Creditors in 
accordance with the Order of Priority pursuant to Clause 21.1 (Order of Priority). 
4.3 
The obligations of the Security Trustee under this Agreement are owed exclusively to the Transaction 
Creditors, except for the obligations and declarations of the Security Trustee to the Issuer pursuant to 
Clause 4.1, the last sentence of Clause 4.2, Clause 11 (Undertakings of the Transaction Creditors), 
Clause 32 (Transfer of Security; Costs; Publication) and Clause 38 (Amendments) hereof. 
PART B. 
GRANTING OF COLLATERAL 
5. 
ASSIGNMENT FOR SECURITY PURPOSES 
5.1 
The Issuer hereby assigns or transfers (as applicable) the following rights to the Security Trustee for 
security purposes: 
(A) 
all its present and future claims and other rights arising from the German Law Transaction 
Documents (but excluding all its present and future claims (i) against the Security Trustee 
arising under this Agreement as well as its present and future claims under the Accounts (other 
than the Collection Account), which in each case are pledged under Clause 6 (Pledge) of this 
Agreement, and (ii) under the Swap Agreements entered into by the Issuer in relation to the 
Floating Rate Notes, which are charged and assigned under the Security Assignment Deed) and 
from all present and future contracts the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with 
the Notes, the Subordinated Loan, the Swap Agreements entered into by the Issuer in relation 
to the Floating Rate Notes, or the other Transaction Documents, in each case to the extent 
governed by German law; and 
(B) 
all transferable (then) present and future claims in respect of all bank accounts which will be 
opened under the Account Agreement or this Agreement in the name of the Issuer in the future 
(but excluding the Collection Account), 
in each case including any and all related non-ancillary (selbständige) and ancillary (unselbständige) 
rights to determine unilaterally legal relationships (Gestaltungsrechte), including any termination rights 
(Kündigungsrechte). 
The Security Trustee hereby accepts the assignments and transfers.  
The Issuer covenants in favour of the Security Trustee that it will assign and/or transfer (to the extent not 
so assigned and/or transferred pursuant to Clause 5.1 above or the Security Assignment Deed) (i) any 
future assets received by it as security for any of the foregoing or otherwise in connection with the 
German Law Transaction Documents, in particular such assets which it receives from any of its 
counterparties in relation to any of such German Law Transaction Documents as collateral for the 
obligations of such counterparty towards the Issuer, as well as in connection with any new accounts 
opened by the Issuer, to the Security Trustee and (ii) any rights and claims under any future Transaction 
Documents or further agreements relating to the Transaction Documents, in each case to the extent 
governed by German law, upon execution of such documents. 
5.2 
If an express or implied current account relationship exists or is later established between the Issuer and 
a third party, the Issuer hereby assigns to the Security Trustee – without prejudice to the generality of the 
provisions in Clause 5.1(A) and (B) 5.1(A) – the right to receive a periodic account statement and the 
right to payment of present or future balances (including a final net balance determined upon the 
institution of any insolvency proceedings according to the Applicable Insolvency Law regarding the 
estate of the Issuer), as well as the right to terminate the current account relationship and to the 
determination and payment of the closing net balance upon termination. 
5.3 
To the extent that title to the Security assigned pursuant to this Clause 5 cannot be transferred by mere 
agreement between the Issuer and the Security Trustee as effected in the foregoing Clauses 5.1 and 5.2,

--- Page 157 ---
157 
the Issuer and the Security Trustee agree and hereby effect that anything to be done or form or registration 
to be effected to perfect a first priority security interest in the Security assigned pursuant to this Clause 5 
for the Security Trustee in favour of the Transaction Creditors shall be immediately done and effected 
by the Issuer at its own costs. 
6. 
PLEDGE 
The Issuer hereby pledges to the Security Trustee all its present and future claims against the Security 
Trustee arising under this Agreement as well as its present and future claims under the Accounts (other 
than the Collection Account). The Issuer:  
(A) 
hereby gives notice to the Security Trustee of the pledge of all of the Issuer's present and future 
claims against the Security Trustee pursuant to § 1280 of the German Civil Code, and the 
Security Trustee hereby confirms the receipt of such notice;  
(B) 
shall give notice to the Account Bank of the pledge of the Accounts (other than the Collection 
Account) pursuant to § 1280 of the German Civil Code, and the Account Bank shall confirm 
receipt of such notification pursuant to the terms of the Account Agreement. 
7. 
SECURITY PURPOSE 
The assignments for security purposes pursuant to Clause 5.1(A) and (B) (Assignment for Security 
Purposes) and the pledge created pursuant to Clause 6 (Pledge) serve to secure the Trustee Claim. In 
addition, the assignments pursuant to Clause 5.1(A) and (B) (Assignment for Security Purposes) are 
made for the purpose of securing the rights of the Transaction Creditors against the Issuer arising under 
the Funding and the Transaction Documents and any potential obligations on the grounds of any 
invalidity or unenforceability of any Funding or any Transaction Documents, in particular claims on the 
grounds of unjustified enrichment (ungerechtfertigte Bereicherung). 
8. 
AUTHORITY TO COLLECT; ASSUMPTION OF OBLIGATIONS; FURTHER ASSIGNMENT 
8.1 
The Issuer is hereby authorised (ermächtigt und bevollmächtigt) by the Security Trustee to collect, to 
have collected, to realise and to have realised in the ordinary course of business or otherwise to use, the 
rights assigned for security purposes pursuant to Clause 5 (Assignment for Security Purposes) and the 
rights pledged pursuant to Clause 6 (Pledge) and to exercise or have exercised the unilateral rights 
(Gestaltungsrechte) pertaining to such rights. 
8.2 
The authority provided in Clause 8.1 above is granted only to the extent that all obligations of the Issuer 
are fulfilled in accordance with the Order of Priority prior to a Foreclosure Event. The authority may be 
revoked by the Security Trustee if this is necessary in the opinion of the Security Trustee to avoid 
endangering the Security or their value. The authority shall automatically terminate upon the occurrence 
of a Foreclosure Event pursuant to Clause 17 (Foreclosure on the Security; Foreclosure Event) hereof. 
8.3 
The Security Trustee shall, in its relationship to the Issuer and to VW Bank Italy, comply with the 
continuing duties of care of the Issuer arising from each Receivables Purchase Agreement and the 
Servicing Agreement. Such continuing duties shall not include, in particular, the payment obligations of 
the Issuer (i) pursuant to Clause 3.2 and Clause 6.3 of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement to 
pay the Purchase Price of the Initial Purchased Receivables or the Purchase Price of the Additional 
Purchased Receivables, as the case may be, or (ii) as compensation for damages. 
8.4 
(A) 
The Security Trustee is authorised to (and in case of sub-clause (1) below shall be obliged to) 
assign and transfer the Security assigned and transferred to it in accordance with Clause 5 
(Assignment for Security Purposes) for security purposes: 
(1) 
in the event the Security Trustee is replaced and all Security is to be assigned and 
transferred to a new Security Trustee (the "New Security Trustee"); or 
(2) 
to a third party if a Foreclosure Event pursuant to Clause 17 (Foreclosure on the 
Security; Foreclosure Event) hereof threatens to occur because taxes are levied by the

--- Page 158 ---
158 
tax authorities on payments in respect of the Security, or if such levy is to be 
introduced, and if the negative consequences thereof can be avoided in whole or in part 
through the assignment and/or transfer, or 
(3) 
as long as VW Bank Italy is the Servicer, VW Bank Italy has given its consent to such 
assignment or transfer or if it unreasonably withholds its consent; such a withholding 
of consent shall as a rule be considered unreasonable if an assignment or transfer does 
not negatively and materially affect the interests of VW Bank Italy, the Borrowers or 
the Issuer and the Transaction Creditors will be at risk of material disadvantages 
without such assignment or transfer. 
(B) 
In the case of an assignment and/or transfer pursuant to Clause 8.4(A) above, the Security 
Trustee shall be obliged to agree with the respective assignee or transferee that the assignee or 
transferee: 
(1) 
in the case of an assignment pursuant to Clause 8.4(A)(1), shall assume the obligations 
of Security Trustee pursuant to Clause 8.3 above, and 
(2) 
in all other cases under Clause 8.4(A) above with regard to the Security, shall assume 
the rights and continuing obligations of the Issuer under the Security. 
9. 
REPRESENTATION OF THE ISSUER 
9.1 
The Issuer represents and warrants to the Security Trustee in the form of a separate independent guarantee 
undertaking pursuant to §311(1) of the German Civil Code that: 
(A) 
the Security has not already been assigned or pledged to a third party; and 
(B) 
the Issuer has not established any third-party rights on or in connection with the Security. 
9.2 
The Issuer shall pay damages pursuant to §280(1) and in connection with §280(3) (Schadensersatz statt 
der Leistung) of the German Civil Code, if the legal existence of the Security transferred for security 
purposes in accordance with this Agreement is invalid as a consequence of any action or omission by the 
Issuer contrary to Clause 9.1 above. 
10. 
REPRESENTATIONS OF THE SECURITY TRUSTEE 
The Security Trustee represents and warrants to the Issuer in the form of a separate independent guarantee 
undertaking pursuant to §311(1) of the German Civil Code that: 
(A) 
is has the legal capacity and is in a position to perform the duties assigned to it in this Agreement 
in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, and that, as of the time of concluding this 
Agreement, no proceedings have been instituted or steps have been taken for the bankruptcy, 
dissolution or moratorium of payments of the Security Trustee, and a ground for termination 
pursuant to Clause 30 (Termination by the Security Trustee for Good Cause) for it to terminate 
this Agreement has neither occurred nor is foreseen; and 
(B) 
it has and will continue to have its centre of main interests (as that term is used in Article 3(1) 
of the EU Insolvency Regulation in Germany) and has not and will not have an establishment 
(as that term is defined in Article 2(10) of the EU Insolvency Regulation) outside of Germany. 
11. 
UNDERTAKINGS OF THE TRANSACTION CREDITORS 
The Transaction Creditors (other than the Noteholders and Security Trustee acting in its capacity as 
Security Trustee on behalf of the Transaction Creditors) undertake to the Issuer until one (1) year and 
one (1) day has passed after the last payment is effected on the Notes and the Subordinated Loan: 
(A) 
not to take or induce any action the subject of which is a dissolution, liquidation, or bankruptcy 
or other insolvency proceedings with respect to the Issuer of any or all of its revenue or property

--- Page 159 ---
159 
or the appointment of a receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, trustee, liquidator, 
sequestrator or similar officer of the Issuer; and 
(B) 
neither to assert judicially or extra-judicially claims for payment against the Issuer to which the 
Security Trustee is entitled under or in connection with this Agreement and its performance, nor 
to permit third parties to assert such claims on their behalf. 
12. 
RELEASE OF SECURITY 
12.1 
If and as soon as the Issuer has fully and finally discharged all obligations secured by this Agreement, 
the Security Trustee shall promptly reassign and/or retransfer any remaining Security assigned or, as the 
case may be, transferred to it under this Agreement and that it still holds at such time to or to the order 
of the Issuer. The Security Trustee undertakes to notify the quotaholder of the Issuer of the full 
satisfaction of all obligations secured hereunder and of the retransfer of the Security. For the purpose of 
release, the Security Trustee may rely on evidence which shows that all moneys necessary for the 
satisfaction of the obligations secured by this Agreement have been transferred to the Principal Paying 
Agent for further distribution in accordance with the terms of the Agency Agreement. A written 
confirmation of receipt by the Principal Paying Agent shall be sufficient evidence for the purpose of the 
preceding sentence. 
12.2 
Subject to the provisions in the Transaction Documents, as soon as the Security has been released, the 
Transaction and all Transaction Documents shall automatically terminate. 
PART C. 
DUTIES OF THE SECURITY TRUSTEE PRIOR TO OCCURRENCE OF THE FORECLOSURE 
EVENT 
13. 
ACCEPTANCE, SAFEKEEPING, AND REVIEW OF DOCUMENTS; NOTIFICATION OF 
THE ISSUER 
13.1 
The Security Trustee may demand from the Issuer the on-transfer of the documents which are delivered 
to the Issuer in connection with the reporting of the Seller pursuant to Clause 2.10 (Transfer of the Initial 
Purchased Receivables) and Clause 5.11 (Transfer of the Additional Purchased Receivables) of the 
Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and Clause 10 (Reporting Duties; Duties under the Swap 
Agreements and Benchmark Determination) of the Servicing Agreement and the Security Trustee shall: 
(A) 
keep such documents for one year after the termination of this Agreement and, at the discretion 
of the Issuer, thereafter either destroy such documents or deliver the same to the Issuer or to the 
Seller; or 
(B) 
forward the documents to the New Security Trustee if the Security Trustee is replaced in 
accordance with Clauses 30 (Termination by the Security Trustee for Good Cause) through 32 
(Transfer of Security; Costs; Publication) of this Agreement. 
13.2 
The Security Trustee shall, to a reasonable extent, check the conformity of the documents provided to it 
in accordance with Clause 10 (Reporting Duties; Duties under the Swap Agreements and Benchmark 
Determination) of the Servicing Agreement without being obliged to recalculate the figures. If this does 
not reveal any indication of a breach of duties or any risk for the Security, the Security Trustee shall not 
be obliged to examine such documents any further. If, on the basis of such checks, the Security Trustee 
comes to the conclusion that a Transaction Creditor is not properly fulfilling its obligations under a 
Transaction Document, the Security Trustee shall promptly inform the directors of the Issuer thereof. 
The right of the Security Trustee to obtain additional information from the Seller shall not be affected 
hereby. 
14. 
ACTIONS OF THE ISSUER REQUIRING CONSENT 
If the Issuer requests that the Security Trustee grant its consent as required pursuant to Clause 37 (Actions 
of the Issuer Requiring Consent), the Security Trustee may grant or withhold the requested consent at its

--- Page 160 ---
160 
discretion, taking into account the reasonable interests of the Transaction Creditors in accordance with 
Clause 4.1 (Position of the Security Trustee in relation to the Transaction Creditors) hereof. 
15. 
BREACH OF OBLIGATIONS BY THE ISSUER 
15.1 
If the Security Trustee in the course of its activities becomes aware that the existence or the value of the 
Security is at risk due to any failure of the Issuer to properly comply with its obligations under this 
Agreement, the Security Trustee shall, subject to the provisions in Clause 15.2 below, deliver a notice 
to the Issuer in reasonable detail of such failure (with a copy to the Servicer) and, if the Issuer does not 
remedy such failure within ninety (90) days after the delivery of such notice, the Security Trustee shall 
at its discretion take or induce all actions which in the opinion of the Security Trustee are necessary to 
avoid such threat. To the extent that the Issuer does not comply with its obligations pursuant to Clause 35 
(Undertakings of the Issuer in Respect of the Security) in respect of the Security and does not remedy 
such failure within the ninety (90) day period after the notice set forth above, the Security Trustee is, in 
particular, authorised and obliged to exercise all rights arising under the Transaction Documents on 
behalf of the Issuer. 
15.2 
The Security Trustee shall only intervene in accordance with Clause 15.1 above if and to the extent that 
it is assured that it will be indemnified to its satisfaction, at its discretion either by reimbursement of 
costs or in any other way it deems appropriate, against all costs and expenses resulting from its activities 
(including fees for retaining counsel, banks, auditors, or other experts as well as the expenses for retaining 
third parties to perform certain duties) and against all liability, obligations and legal proceedings. 
Clause 33 (Standard of Care) shall not be affected hereby. 
16. 
POWER OF ATTORNEY 
The Issuer hereby grants by way of security power of attorney to the Security Trustee, waiving the 
restrictions set forth in §181 of the German Civil Code, and with the right to grant substitute power of 
attorney, to act in the name of the Issuer with respect to all rights of the Issuer arising under the 
Transaction Documents (except for the rights vis-à-vis the Security Trustee). Such power of attorney is 
irrevocable. It shall expire as soon as a New Security Trustee has been appointed pursuant to Clauses 30 
(Termination by the Security Trustee for Good Cause) through 32 (Transfer of Security; Costs; 
Publication) and the Issuer has issued a power of attorney to such New Security Trustee having the same 
contents as the above power of attorney. The Security Trustee shall only act under this power of attorney 
in the context of its rights and obligations pursuant to this Agreement. 
PART D. 
DUTIES OF THE SECURITY TRUSTEE AFTER OCCURRENCE OF A FORECLOSURE EVENT 
17. 
FORECLOSURE ON THE SECURITY; FORECLOSURE EVENT 
17.1 
The Security shall be subject to enforcement and/or foreclosure upon the occurrence of a Foreclosure 
Event. The Security Trustee shall without undue delay (ohne schuldhaftes Zögern) give notice to the 
Noteholders and the Subordinated Loan Provider and notify the Rating Agencies of the occurrence of a 
Foreclosure Event. 
17.2 
After the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event with respect to the pledge of the Accounts (other than the 
Collection Account), the requirements set forth in §§ 1273, 1204 et seq. of the German Civil Code being 
satisfied with regard to the enforcement of the pledge (Pfandreife), the Security Trustee shall, at its 
reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen), foreclose or cause foreclosure on the Security. Unless 
compelling grounds to the contrary exist, the foreclosure shall be performed by collecting payments made 
into the Accounts (other than the Collection Account) on the Security or, inter alia, by way of sale and 
assignment and/or transfer of the Security to a third party purchaser. The provisions of the Corporate 
Services Agreement shall be unaffected by the foreclosure of the Security (subject to the provisions of 
Clause 8.4 (Authority to Collect; Assumption of Obligations; Further Assignment) hereof). 
17.3 
With respect to the pledge of the Accounts (other than the Collection Account), the Security Trustee shall 
notify the Issuer of its intention to enforce the pledge (or any part thereof) by giving the Issuer not less 
than seven (7) days prior notice (Androhung). Such notice period shall not be required in case the Security

--- Page 161 ---
161 
Trustee deems immediate action necessary in order to protect its vested interests (berechtigtes Interesse) 
in the Security. The Issuer hereby waives (i) the requirements set out in § 1277 of the German Civil Code 
(including the requirement of any prior enforceable title judgment or other instrument (vollstreckbarer 
Titel)) and (ii) any right it may have of first requiring the Security Trustee to proceed against or enforce 
any other rights or security or claim for payment from any person prior to enforcing the Security. 
17.4 
Within fifteen (15) calendar days after the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, the Security Trustee shall 
give notice to the Noteholders, the Subordinated Loan Provider and the Swap Counterparty, specifying 
the manner in which it intends to foreclose on the Security, in particular, whether it intends to sell the 
Security, and apply the proceeds from such foreclosure to satisfy the obligations of the Issuer, subject to 
the Order of Priority set out in Clause 21.1 (Order of Priority). If, within sixty (60) calendar days after 
the publication of such notice, the Security Trustee receives written notice from a Noteholder 
representing, or Noteholders together representing more than 66⅔ per cent. of the outstanding principal 
amount of the Notes, objecting to the action proposed in the Security Trustee's notice, the Security 
Trustee shall not undertake or shall abort such action (other than the collection of payments on the 
Accounts (other than the Collection Account) from the Security). Furthermore, the Security Trustee shall 
provide the Rating Agencies, upon their request, all relevant information relating to the Foreclosure 
Event. 
18. 
PAYMENTS UPON OCCURRENCE OF A FORECLOSURE EVENT 
18.1 
Upon the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, the Security may be claimed and realised exclusively by 
the Security Trustee. Payments on such Security after the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event will have 
effect only if made to the Security Trustee. The Security Trustee shall invest the payments which it 
receives in this manner, as provided for in Clause 21 (Order of Priority), until they are paid out to the 
Transaction Creditors of the Issuer. 
18.2 
Upon the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, payments on the obligations of the Issuer may not be made 
as long as, in the opinion of the Security Trustee, such payment will jeopardise the fulfilment of any later 
maturing obligation of the Issuer with higher rank. 
18.3 
In the case of payments on the Notes or the Subordinated Loan, the Security Trustee shall provide the 
Noteholders and the Subordinated Loan Provider with advance notice of the Payment Date pursuant to 
the Conditions or the Subordinated Loan Agreement. In the case of such payment, the Security Trustee 
is only responsible for making the relevant amount available to the Principal Paying Agent. In order to 
do so, the Security Trustee shall rely on the records of the Relevant Clearing Systems in relation to any 
determination of the principal amount outstanding of each Global Note and on the records that each of 
the Relevant Clearing Systems holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer's 
interest in the Notes. 
18.4 
After all Secured Obligations have been fulfilled, the Security Trustee shall release any remaining 
Security and pay out any remaining amounts to the Issuer. 
19. 
CONTINUING DUTIES 
Clauses 1313 (Acceptance, Safekeeping, and Review of Documents; Notification of the Issuer) through 
15 (Breach of Obligations by the Issuer) of this Agreement shall continue to apply after a Foreclosure 
Event has occurred and is continuing. 
PART E. 
ACCOUNTS; ORDER OF PRIORITY 
20. 
DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNT; ACCUMULATION ACCOUNT AND SWAP PROVISIONS 
20.1 
The Distribution Account shall be used for the fulfilment of the payment obligations of the Issuer. 
20.2 
The Issuer shall ensure that all payments made to the Issuer (other than the collateral under the Swap 
Agreements entered into by the Issuer in relation to the Floating Rate Notes) shall be made by way of a 
bank transfer to or deposit or in any other way into the Distribution Account.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
20.3 
The Accumulation Account shall be used on each Payment Date to collect moneys paid under item eighth 
of the Order of Priority for reinvestment in Additional Purchased Receivables at any time after such 
Payment Date and to deposit moneys arising from the repayment of principal under the Purchased 
Receivables which amounts may be used to purchase Additional Purchased Receivables during the 
Revolving Period. 
20.4 
Interest accrued on the Distribution Account and the Accumulation Account shall form part of the 
Available Distribution Amount. 
20.5 
On or prior to the date hereof, the Issuer has entered into certain Swap Agreements in relation to the 
Floating Rate Notes in order to hedge the floating rate interest exposure on the Notes. In the following 
situations and under the following conditions the Issuer may enter into new or replacement Swap 
Agreements in relation to the Floating Rate Notes: 
(A) 
The Issuer may, from time to time, enter into one or more replacement Swap Agreements in 
relation to the Floating Rate Notes with a replacement Swap Counterparty in the event that a 
Swap Agreement is terminated prior to its scheduled expiration pursuant to an "Event of 
Default" or a "Termination Event" (each as defined in the respective Swap Agreement). The 
replacement Swap Agreement will have an initial notional amount equal to the aggregate 
principal amount of the terminated Swap Agreement as at termination. The notional amount of 
the respective replacement Swap Agreement shall (i) decrease by the amount of any principal 
repayments on the Series of Floating Rate Notes and (ii) increase by the amount of any principal 
increase on the Series of Floating Rate Notes from time to time. 
(B) 
The Issuer shall use reasonable efforts to enter into new interest rate Swap Agreements upon 
the issuance of further Series of Floating Rate Notes, provided that: 
(1) 
such new interest rate Swap Agreements are basically on the same terms and conditions 
as the existing Swap Agreements; and 
(2) 
it is ensured that the notional amount under the new Swap Agreement will at all times 
be equal to the outstanding principal balance of the corresponding new issued Series 
of Floating Rate Notes. 
20.6 
The Servicer shall calculate and provide, by delivery of the Monthly Servicer Report, written notification 
to the Swap Counterparty and to the Security Trustee of the notional amount of each Swap Agreement 
as of each Payment Date on or before the Servicer Report Performance Date in the month of the related 
Payment Date. The Interest Determination Agent shall provide the Servicer with the calculation of 
EURIBOR. The Servicer shall provide the calculation of EURIBOR to the Security Trustee under this 
Agreement. The Swap Counterparty as calculation agent under the respective Swap Agreement shall 
provide the Servicer with the calculation of the amounts of all payments due under such Swap Agreement 
on each Payment Date, including Net Swap Payments, Net Swap Receipts and Swap Termination 
Payments payable in accordance with the Order of Priority on each Payment Date. The Parties hereby 
acknowledge that with respect to the obligations under each Swap Agreement of the parties thereto, all 
calculations shall be performed by the calculation agent thereunder. 
20.7 
In the event of any early termination of the transaction under any Swap Agreement, any Swap 
Termination Payments received by the Issuer or the Security Trustee on behalf of the Issuer from the 
Swap Counterparty shall be remitted to the Swap Termination Payment Account. 
20.8 
The Issuer shall promptly, following the early termination of any Swap Agreement due to an "Event of 
Default" or "Termination Event" (each as defined in the applicable Swap Agreement) and in accordance 
with the terms of such Swap Agreement, enter into a replacement Swap Agreement with an Eligible 
Swap Counterparty to the extent possible and practicable through application of funds available in the 
Swap Termination Payment Account. 
20.9 
On each Payment Date, the funds credited to the Swap Termination Payment Account (other than any 
amounts representing Swap Replacement Proceeds that are required to be applied in payment of any 
Swap Termination Payments pursuant to Clause 20.10) shall be used to cover any shortfalls in the

--- Page 163 ---
163 
amounts payable under items first through sixth of the Order of Priority, provided that in no event shall 
the amount withdrawn from the Swap Termination Payment Account exceed the amount of Net Swap 
Receipts that would have been required to be paid under the terminated Swap Agreement had there been 
no termination of such Swap Agreement. 
20.10 
Any Swap Replacement Proceeds received by the Issuer or the Security Trustee on behalf of the Issuer 
from a replacement Swap Counterparty shall be remitted directly to the Swap Termination Payment 
Account and shall be applied in payment of any Swap Termination Payments to the Swap Counterparty 
under the initial Swap Agreement outside of the Order of Priority. If Swap Replacement Proceeds are 
insufficient to pay in full the Swap Termination Payment due to the initial Swap Counterparty, any 
shortfall shall be paid in accordance with the Order of Priority. If Swap Replacement Proceeds exceed 
the Swap Termination Payment due to the initial Swap Counterparty, any excess shall be treated as part 
of the Available Distribution Amount. 
20.11 
If, following the early termination of any Swap Agreement due to an "Event of Default" or "Termination 
Event" (each as defined in the applicable Swap Agreement) and in accordance with the terms of such 
Swap Agreement, the Issuer determines not to replace the initial Swap Agreements, the amounts in the 
Swap Termination Payment Account shall be remitted directly to the Distribution Account, shall be 
treated as part of the Available Distribution Amount and shall be paid in accordance with the Order of 
Priority. 
20.12 
In the event that the Swap Counterparty is required to provide collateral in the form of cash pursuant to 
the terms of the respective Swap Agreement, the Issuer shall open the Counterparty Downgrade 
Collateral Account and shall hold such eligible credit support in the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral 
Account which shall bear interest and shall be segregated from any other Account and from the general 
cash flows of the Issuer. Funds deposited in such Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account shall not 
constitute Collections and shall be monitored on a specific collateral ledger. Amounts standing to the 
credit of the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account shall secure solely the payment obligations of 
the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the respective Swap Agreement. The amounts in the 
Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account shall be applied in or towards satisfaction of the Swap 
Counterparty's obligations to the Issuer upon termination of the respective Swap Agreement. Any 
collateral in excess of such obligations and owing to the Swap Counterparty pursuant to the applicable 
Swap Agreement shall not be available to Transaction Creditors and shall be returned to the Swap 
Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the respective Swap Agreement and outside of the Order 
of Priority. The affected Swap Counterparty shall bear any costs and expenses in connection with the 
Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account. If the Issuer incurs any liabilities, costs or expenses in 
connection with the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account, the affected Swap Counterparty shall 
reimburse the Issuer immediately upon request from the Issuer. 
20.13 
If and to the extent, on any day, the Calculation Agent withdraws or sells collateral pursuant to 
Clause 20.12 above in or towards satisfaction of the Swap Counterparty's obligations to the Issuer upon 
termination of the respective Swap Agreement, the corresponding amount owed by the Swap 
Counterparty shall be deemed to be discharged and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the credit 
support annex, for the purpose any determinations of the credit support balance to be made pursuant to 
the credit support annex on or after such day, it shall be deemed that such collateral was never transferred 
under the credit support annex. 
20.14 
Upon payment of all amounts payable under the Notes, the sums remaining in the Swap Termination 
Payment Account shall be paid according to the following order of priority: 
(i) first, to the Subordinated Loan Provider amounts payable in respect of accrued and unpaid interest 
on the Subordinated Loan (including, without limitation, overdue interest); 
(ii) second, to the Subordinated Loan Provider, until the aggregate principal amount of the Subordinated 
Loan has been reduced to zero; and 
(iii) third, all remaining excess to VW Bank Italy by way of a final success fee.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
21. 
ORDER OF PRIORITY 
21.1 
Prior to the full discharge of all obligations of the Issuer to the Transaction Creditors, the Available 
Distribution Amount and any credit in the Distribution Account and the Cash Collateral Account (other 
than repayments due to VW Bank Italy in accordance with Clause 12.2 (Payments, Repayment Claims) 
of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement) will be paid according to the following order of priority. 
Payments will be made on each Payment Date (provided that any obligations referred below under items 
first through fourth may be satisfied on any date other than a Payment Date). 
(i) 
First, amounts due and payable in respect of taxes (if any) by the Issuer;  
(ii) 
Second, amounts (excluding any payments under the Trustee Claim) due and payable to (i) the 
Security Trustee and (ii) any successor of the Security Trustee; 
(iii) 
Third, the Servicer Fee due and payable to the Servicer; 
(iv) 
Fourth, pro rata and pari passu amounts due and payable (i) to the directors of the Issuer; (ii) 
to the Corporate Services Provider under the Corporate Services Agreement; (iii) to the 
Calculation Agent, the Registrar, the Interest Determination Agent and the Principal Paying 
Agent under the Agency Agreement and to the Account Bank and the Cash Administrator under 
the Account Agreement; (iv) to the Collection Account Bank under the Collection Account Bank 
Agreement; (v) to the Rating Agencies the fees for the monitoring of the Issue; and (vi) to the 
Issuer in respect of other administration costs and expenses of the Issuer, including, without 
limitation, any costs relating to the listing of the Notes on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and the admission to trading of the Notes on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, any auditors' fees, any tax filing fees and any annual return or 
exempt company status fees;  
(v) 
Fifth, in or towards payment, pro rata and pari passu, amounts due and payable by the Issuer to 
the Swap Counterparty in respect of any Net Swap Payments or any Swap Termination 
Payments under a Swap Agreement entered into by the Issuer in relation to the Floating Rate 
Notes (provided that the Swap Counterparty under the respective Swap Agreement is not a 
"Defaulting Party" (as defined in the respective Swap Agreement) and there has been no 
termination of the transaction under the Swap Agreement due to a termination event relating to 
the Swap Counterparty's downgrade);  
(vi) 
Sixth, pro rata and pari passu amounts due and payable in respect of (a) interest accrued on the 
Notes during the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if 
any) on the Notes;  
(vii) 
Seventh, amounts payable to the Cash Collateral Account, until the General Cash Collateral 
Amount is equal to the Specified Cash Collateral Account Balance; 
(viii) 
Eighth, in or towards payment, pro rata and pari passu, of (1) the Amortisation Amounts to 
each Amortising Series of Notes and (2) during the Revolving Period, an amount equal to the 
Accumulation Amount to the Accumulation Account maintained for Non-Amortising Series of 
Notes;  
(ix) 
Ninth, in or towards payment, pro rata and pari passu, of amounts due and payable to (1) the 
Swap Counterparty under any Swap Agreement entered into by the Issuer in relation to the 
Floating Rate Notes other than payments made under item fifth above and (2) a Note Purchaser 
under the Note Purchase Agreement;  
(x) 
Tenth, pro rata and pari passu to the Subordinated Loan Provider, amounts due and payable in 
respect of interest on the Subordinated Loan both (a) accrued during the immediately preceding 
Interest Accrual Period and/or (b) unpaid on the immediately preceding Payment Date;  
(xi) 
Eleventh, pro rata and pari passu to the Subordinated Loan Provider, starting from the Payment 
Date falling 18 (eighteen) months after the relevant Issue Date, amounts due and payable in

--- Page 165 ---
165 
respect of principal on the Subordinated Loan by using the remaining Available Distribution 
Amount after having paid the amounts to be paid under items from (i) to (x) above; and  
(xii) 
Twelfth, to pay all remaining excess to VW Bank Italy as Servicer by way of an Additional 
Servicing Fee in accordance with the Servicing Agreement. 
21.2 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Clause 21.1 above, any obligations referred to in Clause 21.1 above 
under items first through fourth may be satisfied on any date other than a Payment Date from any funds 
available on the Accounts in the Order of Priority. 
22. 
CASH COLLATERAL ACCOUNT; ACCUMULATION ACCOUNT 
22.1 
Subject to the receipt of the proceeds from the issuance of the Initial Notes, the Issuer shall, on the Initial 
Issue Date, deposit an amount of EUR 20,000,000.00 (representing 1.00 per cent. of the Aggregate Cut-
off Date Discounted Receivables Balance of the Initial Purchased Receivables) as Initial Cash Collateral 
Amount into the Cash Collateral Account. The Cash Collateral Account shall be opened with the Account 
Bank and the Issuer shall at all times maintain such account with a bank having the Account Bank 
Required Ratings or an Account Bank Required Guarantee. 
22.2 
Interest accrued on the Cash Collateral Account will not be distributed but will remain credited to the 
Cash Collateral Account and shall be added to the General Cash Collateral Amount. On each Payment 
Date, amounts payable under item seventh according to the Order of Priority will be paid until the 
amounts of funds in the Cash Collateral Account equals the Specified Cash Collateral Account Balance. 
On each Payment Date, the General Cash Collateral Amount may be used: 
(A) 
to cover any shortfalls in the amounts payable under items first through sixth according to the 
Order of Priority; 
(B) 
to redeem the Notes on the earlier of (i) the Final Maturity Date or (ii) the Payment Date on 
which there are sufficient Available Distribution Amount which may be applied towards 
redemption in full of the Notes pursuant to the Order of Priority or (iii) the date on which the 
Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance has been reduced to zero for amounts payable under 
item eighth, tenth, eleventh and twelfth of the Order of Priority; and 
(C) 
to the extent and in the amounts as agreed with the Seller's auditors for the purposes of the 
Clean-Up Call. 
22.3 
If, subsequent to the Initial Issue Date:  
(A) 
the total amount of potential set-off risk resulting from depositor deposits with VW Bank Italy 
is greater than 1 per cent. of the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance; and 
(B) 
VW Bank Italy's long-term rating is lower than (a) “Baa3” by Moody's, or (b) “BBB” by S&P 
Global,  
VW Bank Italy shall provide collateral amounting to the potential set-off risk which shall be adjusted on 
a monthly basis (the "Set-Off Risk Reserve"). The Set-Off Risk Reserve shall be deposited in the Cash 
Collateral Account and shall be exclusively used to cover losses resulting from set-off risks in respect of 
the Purchased Receivables. 
22.4 
All funds in the Cash Collateral Account other than the unused amounts of the Set-Off Risk Reserve are 
referred to as the "General Cash Collateral Amount".  
22.5 
To the extent the Buffer Release Rate is zero (0) or a positive number, an amount equal to the Buffer 
Release Amount will be paid by the Issuer to the Seller by means of a deduction of such Buffer Release 
Amount from the Available Distribution Amount provided that no Early Amortisation Event has 
occurred.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
22.6 
Upon full and final discharge of all obligations under the Notes and the Subordinated Loan and upon 
fulfilment of all claims of all Transaction Creditors, VW Bank Italy shall be entitled to the sums that 
remain standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account. The Cash Collateral Account shall be closed 
as soon as all rights to the Security have been released or, as the case may be, realised after final payment 
in full of the Notes and the Subordinated Loan.  
22.7 
The Issuer has established at the Account Bank the Accumulation Account to collect during the 
Revolving Period payments as set forth under item eighth of the Order of Priority according to Clause 
21.1 (Order of Priority) above. During the Revolving Period, amounts on deposit in the Accumulation 
Account shall be used by the Issuer for the purchase of Additional Purchased Receivables from VW 
Bank Italy according to the terms for the purchase of the relevant Additional Receivables Purchase 
Agreement as set forth under the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. Interest earned on the 
Accumulation Account shall be paid to the Issuer in accordance with the relevant bank mandate and shall 
be part of the Available Distribution Amount. Upon the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event, the 
Accumulation Account shall be closed on the subsequent Payment Date and any amounts on deposit in 
the Accumulation Account shall be transferred on the subsequent Payment Date to the Distribution 
Account. 
23. 
RELATION TO THIRD PARTIES; OVERPAYMENT 
23.1 
In respect of the Security, the Order of Priority shall be binding on all Transaction Creditors of the Issuer. 
In respect of other assets of the Issuer, such Order of Priority shall only be applicable internally between 
the Transaction Creditors, the Security Trustee and the Issuer; in third party relationships, the rights of 
the Transaction Creditors and the Security Trustee shall have equal rank to those of the third-party 
creditors of the Issuer. 
23.2 
The orders of priority set forth in Clause 21 (Order of Priority) shall also be applicable, if the claims are 
transferred to a third party by assignment, subrogation into a contract, or otherwise. 
23.3 
All payments to Transaction Creditors shall be subject to the condition that, if a payment is made to a 
creditor in breach of the Order of Priority (such payment an "overpayment"), such creditor shall repay 
- with commercial effect to the relevant Payment Date - the amount received to the Security Trustee; the 
Security Trustee shall then pay - with commercial effect to the relevant Payment Date – out the money 
so received in the way that they were payable in accordance with the aforementioned Order of Priority 
on the relevant Payment Date. If such overpayment as regards a Funding is not repaid by the relevant 
Payment Date by such Transaction Creditor, following the overpayment or if the claim to repayment is 
not enforceable, the Security Trustee is authorised and obliged to adapt the distribution provisions 
pursuant to Clause 21 (Order of Priority) in such a way that any over- or underpayments made in breach 
of Clause 21 (Oder of Priority) are set off by correspondingly increased or decreased payments on such 
Payment Date (and, to the extent necessary, on all subsequent Payment Dates). 
PART F. 
DELEGATION; ADVISORS 
24. 
DELEGATION 
24.1 
In individual instances, the Security Trustee may, at market prices (if appropriate, after obtaining several 
offers), retain the services of a suitable law firm, credit institution or financial advisor to assist it in 
performing the duties assigned to it under this Agreement, by delegating the entire or partial performance 
of the following duties: 
(A) 
the undertaking of individual measures pursuant to Clause 1515 (Breach of Obligations by the 
Issuer), specifically the enforcement of certain claims against the Issuer or a Transaction 
Creditor; 
(B) 
the foreclosure on Security pursuant to Clause 17 (Foreclosure on the Security; Foreclosure 
Event);

--- Page 167 ---
167 
(C) 
the settlement of payments pursuant to Clause 18 (Payments upon Occurrence of a Foreclosure 
Event); and 
(D) 
the settlement of overpayments pursuant to Clause 23 (Relation to Third Parties; 
Overpayment). 
24.2 
If third parties are retained pursuant to Clause 24.1, the Security Trustee shall only be liable for the 
exercise of due care in the selection and supervision of the third party to a degree that the Security Trustee 
would exercise in its own affairs. The Security Trustee, however, shall not be liable for any negligence 
of the third party, provided that the Security Trustee has assigned his claims against the third party to the 
relevant damaged party of this Agreement. 
24.3 
The Security Trustee shall promptly notify the Rating Agencies of every retention of external parties 
pursuant to Clause 24.1. 
25. 
ADVISORS 
25.1 
The Security Trustee is authorised, in connection with the performance of its duties under the Funding 
and the other Transaction Documents, at its own discretion, to seek information and advice from legal 
counsel, financial consultants, banks and other experts in Germany or elsewhere (and irrespective of 
whether such Persons are already retained by the Security Trustee, the Issuer, a Transaction Creditor, or 
any other Person involved in the transactions under the Notes, the Subordinated Loan or the Transaction 
Documents), at market prices (if appropriate, after obtaining several offers). 
25.2 
The Security Trustee may rely on such information and such advice of such external advisors without 
having to make their own investigations. The Security Trustee shall not be liable for any damages or 
losses caused by acting in reliance on the information or the advice of such Persons. The Security Trustee 
shall not be liable for any negligence of such Persons. 
PART G. 
FEES; REIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES; INDEMNIFICATION; TAXES 
26. 
FEES 
26.1 
The Issuer will pay the Security Trustee a fee, the amount of which shall be separately agreed between 
the Issuer and the Security Trustee. 
26.2 
Upon the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event or a default of any party (other than the Security Trustee) to 
a Transaction Document which results in that the Security Trustee undertakes tasks, the Issuer shall pay 
or procure to be paid to the Security Trustee such additional remuneration as shall be agreed between 
them. In the event that the Issuer and the Security Trustee fail to agree as to whether and/or in which 
amount an additional remuneration shall be payable in accordance with the preceding sentence, such 
matters shall be determined by a bank, financial services institution or auditing firm of recognised 
standing (acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator) jointly determined by the Issuer and the Security 
Trustee. The determination made by such expert shall be final and binding upon the Issuer and the 
Security Trustee. It is understood that the additional tasks to be performed by the Security Trustee will 
not be delayed, but instead will be continued as if the Issuer and the Security Trustee would have agreed 
on a fee immediately. 
27. 
REIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES; ADVANCE 
The Issuer shall bear all reasonable costs and disbursements (including costs for legal advice and costs 
of other experts) incurred by the Security Trustee in connection with the performance of its duties under 
this Agreement, including the costs and disbursements in connection with the creation, holding, and 
foreclosure on the Security.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
28. 
RIGHT TO INDEMNIFICATION 
28.1 
The Issuer shall indemnify the Security Trustee against all losses, liabilities, obligations (including any 
taxes), actions in and out of court, and costs and disbursements incurred by the Security Trustee in 
connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Documents, unless such costs and expenses are 
incurred by the Security Trustee due to a breach of its standard of care pursuant to Clause 33 (Standard 
of Care). 
28.2 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Issuer shall have no obligation to indemnify 
the Security Trustee for any FATCA Deductions. 
28.3 
The Security Trustee shall not be bound to take any action under or in connection with this Agreement 
or any other Transaction Document or any document executed pursuant to any of them including, without 
limitation, forming any opinion or employing any agent, unless in all cases, it is fully indemnified or 
secured, and is reasonably satisfied that the Issuer will be able to honour any indemnity in accordance 
with the Order of Priority as set out in Clause 21 (Order of Priority) hereof, against all liabilities, 
proceedings, claims and demands to which it may be or become liable and all costs, charges and expenses 
which may be incurred by it in connection with them for which purpose the Security Trustee may require 
payment in advance of such liabilities being incurred of an amount which it considers (without prejudice 
to any further demand) sufficient to indemnify it or security satisfactory to it. 
29. 
TAXES 
29.1 
The Issuer shall bear all transfer taxes and other similar taxes or charges which are imposed in Italy on 
or in connection with (i) the creation, holding or foreclosure on Security, (ii) on any measure taken by 
the Security Trustee pursuant to the Conditions, the Subordinated Loan or the Transaction Documents, 
and (iii) the Issue of the Notes, the execution of the Subordinated Loan Agreement or the execution of 
the other Transaction Documents. 
29.2 
All payments of fees and reimbursements of reasonable expenses to the Security Trustee shall include 
any turnover taxes, value added taxes or similar taxes, other than taxes on the Security Trustee's overall 
income, profits or gains or any FATCA Deduction, which are imposed in the future on the services of 
the Security Trustee. 
PART H. 
REPLACEMENT OF THE SECURITY TRUSTEE 
30. 
TERMINATION BY THE SECURITY TRUSTEE FOR GOOD CAUSE 
30.1 
The Security Trustee may resign from its office as Security Trustee for good cause (aus wichtigem 
Grund) at any time provided that upon or prior to its resignation the Security Trustee on behalf of the 
Issuer, appoints a reputable bank in Germany or a reputable German auditing company and/or fiduciary 
company as successor and such appointee who (i) needs to be experienced in the business of security 
trusteeship in Italy and Germany, (ii) assumes all rights and obligations arising from this Agreement and 
(iii) has been furnished with all authorities and powers that have been granted to the Security Trustee. 
30.2 
Without prejudice to the obligation of the Security Trustee to appoint a successor in accordance with 
Clause 30.1 above, the Issuer shall be authorised to make such appointment in lieu of the Security 
Trustee. 
30.3 
The appointment of the new Security Trustee pursuant to Clause 30.1 and 30.2 shall only take effect if 
(i) VW Bank Italy consents to the appointment of the proposed new Security Trustee or withholds such 
consent unreasonably; and (ii) the Issuer consents to the appointment of the proposed new Security 
Trustee or withholds such consent unreasonably. Consent pursuant to paragraph (i) above is granted if 
the Issuer or the Security Trustee requests VW Bank Italy in writing for consent to the appointment and 
consent is not refused by VW Bank Italy within five (5) Business Days of having received the request or 
proof of reasonable cause for refusing to give consent is not provided within five (5) Business Days after 
VW Bank Italy receives the request. Consent pursuant to paragraph (ii) shall be deemed granted if the 
Security Trustee requests the Issuer in writing for consent to the appointment and consent or proof of

--- Page 169 ---
169 
reasonable cause for refusing to give consent is not provided within five (5) Business Days after the 
Issuer receives the request. 
30.4 
A termination pursuant to Clause 30.1 above notwithstanding, the rights and obligations of the Security 
Trustee shall continue until the appointment of the new Security Trustee has become effective and the 
rights pursuant to Clause 32 (Transfer of Security, Costs; Publication) have been assigned to it. 
30.5 
The outgoing Security Trustee shall, in case of a termination, reimburse (on a pro rata basis) to the Issuer 
any up-front fees paid by the Issuer for periods after the date on which the substitution of the Security 
Trustee is taking effect. In case of a termination by the Issuer for good cause (aus wichtigem Grund) 
which is attributable to a breach by the Security Trustee of its standard of care set out in Clause 33 
(Standard of Care) hereof, the outgoing Security Trustee shall reimburse the Issuer for the costs 
(including legal costs and administration costs) or pay any costs incurred for the purpose of appointing a 
New Security Trustee up to a maximum amount of EUR 20,000. Such replacement cost shall cover any 
and all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the replacement of Intertrust Trustees GmbH as 
Security Trustee. 
31. 
REPLACEMENT OF THE SECURITY TRUSTEE 
The Issuer shall be authorised and obliged to replace the Security Trustee with a reputable bank or a 
reputable German auditing company and/or law firm and/or a fiduciary company who needs to be 
experienced in the business of security trusteeship in Germany, if the Issuer has been so instructed in 
writing by (i) a Noteholder or Noteholders together owning at least 25 per cent. of the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of all Notes or (ii) the Subordinated Loan Provider. The Issuer shall notify 
VW Bank Italy and the Rating Agencies within thirty (30) calendar days upon receipt of such request to 
replace the Security Trustee. 
32. 
TRANSFER OF SECURITY; COSTS; PUBLICATION 
32.1 
In the case of a replacement of the Security Trustee pursuant to Clause 30 or Clause 31, the Security 
Trustee shall forthwith transfer the Security it holds as fiduciary under this Agreement, as well as its 
Trustee Claim under Clause 4 (including the pledged rights granted for the same pursuant to Clause 6) 
in its capacity as trustee to the new Security Trustee. Without prejudice to this obligation, the Issuer is 
hereby irrevocably authorised to effect such transfer on behalf of the Security Trustee, subject to the 
condition set forth in the first sentence. 
32.2 
The costs and expenses incurred in connection with replacing of the Security Trustee pursuant to 
Clause 30 or Clause 31 shall be borne by the Issuer. If the replacement pursuant to Clause 30 or 
Clause 31 is caused by a violation of obligations of the Security Trustee as set out in Clause 33 hereof, 
the Issuer shall be entitled, without prejudice to any additional rights, to demand damages from the 
Security Trustee in the amount of such costs and expenses. Any cost and expenses incurred in connection 
with replacing of the Security Trustee shall be limited to an amount of EUR 20,000, provided that any 
additional rights to demand damages from the Security Trustee shall not be limited to such amount. 
32.3 
The appointment of a New Security Trustee in accordance with Clause 30 or Clause 31 shall be 
published without delay in accordance with the Conditions of the Notes, and the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement or, if this is not possible, in any other appropriate way. 
32.4 
The Security Trustee shall provide the New Security Trustee with a report regarding its activities within 
the framework of this Agreement. 
PART I. 
LIABILITY OF THE SECURITY TRUSTEE 
33. 
STANDARD OF CARE 
The Security Trustee shall be liable for breach of its obligations under this Agreement only if and to the 
extent that it fails to meet the standard of care which it would exercise in its own affairs (Sorgfalt in 
eigenen Angelegenheiten).

--- Page 170 ---
170 
34. 
EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY 
The Security Trustee shall not be liable for (i) any action or failure to act of the Issuer or of other parties 
to the Transaction Documents (including to the extent performed on behalf of the Security Trustee), 
(ii) the Notes, the Subordinated Loan, the Purchased Receivables and the Loan Collateral, the Security 
and the other Transaction Documents being or not being legal, valid, binding, or enforceable, or for the 
fairness of the provisions set forth in the Notes, the Subordinated Loan Agreement or in the 
aforementioned Transaction Documents, (iii) a loss of documents related to the Loan Collateral unless 
attributable to a violation of the standard of care set out in Clause 33 above of the Security Trustee and 
(iv) – without prejudice to the provisions of Clause 15 – the Seller's failure to meet all or part of its 
contractual obligations to submit documents to the Security Trustee. In addition, no shareholder, officer 
or director of the Security Trustee shall incur any personal liability as a result of the performance or non-
performance by the Security Trustee of its obligations hereunder. Any recourse against such a 
shareholder, officer or director is excluded accordingly, save for any such shareholder's, officer's or 
director's own gross negligence (grobe Fahrlässigkeit) or willful misconduct (Vorsatz). 
PART J. 
UNDERTAKINGS OF THE ISSUER 
35. 
UNDERTAKINGS OF THE ISSUER IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITY 
The Issuer undertakes vis-à-vis the Security Trustee: 
(A) 
not to sell the Security and to refrain from all actions and failure to act (excluding the collection 
and enforcement of the Security in the ordinary course of business) which may result in a 
significant (wesentlichen) decrease in the aggregate value or in a loss of the Security; to the 
extent that there are indications that a Transaction Creditor does not properly fulfil its 
obligations under a Transaction Document, the Issuer will in particular exercise the due care 
from a prudent merchant (Sorgfalt eines ordentlichen Kaufmanns) to take all necessary action 
to prevent the Security or their value from being jeopardised; 
(B) 
upon request of the Security Trustee, to mark in its accounting records the transfer for security 
purposes and the pledge to the Security Trustee and to disclose to third parties having a legal 
interest in becoming aware of the transfer for security purposes and the pledge that the transfer 
for security purposes and the pledge has taken place; 
(C) 
promptly to notify the Security Trustee if the rights of the Security Trustee in the Security are 
impaired or jeopardised by way of an attachment or other actions of third parties, by sending a 
copy of the attachment or transfer order or of any other document on which the enforcement of 
the third party is based, as well as all further documents which are required or useful to enable 
the Security Trustee to file proceedings and take other actions in defence of its rights. In 
addition, the Issuer shall promptly inform the attachment creditor and other third parties in 
writing of the rights of the Security Trustee in the Security; 
(D) 
to permit the Security Trustee or its representatives to inspect its books and records at any time 
during usual business hours for purposes of verifying and enforcing the Security, to give any 
information necessary for such purpose, and to make the relevant records available for 
inspection; and 
(E) 
following the downgrade of the Swap Counterparty's rating, to open and maintain the 
Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account with the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral 
Account Bank. 
36. 
OTHER UNDERTAKINGS OF THE ISSUER 
The Issuer undertakes to: 
(A) 
promptly notify the Security Trustee in writing if circumstances occur which constitute a 
Foreclosure Event pursuant to Clause 17 (Foreclosure on the Security; Foreclosure Event);

--- Page 171 ---
171 
(B) 
submit to the Security Trustee at least once a year and in any event not later than 120 days after 
the end of its fiscal year and at any time upon demand within five days a certificate signed by a 
director of the Issuer in which such director, in good faith and to the best of his/her knowledge 
based on the information available represents, on behalf of the Issuer, that during the period 
between the date the preceding certificate was submitted (or, in the case of the first certificate, 
the date of this Agreement) and the date on which the relevant certificate is submitted, the Issuer 
has fulfilled its obligations under the Notes, the Subordinated Loan Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents or (if this is not the case) specifies the details of any breach; 
(C) 
give the Security Trustee at any time such other information it may reasonably demand for the 
purpose of performing its duties under this Agreement; 
(D) 
send to the Security Trustee one copy in the German or the English language of any balance 
sheet, any profit and loss accounts, any report or notice, or any other memorandum sent out by 
the Issuer to its shareholders either at the time of the mailing of those documents to the 
shareholders or as soon as possible thereafter; 
(E) 
send or have sent to the Security Trustee a copy of any notice given in accordance with the 
Conditions and/or the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement immediately, or at the latest 
on the day of the publication of such notice; 
(F) 
ensure that the Principal Paying Agent notifies the Security Trustee immediately if it does not 
receive the moneys needed to discharge in full any obligation to repay the full or partial principal 
amount due to the Noteholders and/or the Subordinated Loan Provider on any Payment Date; 
(G) 
have at all times at least one director independent from the Seller and the Issuer's shareholders; 
(H) 
correct any known misunderstanding regarding its separate identity; 
(I) 
conduct its own business in its own name; and 
(J) 
at all times ensure that its central management and control is exercised in the Republic of Italy. 
37. 
ACTIONS OF THE ISSUER REQUIRING CONSENT 
As long as the Notes and the Subordinated Loan are outstanding, the Issuer is not authorised without 
prior written consent of the Security Trustee to: 
(A) 
engage in any business or activities other than: 
(1) 
the performance of the obligations under this Agreement, the Notes, the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and under any other agreements 
which have been entered into in connection with the Funding; 
(2) 
the enforcement of its rights; 
(3) 
the performance of any acts which are necessary or useful in connection with 
paragraph (1) or (2) above; and 
(4) 
the execution of all further documents and undertaking of all other actions, at any time 
and to the extent permitted by law, which, in the opinion of the Security Trustee, are 
necessary or desirable with respect to the reasonable interests of the Noteholders or the 
Subordinated Loan Provider in order to ensure that the Conditions or the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement are always valid; 
(B) 
hold, permit to subsist any subsidiary nor form or acquire any subsidiary (unless in the case of 
a substitution of the Issuer pursuant to the Conditions and the Subordinated Loan Agreement);

--- Page 172 ---
172 
(C) 
dispose or pledge of any assets or any part thereof or interest therein and/or make, incur, assume 
or suffer to exist any loan, advance or guarantee to any person, unless provided otherwise in 
Clause 37(A); 
(D) 
pay dividends or make any other distribution to its quotaholder; 
(E) 
incur, create, assume or suffer to exist or otherwise become or be liable in respect of any 
indebtedness, whether present or future; 
(F) 
have any employees or own any real estate assets; 
(G) 
create or permit to subsist any mortgages, or – notwithstanding of its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents – any liens, pledges or similar rights; 
(H) 
consolidate or merge; 
(I) 
materially amend its Articles of Incorporation; 
(J) 
issue new shares and acquire shares; 
(K) 
open new accounts (other than contemplated in the Transaction Documents); 
(L) 
change its country of incorporation; 
(M) 
effect a substitution of the Issuer pursuant to the Conditions of the Notes and the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement; 
(N) 
permit its assets to become commingled with those of any other party; or 
(O) 
acquire obligations or securities of its Affiliates. 
PART K. 
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
38. 
AMENDMENTS 
38.1 
VW Bank Italy shall be entitled to amend any term or provision of this Agreement including this 
Clause 38.1 with the consent of the Issuer and the Security Trustee but without the consent of any 
Noteholder, any Swap Counterparty, the Arranger, the Subordinated Loan Provider or any other Person, 
provided that such amendment shall only become valid, 
(A) 
if it is notified to the Arranger, the Security Trustee and the Rating Agencies and the Issuer and 
VW Bank Italy have received a confirmation from (x) the Security Trustee that in the sole 
professional judgment of the Security Trustee, such amendment will not be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of any such Transaction Creditor; and (y) from the Rating Agencies 
that the ratings then assigned to the Notes will not be adversely affected by such amendment; 
(B) 
if any of the amendments relate to the amount, the currency or the timing of the cash-flow 
received by the Issuer under the Purchased Receivables, the application of such cash-flow by 
the Issuer, or the ranking of the Swap Counterparty in the Order of Priority, then the consent of 
the Swap Counterparty will be required; and 
(C) 
in case of amendments which materially and adversely affect the interests of the Issuer, the 
Security Trustee, the Swap Counterparty and/or the Subordinated Loan Provider, if such 
Transaction Parties that are materially and adversely affected have consented to such 
amendment.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
38.2 
(A) 
By agreement between the Swap Counterparty and the Issuer, each of the Swap Counterparty 
and the Issuer shall be entitled: 
(1) 
to amend the Swap Agreements to ensure that the terms hereof, and the parties 
obligations thereunder, are in compliance with Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 4 July 2012 on OTC derivatives, central 
counterparties and trade repositories, known as the European Market Infrastructure 
Regulation ("EMIR") and/or the then subsisting technical standards under EMIR; or 
(2) 
to amend or waive (subject at all times to Article 15 (Dispute resolution), Chapter VII 
of the technical standards under EMIR (which relate to, inter alia, non-financial 
counterparties, risk-mitigation techniques for over the counter derivative contracts not 
cleared by a central counterparty) any of the time periods set out Part 6(c) of the 
schedule to the Swap Agreements. 
(B) 
The Servicer or the relevant Transaction Party(ies), as the case may be, and the Issuer shall be 
entitled to amend the Servicing Agreement or any other Transaction Documents to ensure that 
the terms hereof, and the parties obligations thereunder, are in compliance with EMIR and/or 
the then subsisting technical standards under EMIR. 
Amendments pursuant to this Clause 38.2 are subject to the consent of the Issuer but do not require the 
consent of any Noteholder, the Subordinated Loan Provider or any other Person, provided that such 
amendment or waiver shall only become valid if it is notified to the Security Trustee and the Rating 
Agencies, and the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty or the Servicer or the relevant Transaction Party(ies), 
as the case maybe, have received a confirmation from the Security Trustee that in the sole professional 
judgement of the Security Trustee, such amendment or waiver will not be materially prejudicial to the 
interests of any such Transaction Creditor. 
38.3 
The Security Trustee shall have the right to request a reputable international law firm in the relevant 
jurisdiction to confirm the legal validity of such amendment and/or to describe the legal effects of such 
amendment and to incur reasonable expenses for such consultation which shall be reimbursed by VW 
Bank Italy. 
38.4 
This Agreement may also be amended from time to time with prior notification to the Rating Agencies 
in accordance with the provisions set out in §§4 to 22 of the German Debenture Act (Gesetz über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen) with the consent of (a) the Issuer and (b) the Noteholders 
evidencing not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes of each Series, for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or 
eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement or of modifying in any manner the rights of the 
Noteholders; (x) provided that no such amendment shall reduce the interest rate or principal amount of 
any Note or delay the Scheduled Repayment Date or Final Maturity Date of any Note without the consent 
of all Noteholders of the relevant Series of Notes and (y) provided further that if any of the amendments 
relate to the amount, the currency or the timing of the cash-flow received by VW Bank Italy under the 
Purchased Receivables, the application of such cash-flow by the Issuer, or the ranking of the Swap 
Counterparty in the Order of Priority, or materially and adversely affects the interests of the Swap 
Counterparty, then the consent of the Swap Counterparty will be required. In respect of Clause 38.1(B) 
above, the manner of obtaining such consents may be either a meeting of holders of Notes of the relevant 
Series or by way of a decision without a meeting of Noteholders of the relevant Series (einer Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung), in each case as further provided in §§4 to 22 of the German Debenture Act (Gesetz 
über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen). The manner of obtaining any other consents of 
Noteholders of the relevant Series provided for in this Agreement and of evidencing the authorisation of 
the execution thereof by Noteholders of the relevant Series will be subject to such reasonable 
requirements as the Security Trustee may prescribe, including the establishment of record dates. 
39. 
CONDITION PRECEDENT 
This Agreement is subject to the condition precedent that the Issue occurs. If by the Initial Issue Date 
this has not been done then this Agreement shall lose all effect by operation of law.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement is duly executed and delivered on the date and the year first above 
written.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
MASTER DEFINITIONS SCHEDULE 
The following is the text of the Master Definitions Schedule. The text is attached to the Conditions of the Notes 
and constitutes an integral part of the Conditions of the Notes. In case of any overlap or inconsistency in the 
definitions of a term or expression in the Master Definitions Schedule and elsewhere in the Base Prospectus, the 
definitions of the Conditions of the Notes will prevail. 
MASTER DEFINITIONS SCHEDULE 
1. 
DEFINITIONS  
1.1 
The parties to this master definitions schedule (the "Master Definitions Schedule") agree that, except 
where expressly stated to the contrary or where the context otherwise requires, the definitions set out 
below shall apply to terms or expressions referred to but not otherwise defined in each Transaction 
Document.  
"Accession Agreement" means an accession agreement entered into by a new Note Purchaser or a new 
Swap Counterparty, the Security Trustee and the Seller after the Closing Date, substantially in the form 
as set out in the Schedule to the Incorporated Terms Memorandum. 
"Account Agreement" means the account agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date 
between the Issuer, the Account Bank, the Cash Administrator and the Security Trustee governing the 
Accounts, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Account Bank" means The Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch and any successor or assignee 
thereto in accordance with the Account Agreement. 
"Account Bank Required Guarantee" means a guarantee that satisfies the rating criteria published by 
the Rating Agencies and applicable to guarantees, as in effect from time to time, and is provided in 
respect of the Account Bank by a party with: 
(a) 
a long-term rating of at least “A” from S&P Global together with a short-term rating from S&P 
Global of at least “A-1” or a long-term rating from S&P Global of at least “A+”; and 
(b) 
a short-term rating of “P-1” or a long-term rating of at least “A2” from Moody's. 
"Account Bank Required Rating" means: 
(a) 
a long-term rating of at least “A” from S&P Global together with a short-term rating from S&P 
Global of at least “A-1” or a long-term rating from S&P Global of at least “A+”; and 
(b) 
a long-term rating of at least “A2” from Moody's and a short-term rating of at least “P-1” from 
Moody's. 
"Accounts" means the Distribution Account, the Cash Collateral Account, the Accumulation Account, 
the Swap Termination Payment Account and, following the downgrade of the Swap Counterparty's 
rating, the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account, collectively. 
"Accrued Interest" means in respect of a Note and on any date, the Note interest which has accrued up 
to such date. 
"Accumulation Account" means the account specified in Clause 3.1 (The Accounts) of the Account 
Agreement. 
"Accumulation Amount" means, on any Payment Date during the Revolving Period, the lesser of (a) 
the Notes Cash Component and (b) the Available Redemption Collections.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
"Additional Discounted Receivables Balance” means, on each relevant Additional Purchase Date, 
during the Revolving Period, the present value of the Additional Purchased Receivables calculated using 
the Discount Rate to be purchased under the relevant Additional Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Additional Purchase Date" means a Payment Date falling in the Revolving Period on which the 
Additional Purchased Receivables are purchased by the Issuer in accordance with an Additional 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Additional Purchased Receivables" means the Purchased Receivables purchased by the Issuer from 
the Seller in accordance with the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and the relevant Additional 
Receivables Purchase Agreement during the Revolving Period. 
"Additional Receivables Purchase Agreement" means any agreement executed by and between the 
Seller and the Issuer during the Revolving Period for the transfer of Additional Purchased Receivables. 
"Additional Receivables Purchase Price" means means the purchase price in respect of Additional 
Purchased Receivables which shall be equal the sum of (i) (a) the Additional Discounted Receivables 
Balance of the Additional Purchased Receivables sold under the Additional Receivables Purchase 
Agreement less the Replenished Additional Discounted Receivables Balance, multiplied by (b) one (1) 
minus 2.48 per cent., less, (where applicable) amounts required for the crediting of the Cash Collateral 
Account with the respective Cash Collateral Amount and (ii) (a) the Replenished Additional Discounted 
Receivables Balance multiplied by (b) one (1) minus the Further Purchased Receivables 
Overcollateralisation Percentage. 
"Additional Servicing Fee" means the fee to be paid by the Issuer to the Servicer pursuant to clause 7.4 
of the Servicing Agreement. 
"Adjustment Spread" means in respect of €STR an adjustment spread which is recommended by a 
responsible authority or used in a material number of bonds after determination of a Benchmark Event 
and designed to eliminate or minimise any potential transfer of value between parties when the Substitute 
Reference Rate is applied and eliminate or minimise the risk of manipulation. 
"Adverse Claim" mean any mortgage, charge, pledge, hypothecation, lien, floating charge or other 
security interest or encumbrance or other right or claim under the laws of any jurisdiction, of or on any 
Person’s assets or properties in favour of any other Person (including, for avoidance of doubt, the 
Purchased Receivables (and any funds deriving therefrom) and the related Loan Collateral). 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any Person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly by the Person, 
any entity that controls, directly or indirectly the Person or any entity directly or indirectly under common 
control with such Person (for this purpose, "control" of any entity of Person means ownership of a 
majority of the voting power of the entity or Person). 
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date 
between the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Security Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Interest Determination Agent, the Listing Agent and the Registrar. 
"Agents" means the Calculation Agent, the Interest Determination Agent and the Principal Paying Agent, 
and "Agent" means any one of them. 
"Aggregate Date Discounted Receivables Balance" means the sum of the Cut-Off Date Discounted 
Receivables Balance of all the Purchased Receivables. 
"Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance" means the sum of the Discounted Receivables Balances 
of the Purchased Receivables. 
"Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance Shortfall" has the meaning given to such term in 
Clause 16.5 of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Amortisation Amount" means, for any Series of Notes, an amount calculated as follows:

--- Page 177 ---
177 
(a) 
if on the relevant Payment Date all of the outstanding Series of Notes are Non-Amortising Series 
of Notes, zero; or 
(b) 
where on the relevant Payment Date some of the outstanding Series of Notes but not all Series of 
Notes are Amortising Series then for any Series of Notes which on the relevant Payment Date 
qualifies as an Amortising Series for the first time (such Payment Date with respect to such Series 
referred to as the "Series Amortisation Date"), the Amortisation Amount applicable to such 
Series with respect to all Payment Dates following such qualification shall be determined as the 
lesser of (i) the principal amount outstanding of such Series and (ii) the product of (1) the 
difference between (A) the Available Redemption Collections and (B) the sum of the Amortisation 
Amounts in respect of the other Amortising Series of Notes with an earlier Series Amortisation 
Date and (2) the Amortisation Factor applicable to such Amortising Series; or 
(c) 
if on the relevant Payment Date all Series of Notes are Amortising Series, the Amortisation 
Amount for any Series of Notes will be determined as the product of (i) the Principal Payment 
Amount multiplied by (ii) the ratio of the principal amount outstanding of the relevant Amortising 
Series of Notes on such Payment Date as numerator and the sum of the principal amount 
outstanding of all Series of Notes on such Payment Date as denominator. 
"Amortisation Factor" means, with respect to an Amortising Series and a certain Payment Date, the 
ratio of the principal amount outstanding of such Amortising Series of Notes immediately before it 
commences amortisation as numerator and the sum of the principal amount outstanding of all Non-
Amortising Series of Notes issued on the day immediately preceding the commencement of the 
amortisation of such Amortising Series as denominator, stated as a percentage.  
"Amortising Series" means, on any Payment Date,  
(a) 
any Series of Notes for which prior to such Payment Date the Series Revolving Period 
Expiration Date has occurred, or  
(b) 
following the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event, all Series of Notes. 
"Applicable Insolvency Law" means any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law 
affecting creditors' rights now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction. 
"Arranger" means UniCredit Bank GMBH. 
"AutoCredit Loans" means the loans deriving from the AutoCredit Loan Contracts. 
"AutoCredit Loan Contract" means a Balloon Loan Contract in respect of which the Person to whom 
the Seller has advanced the relevant auto loan has been granted with the option to perform her/his 
obligation to pay the Balloon Instalment by returning the relevant vehicle in accordance with the 
respective Maxi Rata Option Agreement. 
"Available Distribution Amount" means on each Payment Date shall equal the sum of the following 
amounts (without double counting): 
(a) all Collections received or collected by the Servicer in respect of the Purchased Receivables during 
the immediately preceding Monthly Period; plus 
(b) all amounts received by the Issuer from the Seller pursuant to the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement and any Additional Receivables Purchase Agreement during the immediately preceding 
Monthly Period; plus 
(c) interest accrued on the Distribution Account and on the Accumulation Account; plus 
(d) Net Swap Receipts under the Swap Agreements entered into in relation to the Floating Rate Notes 
and any other amounts included in the Available Distribution Amount pursuant to Clause 20 
(Distribution Account, Accumulation Account and Swap Provisions) of the Trust Agreement; plus

--- Page 178 ---
178 
(e) any amounts credited to the drawings from the Cash Collateral Account; plus 
(f) any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Available 
Distribution Amount) received by the Issuer from any party to the Transaction Documents during 
the immediately preceding Monthly Period (including (a) any proceeds received by the Issuer from 
the sale of any Purchased Receivables made in accordance with the Transaction Documents, (b) the 
proceeds deriving from the sale of the Purchased Receivables to the Seller upon exercise by it of 
the Clean-Up Call in accordance with the Transaction Documents and (c) any indemnity which the 
Issuer may directly recover from third parties); plus 
(g) after the termination of the Revolving Period and prior to the service of an Enforcement Notice, any 
amounts standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account equal to the difference between the 
General Cash Collateral Amount and the Specified Cash Collateral Account Balance; plus 
(h) payments from the Cash Collateral Account as provided for in Clause 22 (Cash Collateral Account, 
Accumulation Account) of the Trust Agreement; plus 
(i) any other amounts standing to the credit of the Distribution Account; plus 
(j) in case of the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event or after termination of the Revolving 
Period, transfers from the Accumulation Account to the Distribution Account pursuant to 
Clause 22.4 (Cash Collateral Account, Accumulation Account) of the Trust Agreement; plus 
(k) during the Revolving Period, the amounts credited to the Accumulation Account on the immediately 
preceding Payment Date; less 
(l) the Buffer Release Amount, provided that no Early Amortisation Event has occurred. 
"Available Redemption Collections" means an amount that is equal to the Available Distribution 
Amount less any amounts due and payable on the relevant Payment Date under items first through fourth 
of the Order of Priority. 
"Balloon Receivable" means a Receivable with a final balloon instalment. 
"Base Prospectus" means the base prospectus dated on or about the Initial Issue Date prepared in 
connection with the Notes. 
"Benchmark Event" means any of the following (i) a public statement by the European Money Markets 
Institute that it will cease publishing EURIBOR or it will not be included in the register under Article 36 
of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed or where there is no mandatory administration), or (ii) a public 
statement by ESMA that EURIBOR has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or (iii) 
the applicability of any law or any other legal provision, or of any administrative or judicial order, decree 
or other binding measure, pursuant to which the EURIBOR may no longer be used as a reference rate to 
determine the payment obligations under the Notes and/or under the Swap Agreements, or pursuant to 
which any such use is subject to not only immaterial restrictions or adverse consequences. 
"Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (as 
amended, restated or supplemented. 
"Borrower" means, in respect of a Receivable, a Person (including consumers and businesses) to whom 
the Seller has advanced one or more auto loans on the terms of a Loan Contract and, in relation to the 
Receivables deriving from the AutoCredit Loan Contracts, it means also (i) each relevant original dealer 
for the payment of the balloon instalment in accordance with the relevant provisions set forth under the 
Maxi Rata Option Agreement executed by such original dealer and (ii) any new dealer (proposed by 
Volkswagen Group for the replacement of an original dealer) that undertakes to pay the balloon 
instalment for such AutoCredit Loan Contract after collection of the relevant vehicle.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
"Borrowing Base Cure Amount" has the meaning given to such term in Clause 16.5 of the Master 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Buffer Release Amount" means on any Payment Date and to the extent the Buffer Release Rate is zero 
(0) or a positive number, the product of (a) the Buffer Release Rate, and (b) the Aggregate Discounted 
Receivables Balance. 
"Buffer Release Rate" means On any Payment Date, (a) a percentage rate per annum calculated as (i) 
the Discount Rate, less (ii) the weighted average (calculated based on the outstanding principal amount 
of the Notes and the outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated Loan as of the end of the Monthly 
Period) of the of the fixed rates (stated as a percentage) payable by the Issuer under the Swap Agreements 
entered into by the Issuer in relation to the Floating Rate Notes and an estimate of the hypothetical swap 
fixed rate (being higher than the fixed rates under the Swap Agreements) theoretically needed to swap 
the floating rate interest payments under the Subordinated Loan, less (iii) the Servicer Fee at a rate of 
1.00 per cent. per annum, less (iv) 0.03 per cent. for administrative costs and fees, divided by (b) 12. 
"Business Day" means any day on which the T2 System is open for business, unless such day is not a 
day on which banks are open for business both in Milan and London, provided that the 7th of December 
of each year shall be considered not to be a Business Day. 
"Calculation Agent" means The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch and any successor or 
assignee thereto in accordance with the Agency Agreement. 
"Calculation Check Notice" shall mean a notice to be supplied by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
Clause 6 (The Calculation Agent) of the Agency Agreement in writing. 
"Calculation Checks" means the checks of the Relevant Calculations to be performed by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to Clause 6 (The Calculation Agent) of the Agency Agreement. 
"Cash Administration Services" means the services set forth in Clause 8.2 (Appointment of the Cash 
Administrator) of the Account Agreement. 
"Cash Administrator" means The Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch and any successor or 
assignee thereto in accordance with the Agency Agreement. 
"Cash Collateral Account" means the account specified in Clause 3.1 (The Accounts) of the Account 
Agreement. 
"Cash Collateral Amount" means an amount equal to 1.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount of the 
Notes. 
"CET" means Central European Time as being the local time in Frankfurt am Main and Luxembourg. 
"Check Information" has the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 6.3(a) (The Calculation Agent) 
of the Agency Agreement. 
"ClassicCredit" means a Loan Contract under which the relevant Borrower will repay the loan by fixed 
monthly instalments. 
"Clean-Up Call" means, with respect to the Notes, VW Bank Italy's right at its option to exercise a clean-
up call when the Clean-Up Call Condition is satisfied. 
"Clean-Up Call Conditions" means, under the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, VW Bank Italy 
will have the option to exercise a Clean-Up Call and to repurchase the Purchased Receivables from the 
Issuer on any Payment Date, with reference to the end of the immediately preceding Monthly Period, 
falling on or after the date which is the earlier of (i) the date on which the Aggregate Discounted 
Receivables Balance has been reduced to less than 10% of the Maximum Discounted Receivables 
Balance and (ii) the date on which the Notes are redeemed in full, provided that all payment obligations 
under the Notes will be thereby fulfilled.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
"Clean-Up Call Settlement Amount" has the meaning ascribed to such term under clause 10.6 of the 
Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Clearstream Luxembourg" means the Clearstream clearance system for internationally traded 
securities operated by Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-
1885 Luxembourg, and any successor thereto. 
"COBS" means the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook. 
"Closing Date" means the Initial Issue Date. 
"Collection Account" means the account specified in Clause 3 (Operation of the Collection Account) of 
the Collection Account Bank Agreement. 
"Collection Account Bank" means VW Bank Italy and any successor or assignee thereto in accordance 
with the Collection Account Bank Agreement. 
"Collection Account Bank Agreement" means the agreement executed on or about the Initial Issue 
Date between the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Collection Account Bank and the Security Trustee. 
"Collection Date" means, in respect of the Purchased Receivables, the date on which the Servicer makes 
the reconciliation of the relevant Collection. 
"Collections" means (i) all amounts received by the Servicer or any other person in respect of any amount 
due under the Purchased Receivables transferred to the Issuer and any other amounts whatsoever received 
by the Servicer or any other person in respect of the Purchased Receivables (in respect of Principal, 
Interest, Default Interest, Insurance Proceeds (provided that they relate to the Purchased Receivables)), 
as of the relevant Collection Date, plus (ii) the Interest Compensation Payments, the Settlement Amounts 
and the Clean-Up Settlement Amounts paid by VW Bank Italy to the Issuer and minus (iii) the Interest 
Compensation Payments paid by the Issuer to VW Bank Italy. For the avoidance of doubt, following the 
Monthly Collateral Start Date, Collections shall include the Monthly Collateral Part 1 and Monthly 
Collateral Part 2 posted by VW Bank Italy into the Distribution Account in accordance with its 
obligations under the Servicing Agreement, as adjusted to reflect actual Collections received in respect 
of the relevant Monthly Period. 
"Common Safekeeper" or "CSK" means the entity appointed by the ICSDs to provide safekeeping for 
the Notes under the new safekeeping structure (NSS). 
"Common Services Provider" or "CSP" means the entity appointed by the ICSDs to provide asset 
servicing for the Notes under the new safekeeping structure (NSS). 
"Common Terms" means the common terms set out under the heading Common Terms in the 
Incorporated Terms Memorandum and incorporated into the Transaction Documents by reference. 
"Conditions" means the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
"CONSOB" means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa. 
"Corporate Services Agreement" means the agreement executed on the Signing Date between the 
Issuer and the Corporate Services Provider. 
"Corporate Services Provider" means Zenith Global S.p.A. and any successor or assignor thereto in 
accordance with the Corporate Services Agreement. 
"CRA3" means Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 
September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 and by 
Regulation (EU) No 462/2013.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
"CRR" means Regulation Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012. 
"CRR Amending Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/2401 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council amending the CRR. 
"CSSF" means the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier of Luxembourg. 
"Cumulative Gross Loss Ratio" means for any Payment Date, with reference to the end of the 
immediately preceding Monthly Period, the ratio expressed as a percentage between, (i) the numerator 
of which is the sum of the Discounted Receivables Balance of all Purchased Receivables (including the 
Purchased Receivables which were not received on time and the Purchased Receivables remaining to be 
paid in the future) whose Loan Contracts were terminated by the Servicer in accordance with its 
customary practices from time to time in effect from the Cut-off Date through the end of the Monthly 
Period including any Purchased Receivables that were sold and whose Loan Contracts have later been 
terminated and (ii) the denominator of which is the Aggregate Date Discounted Receivables Balance. 
"Cumulative Gross Loss Ratio Threshold" shall be deemed to be in effect if the Cumulative Gross 
Loss Ratio exceeds (i) 0.70 per cent. for any Payment Date during or after June 2024 but prior to or 
during June 2025; (ii) 2.00 per cent. for any Payment Date after June 2025 but prior to or during June 
2026; or (iii) 2.50 per cent for any Payment Date after June 2026 but prior to June 2027. 
"Current Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance" has the meaning given to such term in 
Clause 16.5 of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Cut-Off Date" means, with reference to the Initial Purchased Receivables, the 31st May 2024 and with 
reference to the relevant Additional Purchased Receivables, the date indicated as such under the relevant 
Additional Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Cut-Off Date Discounted Receivables Balance" means as of the relevant Cut-Off Date the present 
value of the Initial Purchased Receivables or the relevant Additional Purchased Receivables, calculated 
using the Discount Rate. 
"Day Count Fraction" means the number of days in the Interest Accrual Period divided by 360, the 
number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (i) the 
last day of the Interest Accrual Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Interest Accrual 
Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last 
day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Interest Accrual 
Period is the last day of the month of February in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month). 
"Decree 239" means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
"Decree 239 Deduction" means any withholding or deduction for or on account of “imposta sostitutiva” 
under Decree 239. 
"Defaulted Amount" shall have the meaning given to it in the Swap Agreements relating to the Floating 
Rate Notes. 
"Delinquent Loan Contract" means any Loan Contract (i) in respect of which one or more Receivable 
instalments are overdue or (ii) which VW Bank Italy has terminated. 
"Delinquent Receivables" means any Receivables for which one or more instalments are overdue.  
"Disclosure RTS" means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1224 of 16 October 2019 
supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard 
to regulatory technical standards specifying the information and the details of a securitisation to be made 
available by the originator, sponsor and SSPE.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
"Discount Rate" means 7.1837 per cent. per annum, whereby discounting shall take place on the basis 
of one year of 360 days being equivalent to 12 months, each month consisting of 30 days. 
"Discount Rate Variation Option" has the meaning given to such term in Clause 16.1 of the Master 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Discount Rate Variation Option Notice" has the meaning given to such term in Clause 16.2 of the 
Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Discounted Receivables Balance" means as of the end of any Monthly Period the present value of the 
Purchased Receivables (excluding any Written Off Purchased Receivables), calculated using the 
Discount Rate. 
"Distribution Account" means the account specified in Clause 3.1 (The Accounts) of the Account 
Agreement. 
"Early Amortisation Event" shall mean any of the following: 
(a) 
the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event; or 
(b) 
on any Payment Date falling after 6 (six) Payment Dates following the Issue Date, the Notes 
Actual Overcollateralisation Percentage is determined as being lower than 10.70 per cent.; or 
(c) 
the Cumulative Gross Loss Ratio calculated as at the end of the Monthly Period immediately 
preceding the relevant Servicer Report Performance Date exceeds the Cumulative Gross Loss 
Ratio Threshold; or 
(d) 
the Late Delinquency Ratio calculated as at the end of the Monthly Period immediately 
preceding the relevant Servicer Report Performance Date exceeds 2.00 per cent.; 
(e) 
the occurrence of a Servicer Replacement Event; or 
(f) 
the Issuer fails to enter into a replacement Swap Agreement within thirty (30) calendar days, 
following the termination of a Swap Agreement relating to the Floating Rate Notes or the Swap 
Counterparty fails to post collateral, in each case within the time period specified in the 
applicable Swap Agreement, (each as provided for in Clause 20 (Distribution Account; 
Accumulation Account and Swap Provisions) of the Trust Agreement or to take any other 
measure which does not result in a downgrade of the Notes. 
"Early Amortisation Notice" means the notice served by the Servicer upon the occurrence of an Early 
Amortisation Event, in accordance with the Servicing Agreement. 
"Early Settlement" means cases in which VW Bank Italy is to pay certain sums to the Issuer due to a 
demand of the Issuer vis-à-vis VW Bank Italy to retransfer Purchased Receivables and the related Loan 
Collateral (if any) under a contract in certain circumstances as contractual remedy including inter alia 
the assertion of invalidity of the Loan Contracts or of rights to refuse to perform by the Borrower as well 
a reduction of the Purchased Receivables due to any amendment to the relevant Loan Contract. 
"EC Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Community (signed in Rome on 25 March, 
1957), as amended by the Treaty on European Union (signed in Maastricht on 7 February, 1992), as 
amended by the Treaty of Amsterdam (signed in Amsterdam on 2 November, 1997), as amended by the 
Treaty of Nice (signed in Nice on 26 February, 2001) and as amended by the Treaty of Lisbon (signed 
in Lisbon on 13 December 2007 and in force since 1 December 2009). 
"EEA" means the European Economic Area established under the "The Agreement creating the European 
Economic Area" entered into force on 1 January 2004. 
"Eligibility Criteria" means the objective criteria for the identification of the Purchased Receivables 
specified in annex 1 to the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
"Eligible Collateral Bank" means an international recognised bank having the Account Bank Required 
Ratings or an Account Bank Required Guarantee. 
"Eligible Swap Counterparty" means any entity:  
(a)  
having a counterparty risk assessment of (i) "A3" or above by Moody's or (ii) "Baa3" or above 
by Moody's and which either posts collateral in the amount and manner set forth in the Swap 
Agreement or obtains a guarantee from a person having the ratings set forth in (i) above; and 
(b)  
having (i) a rating of not less than the counterparty ratings for the S&P Collateral Framework 
Option then in effect pursuant to the Swap Agreement; or (ii) having the Minimum S&P 
Collateralised Counterparty Rating and posts collateral in the amount and manner set forth in 
the Swap Agreement or (iii) obtaining a guarantee from a party having the minimum required 
counterparty ratings for the S&P Collateral Framework Option then in effect. 
"EMIR" means Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 July 
2012 on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories. 
"EMIR REFIT" means Regulation (EU) 2019/834 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 as regards the clearing obligation, the suspension of 
the clearing obligation, the reporting requirements, the risk-mitigation techniques for OTC derivative 
contracts not cleared by a central counterparty, the registration and supervision of trade repositories and 
the requirements for trade repositories. 
"Enforcement Event" means a Foreclosure Event and the Security Trustee has served an Enforcement 
Notice upon the Issuer. 
"Enforcement Notice" means a notice delivered by the Security Trustee on the Issuer upon the 
occurrence of a Foreclosure Event (in the sole judgement of the Security Trustee or upon request of the 
Noteholders holding not less than 66⅔ per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes) stating 
that the Security Trustee commences with the enforcement of the Security pursuant to the procedures set 
out in the Trust Agreement. 
"English Law Transaction Documents" means, together, the Security Assignment Deed and each Swap 
Agreement. 
"English Process Agent" means Intertrust Management Limited, 1 Bartholomew Lane, London EC2N 
2AX, United Kingdom. 
"€STR" or "Euro Short-Term Rate" means the overnight rate calculated on the basis of unsecured 
borrowing deposit transactions carried out by the European Central Bank's money market statistical 
reporting agents with financial corporations calculated by the European Central Bank. 
"Error Check Notice" has the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 6.4(b) (The Calculation Agent) 
of the Agency Agreement. 
"ESMA" means the European Securities and Markets Authority. 
"EU" means the European Union. 
"EU Insolvency Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2015/848 of the European Parliament and the 
Council dated 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast), as amended from time to time, most 
recently by Regulation (EU) 2018/946. 
"EU Member State" means, as the context may require, a member state of the European Union or of the 
European Economic Area. 
"EUR" or "EURO" or "€" means the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that 
have adopted the single currency in accordance with the EC Treaty.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
"EURIBOR" (Euro Interbank Offered Rate) means for each Interest Accrual Period, except as provided 
below, the offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for deposits in Euro for that 
Interest Accrual Period which appears on the Reuters 3000 page EURIBOR01 (the "Screen Page") as of 
11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the second Business Day prior to the commencement of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period.  
(a) 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation appears thereon, in each case as at 
such time, the Interest Determination Agent shall in consultation with the Issuer determine 
EURIBOR on the basis of such other screen rate as agreed between the Issuer and the Interest 
Determination Agent. If the Interest Determination Agent cannot determine EURIBOR on the 
basis of such other screen rate as agreed, EURIBOR shall be the offered quotation or the 
arithmetic mean of the offered quotations on the Screen Page on the last day preceding the 
second Business Day prior to the commencement of the relevant Interest Accrual Period on 
which such quotations were offered. 
(b) 
Following a Benchmark Event, the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, shall be entitled, in 
coordination with the Security Trustee, to determine a Substitute Reference Rate in its due 
discretion which shall replace the EURIBOR affected by such Benchmark Event. Any Substitute 
Reference Rate shall apply from (and including) the interest determination date determined by 
the Issuer in its due discretion, which shall be no earlier than on the second Business Day, prior 
to the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, falling on or immediately following the 
date of the Benchmark Event, with first effect for the Interest Period for which the relevant 
Interest Rate, is determined. If the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, decides to determine a 
Substitute Reference Rate, the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, in coordination with the Security 
Trustee, shall weigh up the interests of the Noteholders, any Swap Counterparty and the Issuer's 
own interests and determine the Substitute Reference Rate and any adjustment, if any, in a 
manner that to the greatest possible extent upholds the economic character of the Notes for either 
side (the "Substitution Objective"). Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, the 
Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, will in the following sequential order: 
 
(i) 
firstly, implement an Official Substitution Concept;  
 
(ii) 
secondly, if paragraph (i) above is not available, implement an Industry Solution; or  
(iii) 
thirdly, if paragraphs (i) and (ii) above are not available, implement a Generally 
Accepted Market Practice; or  
(iv) 
fourthly, if paragraphs (i) to (iii) above are not available, apply any unsecured or 
secured overnight money market reference rate calculated by the European Central 
Bank or any other third party on swap basis (overnight index swap – OIS); or  
(v) 
fifthly, if paragraphs (i) to (iv) above are not available, determine €STR for the 
Relevant Period to be the Substitute Reference Rate. 
(c) 
If the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, determines a Substitute Reference Rate, it shall also be 
entitled to make, in its reasonable discretion, any such procedural determinations relating to the 
determination of the current Substitute Reference Rate (e.g. the interest determination date, the 
relevant time, the relevant screen page for obtaining the Substitute Reference Rate and the 
fallback provisions in the event that the relevant screen page is not available) and to make such 
adjustments to the definition of "Business Day" in and the business day convention provisions 
in which in accordance with the generally accepted market practice are necessary or expedient 
to make the substitution of the EURIBOR by the Substitute Reference Rate operative. To the 
extent that the Servicer applies €STR as Substitute Reference Rate, the Servicer, on behalf of 
the Issuer, shall be entitled to determine an Adjustment Spread for overnight rate calculated on 
the basis of unsecured borrowing deposit transactions. 
If the Servicer (on behalf of the Issuer) uses an overnight rate as Substitute Reference Rate in 
accordance with (i) above, the interest rate shall be the arithmetic mean of the respective 
overnight rate for the relevant Interest Accrual Period calculated on such date as determined by

--- Page 185 ---
185 
the Servicer (on behalf of the Issuer) in its reasonable discretion and in accordance with 
prevailing market standards, if any.  
The Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, is entitled, but not obliged, to determine, in its reasonable 
discretion, a Substitute Reference Rate pursuant to this provisions several times in relation to 
the same Benchmark Event, provided that each later determination is better suitable than the 
earlier one to realise the Substitution Objective and each determination shall be subject to prior 
coordination with the Security Trustee. This paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis in the event 
of a Benchmark Event occurring in relation to any Substitute Reference Rate previously 
determined by the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer.  
If the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, has determined a Substitute Reference Rate following 
the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, it will cause the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, the 
Substitute Reference Rate determined by it and any further determinations of it pursuant to this 
paragraph associated therewith to be notified to the Interest Determination Agent, the Paying 
Agent, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
11 as soon as possible, but in no event later than two Business Days following the determination 
of the Substitute Reference Rate but in no event later than the first day of the Interest Accrual 
Period to which the Substitute Reference Rate applies for the first time. For the avoidance of 
doubt, if the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, should not determine a Substitute Reference Rate, 
the fallback provisions pursuant to paragraph (a) above shall apply. 
(d) 
For the purpose of this definition the following definitions shall apply: 
"Generally Accepted Market Practice" means the use of a certain reference rate, subject to 
certain adjustments (if any), as substitute rate for the EURIBOR or of provisions, contractual or 
otherwise, providing for a certain procedure to determine payment obligations which would 
otherwise have been determined by reference to the EURIBOR in a material number of bond 
issues following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, or any other generally accepted market 
practice to replace the EURIBOR as reference rate for the determination of payment obligations. 
"Industry Solution" means any statement by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association (ISDA), the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA), the Association for 
Financial Markets in Europe (AFME), the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (SIFMA), the SIFMA Asset Management Group (SIFMA AMG), the Loan Markets 
Association (LMA), the Deutsche Kreditwirtschaft (DK), the Bundesverband Öffentlicher 
Banken Deutschlands (VÖB), the Deutsche Sparkassen- und Giroverband (DSGV), the 
Bundesverbank deutscher Banken (BdB), the Bundesverband der Deutschen Volksbanken und 
Raiffeisenbanken (BVR), the Deutsche Derivate Verbands (DDV) or any other private 
association of the financial industry pursuant to which a certain reference rate, subject to certain 
adjustments (if any), should or could be used to replace the EURIBOR or pursuant to which a 
certain procedure should or could be used in order to determine payment obligations which 
would otherwise be determined by reference to the EURIBOR. 
"Official Substitution Concept" means any binding or non-binding statement by any central 
bank, supervisory authority or supervisory or expert body of the financial sector established 
under public law or composed of publically appointed members pursuant to which a certain 
reference rate, subject to certain adjustments (if any), should or could be used to replace the 
EURIBOR or pursuant to which a certain procedure should or could be used in order to 
determine payment obligations which would otherwise be determined by reference to the 
EURIBOR.  
"Relevant Period" means the number of weeks until an Official Substitution Concept, an 
Industry Solution or a Generally Accepted Market Practice has been implemented. 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium 
and any successor thereto. 
"Eurosystem" comprises the European Central Bank and the national central banks of those countries 
that have adopted the euro.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprising member states of the European Union that have adopted the 
single currency, the euro, in accordance with the EC Treaty. 
"EUWA" means the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 as amended by the European Union 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020. 
"Event of Legitimate Repudiation of Loan Contract" means the event that a Borrower legitimately 
terminates or invalidates a related Loan Contract or refuses to pay a Purchased Receivable or uses a right 
of set-off. 
"Event of Prepayment of Purchased Receivables" means the event that a Borrower repays in full a 
Purchased Receivable prior to its stated maturity date. 
"Expected Collections" means an amount, as determined by the Servicer and as set out in each Monthly 
Servicer Report, equal to the sum of (i) the expected monthly instalments to be received in relation to the 
Loan Contracts underlying the Purchased Receivables and (ii) the expected monthly prepayments, 
calculated on the basis of a constant prepayment rate of 10 per cent. 
"Expenses" shall have the meaning given to such term in Clause 12.1 (Indemnity and Liability) of the 
Account Agreement or in Clause 9.1 (Indemnity and Liability) of the Agency Agreement, respectively. 
"Extension Letter" means an extension letter by the Issuer to the respective Noteholder in a form as 
attached as Schedule 1 to the Conditions. 
"FATCA" means: 
(a) 
sections 1471 to 1474 of the US Internal Revenue Code and the Treasury regulations and official 
guidance issued thereunder, as amended from time to time ("US FATCA");  
(b) 
any inter-governmental agreement between the United States and any other jurisdiction entered 
into in connection with US FATCA (an "IGA"); 
(c) 
any treaty, law, regulation or official guidance enacted, issued or amended in any jurisdiction 
which facilitates the implementation of US FATCA or an IGA ("Implementing Law"); and 
(d) 
any agreement entered into with the US Internal Revenue Service, the US government or any 
governmental or Tax authority in any other jurisdiction in connection with US FATCA, an IGA 
or any Implementing Law. 
"FATCA Deduction" means a deduction or withholding from a payment under a Transaction Document 
required by FATCA. 
"Final Discharge Date" means the date on which the Security Trustee notifies the Issuer and the 
Transaction Creditors that it is satisfied that all the Secured Obligations and/or all other monies and other 
liabilities due or owing by the Issuer have been paid or discharged. 
"Final Maturity Date" means the date set out as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Final Terms" means the final terms to the Base Prospectus which will be prepared in relation to each 
issue of Notes. 
"Financed Objects" means the object financed under the Loan Contracts. 
"Floating Rate Notes" means Notes issued with an interest rate based on the EURIBOR rate for one-
month Euro deposits plus a margin, as specified in the Relevant Final Terms. 
"Foreclosure Event" means any of the following events: 
(a) 
an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Issuer; or

--- Page 187 ---
187 
(b) 
the Issuer does not pay interest on the Notes then outstanding on any relevant Payment Date 
and such failure to pay continues for a period of five (5) Business Days; or 
(c) 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of principal of any Note on the Final Maturity Date. 
"Funding" means the Notes and the Subordinated Loan. 
"Further Issue Date" means each day which shall be a Payment Date on which Further Notes are issued, 
provided that with respect to each Series of Notes such date shall in no event be later than the Payment 
Date immediately preceding the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date applicable to such Series. 
"Further Floating Rate Notes" means Floating Rate Notes issued by the Issuer on any Further Issue 
Date. 
"Further Notes" means the notes of a new or existing series of any Notes issued by the Issuer on any 
Further Issue Date with a maximum total nominal amount of EUR 3,000,000,000.00, consisting of up to 
30,000 individual Notes, each in the Nominal Amount of EUR 100,000. 
"Further Purchased Receivables Overcollateralisation Percentage" means 2.48 per cent. 
"General Cash Collateral Amount" means the funds standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral 
Account (except for amounts representing the Set-Off Risk Reserve) from time to time. 
"German Law Transaction Documents" means, together, the Trust Agreement, the Agency Agreement, 
the Account Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Conditions of the Notes, the ICSDs 
Agreement, and the Note Purchase Agreement. 
"Global Notes" means, in respect of each Series of Notes, the global registered notes without coupons 
attached representing such Series of Notes, as set out in the Agency Agreement. 
"Governmental Authority" means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision 
thereof, any central bank (or similar monetary or regulatory authority) thereof, any body or entity 
exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to a 
government, including without limitation any court, and any Person owned or controlled, through stock 
or capital ownership or otherwise, by any of the foregoing including for the avoidance of doubt the 
German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority. 
"ICSDs Agreement" means the ICSDs agreement entered into by the Issuer and the ICSDs before any 
Notes in NSS form will be accepted by the ICSDs. 
"Incorporated Terms Memorandum" means the memorandum signed by the Transaction Parties on or 
about the Initial Issue Date for the purposes of identification. 
"Initial Cash Collateral Amount" means EUR 20,000,000.00. 
"Initial Issue" means the issue of the Initial Notes by the Issuer. 
"Initial Issue Date" means 25 June 2024. 
"Initial Notes" means the asset-backed notes issued by the Issuer on the Initial Issue Date. 
"Initial Purchased Receivables" means the Purchased Receivables purchased by the Issuer from the 
Seller in accordance with and pursuant to the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement on or about the 
Signing Date. 
"Insolvency Event" means, with respect to certain entities, each of the following events: 
(a) 
the making of an assignment, conveyance, composition or marshalling of assets for the benefit 
of its creditors generally or any substantial portion of its creditors;

--- Page 188 ---
188 
(b) 
the application for, seeking of, consents to, or acquiescence in, the appointment of a receiver, 
custodian, trustee, liquidator or similar official for it or a substantial portion of its property; 
(c) 
the initiation of any case, action or proceedings before any court or Governmental Authority 
against such entity under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, bankruptcy, 
receivership, dissolution, reorganisation, winding-up, relief of debtors or other similar laws and 
such proceedings are not being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of 
discontinuing or discharging the same; 
(d) 
the levy or enforcement of a distress or execution or other process upon or sued out against the 
whole or any substantial portion of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer, Seller, Servicer or 
Security Trustee and such possession or process (as the case may be) shall not be discharged or 
otherwise shall not cease to apply within sixty (60) days; 
(e) 
initiation or consent to any case, action or proceedings in any court or Governmental Authority 
relating to the Issuer, Seller, Servicer or Security Trustee under any applicable liquidation, 
insolvency, composition, bankruptcy, receivership, dissolution, reorganisation, winding-up, 
relief of debtors or other similar laws; 
(f) 
an order is made against the Issuer, Seller, Servicer or Security Trustee or an effective resolution 
is passed for its winding-up; and 
(g) 
such entity is deemed unable to pay its debts within the meaning of any liquidation, insolvency, 
composition, reorganisation or other similar laws in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
establishment, 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, any assignment, charge, pledge or lien made by the Issuer for 
the benefit of the Security Trustee under the Trust Agreement or the Security Assignment Deed shall not 
constitute an Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer. 
"Insurance Claims" means any and all rights of the Seller, as beneficiary, deriving from the Insurance 
Policies issued in connection with the Loan Contracts vis-à-vis the relevant Insurance Companies 
(including, without limitation, the right to receive any indemnity payment thereunder). 
"Insurance Companies" means means AXA, Cardif Insurance, MMA Iard (Covea), VW Versicherung 
and I-Car. 
"Insurance Policy" means any insurance policy entered into by the Borrower in relation to a Purchased 
Receivable and/or a Loan Contract. 
"Insurance Proceeds" means any proceeds or monetary benefit in respect of any Insurance Claims paid 
by the Insurance Companies to the Seller. 
"Interest" means in respect of a Receivable each of the scheduled periodic payments of interest (if any) 
payable by the respective Borrower as provided for in accordance with the terms of the relevant Loan 
Contract plus any applicable later payment penalties. 
"Interest Accrual Period" shall mean, unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties, the period from 
(and including) one Payment Date to (but excluding) the immediately following Payment Date, provided 
that any initial Interest Accrual Period relating to Further Floating Rate Notes shall be the period from 
(and including) the relevant Issue Date to (but excluding) the immediately following Payment Date 
(adjusted). 
"Interest Compensation Payment" means the interest compensation payment payable (i) by VW Bank 
Italy to the Issuer for negative difference of interest between the Discount Rate and the interest rate 
applicable to the prepaid Loan Contract for the period between the date on which the respective Loan 
Contract has been subject to a partial or full prepayment and the ordinary termination date of the 
respective Loan Contract without such prepayment or (ii) by the Issuer to VW Bank Italy for the positive 
difference of interest between the Discount Rate and the interest rate applicable to the prepaid Loan

--- Page 189 ---
189 
Contract for the period between the receipt of the Discounted Receivables Balance for such prepaid Loan 
Contract and the ordinary termination date of the respective Loan Contract without such prepayment. 
"Interest Determination Agent" means The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 7.6 (Duties of Principal 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and Interest Determination Agent) of the Agency Agreement. 
"Interest Shortfall" means the Accrued Interest which is not paid on a Note on the Payment Date related 
to the Interest Accrual Period in which it accrued, including but not limited to any Accrued Interest 
resulted from correction of any miscalculation of interest payable on a Note related to the last Interest 
Accrual Period immediately prior to the Payment Date. 
"International Central Securities Depositary" or "ICSD" means Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear, and "ICSDs" means both Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear collectively. 
"ISIN" means the international securities identification number pursuant to the ISO – 6166 Standard. 
"ISO" means the International Organisation for Standardisation.  
"Issue" means the issue of the Notes by the Issuer. 
"Issue Date" means each of the Initial Issue Date and each Further Issue Date. 
"Issue Notice" means a notice by the Issuer in a form as set forth in Annex D of the Procedures 
Memorandum. 
"Issue Outstanding Amount" or "IOA" means, in respect of the Notes held under the new safekeeping 
structure (NSS), the total outstanding indebtedness of the Issuer as determined from time to time by 
reference to the Register. Where relevant, the IOA is the result of the product between the nominal 
amount and the Note Factor of the Notes held under the new safekeeping structure (NSS). 
"Issuer" means Private Driver Italia 2024-1 S.r.l., a limited liability company with a sole quotaholder 
(società unipersonale a responsabilità limitata) incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy 
pursuant to the Securitisation Law, having its registered office at Corso Vittorio Emanuele II, 24-28, 
20122, Milan, Italy, fiscal code, VAT code and enrolment with the companies register of Milano – Monza 
Brianza - Lodi under number 13502230967, quota capital Euro 10,000 fully paid up, enrolled in the 
special purposes vehicles' register (elenco delle società veicolo) held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to the 
Bank of Italy regulation of 12 December 2023 under number 13502230967 and having as its sole 
corporate object the realisation of securitisation transactions pursuant to article 3 of the Securitisation 
Law. 
"Issuer Default Rating" or "IDR" shall have the meaning given to it in the Swap Agreements relating 
to the Floating Rate Notes. 
"Issuer-ICSDs Agreement" means the Issuer-ICSDs agreement entered into by the Issuer and the ICSDs 
before the Notes will be accepted by the ICSDs to be held under the new safekeeping structure (NSS). 
"Issuer's Rights" means the Issuer's rights under the Transaction Documents. 
"Italian Banking Act"means the Legislative Decree No. 385 or 1 September 1993, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
"Italian Bankruptcy Law" means the Italian Royal Decree No. 267 of 16 March 1942, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
"Italian Financial Act" means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
"Italian Law Transaction Documents" means, together, the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, 
any Additional Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Incorporated Terms Memorandum and the Collection 
Account Bank Agreement. 
"Late Delinquency Ratio" means, expressed as a percentage, the ratio of (i) Late Delinquency Purchased 
Receivables as nominator and (ii) the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance as denominator. 
"Late Delinquency Purchased Receivables" means each and any Purchased Receivables that is more 
than 180 days overdue. 
"Listing Agent" means Circumference Services S.à r.l., a limited liability company (société à 
responsabilité limitée), having its registered office at 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg. 
"Loan Collateral" means (i) security title to the seizable portion of the respective Borrower's wage and 
salary receivables, (ii) Insurance Claims, (iii) damage claims arising from a breach of contract or in tort 
against a Borrower, and (iv) any other collateral provided by the Borrower to VW Bank Italy under or in 
connection with the relevant Loan Contract; in each case to the extent and subject as acquired by VW 
Bank Italy. 
"Loan Administration Fee" means the loan administration fee relating to a Purchased Receivable (i) 
which fee has become payable in accordance with the terms of the relevant Loan Contracts and (ii) that 
is capitalised by the Seller in accordance with the Sellers's customary accounting practice in effect from 
time to time prior to the sale of such Purchased Receivable to the Issuer under the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement. 
"Loan Contracts" means each contractual framework, as applicable in the form of standard business 
terms or otherwise, governing (immediately prior to any transaction under the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement) the Seller’s relationship with the respective Borrower(s) with regard to the 
Receivables. 
"Losses" shall have the meaning as set out in Clause 12.1 (Indemnity and Liability) of the Account 
Agreement or in Clause 9.1 (Indemnity and Liability) of the Agency Agreement, respectively. 
"Luxembourg" means the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
"Luxembourg Stock Exchange" means société de la bourse de Luxembourg. 
"Margin" means, with respect to any Floating Rate Notes, the margin specified under item 7 in the Final 
Terms of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
"Master Receivables Purchase Agreement" means the master receivables purchase agreement entered 
into on the Signing Date between the Issuer and the Seller. 
"Maxi Rata Option Agreement" means, in respect of each of such AutoCredit Loan Contract, the 
agreement for the “impegno di ritiro e opzione maxirata” that is entered into on or prior to the execution 
of such AutoCredit Loan Contract. 
"Maximum Discounted Receivables Balance" means the highest Aggregate Discounted Receivables 
Balance at any time since the inception of the Securitisation. 
"Maximum Issuance Amount" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Minimum S&P Collateralised Counterparty Rating" shall have the meaning given to it in the 
relevant Swap Agreement. 
"Monthly Collateral Part 1" means in respect of a Monthly Period an amount equal to the sum of (i) 
the Purchased Receivables becoming due in the period from (and including) the first until (and including) 
the fourteenth calendar day of such Monthly Period and (ii) the expected prepayments of the Purchased

--- Page 191 ---
191 
Receivables in the period from (and including) the first until (and including) the fourteenth calendar day 
of such Monthly Period, calculated on the basis of a constant prepayment rate of 10 per cent. per annum. 
"Monthly Collateral Part 2" means in respect of a Monthly Period an amount equal to the sum of (i) 
the Purchased Receivables becoming due in the period from (and including) the fifteenth calendar day 
of the relevant Monthly Period until (and including) the last calendar day of such Monthly Period and 
(ii) the expected prepayments of the Purchased Receivables in the period from (and including) the 
fifteenth until (and including) the last calendar day of such Monthly Period, calculated on the basis of a 
constant prepayment rate of 10 per cent. per annum. 
"Monthly Period" means the calendar month immediately prior to each Payment Date. 
"Monthly Remittance Condition" means the condition that shall not longer be satisfied if any of the 
following events occur: 
(a) 
VW Bank Italy (x) no longer has (A) a short-term rating for unsecured and unguaranteed debt of 
at least “P-2” by Moody's and (B) a long-term rating for unsecured and unguaranteed debt of at 
least “Baa1” by Moody's, or (y) where VW Bank Italy is not the subject of a Moody's short-term 
rating, VW Bank Italy no longer has a long-term rating for unsecured and unguaranteed debt of 
at least “A3” by Moody's; or 
(b) 
either (w) VW Bank Italy no longer has a short-term rating for unsecured and unguaranteed debt 
of at least “A-2” from S&P Global and a long-term rating for unsecured and unguaranteed debt 
of at least “BBB” from S&P Global, (x) the Republic of Italy has no longer an Issuer Credit Rating 
from S&P Global of at least “BB-”, (y) where VW Bank Italy is not the subject of an S&P Global 
short-term rating, VW Bank Italy no longer has a long-term rating for unsecured and unguaranteed 
debt of at least “BBB+” from S&P Global or (z) S&P Global notifies the Issuer and/or the Servicer 
that VW Bank Italy is not deemed eligible any longer under the applicable rating criteria by S&P 
Global. 
"Monthly Servicer Report" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term under Clause 10.1(a) of the 
Servicing Agreement. 
"Moody's" means Moody’s Italia S.r.l., Corso di Porta Romana 68, 20122, Milan, Italy and any successor 
to the debt rating business thereof. 
"New Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance" has the meaning given to such term in Clause 16.5 
of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"New Discount Rate" has the meaning given to such term in Clause 16.4 of the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement. 
"Net Swap Payment" means for any Swap Agreement relating to the Floating Rate Notes, the net 
amounts with respect to regularly scheduled payments owed by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty, if 
any, on any Payment Date, including any interest accrued thereon, under the Swap Agreement, excluding 
Swap Termination Payments or any other amounts payable to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement. 
"Net Swap Receipts" means for any Swap Agreement relating to the Floating Rate Notes, the net 
amounts received by the Issuer from the Swap Counterparty, if any, on any Payment Date, excluding any 
Swap Termination Payments. For further clarity, this term does not include any amounts transferred as 
collateral. 
"New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS" means the new safekeeping structure under which the Global 
Note will be issued and which refers to the books and records of the ICSDs to determine the total 
remaining indebtedness of the Issuer as determined from time to time. 
"New Security Trustee" shall have the meaning as set out in Clause 8.4(a) (Authority to Collect; 
Assumption of Obligations; Further Assignment) of the Trust Agreement.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
"Nominal Amount" means for each Note the nominal amount as defined in Condition 1(a) (Form and 
Nominal Amount of the Notes). 
"Non-Amortising Series" means, on any Payment Date, any Series of Notes which does not qualify as 
an Amortising Series. 
"Noteholders" means the holders of the Notes. 
"Note Purchaser" means each purchaser of a particular Series of Notes (or a part thereof) which becomes 
a party to the Note Purchase Agreement or subsequently accedes to, and becomes a party to, the Note 
Purchase Agreement and certain other Transaction Documents by way of an Accession Agreement. 
"Notes" means the Initial Notes and the Further Notes. 
"Notes Actual Overcollateralisation Percentage" means, with respect to any Payment Date, one minus 
the ratio between: (a) the outstanding nominal amount of the Notes; divided by (b) the sum of (i) the 
Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance; and (ii) any amounts standing to the credit of the 
Accumulation Account, in each case of (a) and (b) as determined immediately after the preceding 
Payment Date. 
"Notes Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance Increase Amount" means, in respect of a Payment 
Date, the amount necessary to increase the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance at the end of the 
Monthly Period to the Notes Targeted Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance. 
"Notes Cash Component" means the Notes Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance Increase 
Amount multiplied by one minus the Replenished Purchased Receivables Overcollateralisation 
Percentage. 
"Notes Factor" means the ratio of the aggregate nominal amount of each Series of Notes then outstanding 
to the original principal amount of such Series of Notes.  
"Notes Increase Amount" means, with respect to any Further Issue Date, the product of (i) one (1) minus 
11 per cent., multiplied by (ii) (a) the Additional Discounted Receivables Balance less (b) the 
Replenished Additional Discounted Receivables Balance, rounded to the nearest EUR 100,000. 
"Notes Targeted Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance" means on a given Payment Date a 
fraction the numerator of which is the aggregate principal amount of the Notes after application of any 
Amortisation Amount on such Payment Date and the denominator of which is the difference of 100 per 
cent. minus the Notes Targeted Overcollateralisation Percentage. 
"Notes Targeted Overcollateralisation Percentage" means 11 per cent. 
"NSS" means the new safekeeping structure for the purposes of the Clearing Systems. 
"Obligors" means in respect of a Receivable (i) the Borrower(s) and (ii) those Persons who have 
guaranteed the obligations of any such Borrower(s) in respect of such Receivable.  
"Official Gazette" means the Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana. 
"Order of Priority" means the applicable Order of Priority according to which the payments of interest 
and principal to the Noteholders are distributed and other payments due and payable by the Issuer are 
made as more specifically described in Clause 21 (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement. 
"Payment Date" means the 21st day of each month or, in the event such day is not a Business Day, then 
the next following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the date 
will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.

--- Page 193 ---
193 
"Person" means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust), unincorporated 
association, trust, joint stock company, limited liability company, joint venture or other entity, or a 
government or political subdivision, agency or instrumentality thereof. 
"Portfolio" means the aggregate of all Purchased Receivables which the Issuer has not sold or transferred 
to any other Person other than the Security Trustee under or in connection with the Trust Agreement. 
"Prepayment of a Purchased Receivable" means the event that a Borrower repays in full a Purchased 
Receivable prior to its stated maturity date. 
"Principal" means, with respect to a Receivable, each of the scheduled periodic payments of principal 
payable by the respective Borrower as provided for in accordance with the terms of the relevant Loan 
Contract, as may be modified from time to time to account e.g. for unscheduled prepayments by the 
Borrower. 
"Principal Paying Agent" means The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch and any successor or 
assignee thereto in accordance with the Agency Agreement. 
"Principal Payment Amount" means, on each Payment Date, (A) during the Revolving Period, if the 
amounts credited to the Accumulation Account exceed 10 per cent. of the Aggregate Discounted 
Receivables Balance (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the relevant Additional Purchased 
Receivables transferred on such Payment Date) on two consecutive Payment Dates, the amount 
equivalent of such excess to be made available for the repayment of the Notes on such Payment Date or 
(B) after the end of the Revolving Period, the lesser of (a) an aggregate amount for any Payment Date 
which is equal to the amount necessary to reduce the outstanding principal amount of the Notes to zero 
and (b) the Available Redemption Collections. 
"Privacy Law" means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 196 of 30 June 2003, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, including, starting from 25 May 2018 (included), the Regulation (EU) 
2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural 
persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and 
repealing the Directive 95/46/EC), and any regulations for the implementation thereof, as the Italian 
Privacy Protection Authority (Autorità Garante per la Protezione dei Dati Personali) may issue from time 
to time. 
"Procedures Memorandum" means the operating and administrative procedures memorandum relating 
to the Programme, as amended or amended and restated from time to time. 
"Process Agent" means Intertrust Trustees GmbH. 
"Programme" means the programme for the issuance of the Notes of the Issuer in an amount up to the 
Programme Amount. 
"Note Purchase Agreement" means the Note Purchase Agreement dated on or about the Initial Issue 
Date and entered into, inter alios, by the Issuer and the Note Purchasers. 
"Programme Amount" means EUR 5,000,000,000. 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended from time to time, most 
recently by Regulation (EU) 2021/337) on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to 
the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC. 
"Purchase Price of the Initial Purchased Receivables" means the purchase price payable by the Issuer 
to the Seller in respect of the Initial Purchased Receivables pursuant to the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement, being equal to Euro 1,930,400,000.00. 
"Purchased Receivables" means all the Receivables purchased by the Issuer from the Seller in 
accordance with the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and any relevant Additional Receivables

--- Page 194 ---
194 
Purchase Agreement being collectively the Initial Purchased Receivables and the Additional Purchased 
Receivables. 
"Purchased Rights" means the Purchased Receivables together with the Loan Collateral. 
"Purchaser" means the Issuer, as purchaser (cessionario or acquirente) of the Purchased Receivables 
under the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and any relevant Additional Receivables Purchase 
Agreement. 
"Quotaholder" means Special Purpose Entity Management 2 S.r.l.. 
"Rating Agencies" means S&P Global and Moody's. 
"Receivables" means a loan receivable arising under a Loan Contract and comprising claims against the 
relevant Borrower(s) (in relation to the AutoCredit Loan Contracts, including also – for the avoidance of 
doubt – the receivable against (i) the relevant original dealer for the payment of the balloon instalment 
in accordance with the relevant provisions set forth under the Maxi Rata Option Agreement executed by 
such original dealer and (ii) any new dealer (proposed by Volkswagen Group for the replacement of the 
original dealer) that undertakes to pay the balloon instalment for such AutoCredit Loan Contract after 
collection of the relevant vehicle) in respect of Principal, Interest and Loan Administration Fees 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any and all statutory claims being commercially equivalent to 
Principal, Interest and/or Loan Administration Fees). 
"Register" means the register kept and maintained by the Registrar on which the names and addresses 
of the Noteholders and the particulars of the Notes held by such Noteholders and all transfers and 
payments (of interest and principal) of such Notes will be entered, and an updated copy of which shall 
be transmitted to and kept at the registered office of the Issuer at all time. 
"Registered Holder" means the nominee of the Common Safekeeper, or, as applicable, of the common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg in whose name the Global Note has been 
registered. 
"Registrar" means The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch. 
"Relevant Clearing System" means, in respect of any Notes, any of the following: Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and/or Clearstream Banking société anonyme, Luxembourg and any additional or alternative 
clearing system (including Clearstream AG) approved by the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
"Relevant Currency Value" mean with respect to an amount on any day, in case of an amount 
denominated in Euro, such currency and, in case of an amount denominated in a currency other than Euro 
(the "Other Currency"), the amount of Euro that could be purchased with such amount of the Other 
Currency at the spot exchange rate on such day. 
"Relevant Final Terms" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Note Purchase Agreement. 
"Replenished Additional Discounted Receivables Balance" means, on any Additional Purchase Date, 
the Accumulation Amount divided by one (1) minus the Replenished Purchased Receivables 
Overcollateralisation Percentage, all as determined with respect to such Additional Purchase Date. 
"Replenished Purchased Receivables Overcollateralisation Percentage" means 3.48 per cent. 
"Retention RTS" means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2175 or any successor delegated 
regulation. 
"Revolving Period" means the period from (and including) the Initial Issue Date and ending on the 
earlier of (i) the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date of the last outstanding Series of Notes and (ii) 
the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
"Revolving Series of Notes" means a Series of Notes in respect of which the Revolving Period has not 
elapsed. 
"Risk Retention U.S. Persons" has the meaning ascribed to such term in this Base Prospectus. 
"Scheduled Repayment Date" means the date set out as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Secured Obligations" means all duties and liabilities of the Issuer vis-à-vis the other Transaction Parties 
under the Transaction Documents. 
"Securitisation Regulation" means the Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council (as amended from time to time, and most recently by Regulation (EU) 2021/557) laying 
down common rules on securitisation and creating a European framework for simple, transparent and 
standardised securitisation and amending Directives 2009/65/EC, 2009/38EC, 2011/61/EU and 
Regulations (EC) No 1060/2009 and (EU) No 648/2012. 
"Securitisation Regulation Disclosure Requirements" means the disclosure requirements set out in 
Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation, in particular in conjunction with the Disclosure RTS. 
"Security" means all Adverse Claims from time to time created by the Issuer in favour of the Security 
Trustee (for the benefit of the Transaction Creditors) pursuant to the provisions of the Trust Agreement 
and the Security Assignment Deed. 
"Security Assignment Deed" means the English law deed of assignment governing the granting of 
security and declaration of trust entered into between, inter alios, the Issuer and the Security Trustee 
dated on or about the Initial Issue Date, as amended or amended and restated from time to time. 
"Security Documents" means the Trust Agreement and the Security Assignment Deed, collectively. 
"Security Trustee" means Intertrust Trustees GmbH. 
"Seller" means Volkswagen Bank GmbH – Italian Branch. 
"Series" means, in respect of the Notes, any series issued on a given Issue Date. 
"Series Amortisation Date" means with respect to any Series of Notes, the Payment Date on which such 
Series qualifies as an Amortising Series. 
"Series Revolving Period Expiration Date" means with respect to each Series of Notes the revolving 
period expiration date as specified for such Series in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Servicer" means Volkswagen Bank GmbH – Italian Branch, unless the engagement of Volkswagen 
Bank GmbH – Italian Branch as servicer of the Issuer is terminated in which case Servicer shall mean 
the replacement Servicer (if any). 
"Servicer Report Performance Date" means the day which is three (3) Business Day prior to each 
Payment Date. 
"Servicer Fee" means the Servicer Fee 1 and the Servicer Fee 2, collectively. 
“Servicer Fee 1” means, for any Monthly Period, one-twelfth of the Servicer Fee Rate multiplied by the 
sum of the Discounted Receivables Balance of all Purchased Receivables, that are not under judicial 
proceedings, as of the beginning of the Monthly Period (or, in the case of the first Monthly Period, as of 
the Closing Date). 
“Servicer Fee 2” means, for any Monthly Period, one-twelfth of the Servicer Fee Rate multiplied by the 
sum of the Discounted Receivables Balance of all Purchased Receivables under judicial proceedings as 
of the beginning of the Monthly Period (or, in the case of the first Monthly Period, as of the Closing 
Date).

--- Page 196 ---
196 
“Servicer Fee Rate” means 1.00 per cent. per annum. 
"Servicer Insolvency Event" means that the Servicer declares its inability to effect payments or over 
indebtedness or insolvency proceedings under the applicable insolvency law are instituted against the 
Servicer. 
"Servicer Replacement Event" means the occurrence of any event described in paragraphs (a) to (e) 
below: 
(a) 
the Servicer fails to make any payment or deposit to be made by it to the Distribution Account 
and such failure to pay has not been remedied within five (5) Business Days after the earliest of 
(i) receipt by the Servicer of a written notice from Issuer or any Noteholder of such failure to 
pay or (ii) the Servicer becoming aware of such failure to pay; or 
(b) 
the Servicer fails to perform or observe in any material respect any material term, covenant or 
agreement hereunder applicable to it (other than as referred to in paragraphs (a) above) and such 
failure shall remain unremedied for sixty (60) days (or if such failure is not capable of remedy, 
in the Servicer's sole discretion, five (5) Business Days) after receipt by the Servicer of written 
notice from the Issuer or any Noteholder requiring the failure to be remedied, (which Servicer 
Replacement Event shall be deemed to occur only upon the last day of the relevant period); or 
(c) 
any material written representation or warranty made by the Servicer in its capacity as such in 
the Servicing Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents proves to have been incorrect, 
in any material respect, when made or deemed to be made by reference to the facts and 
circumstances then subsisting (provided, that repurchase or exchange of a Purchased Receivable 
by VW Bank Italy in accordance with the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement shall be 
deemed to remedy such circumstances with respect to such Purchased Receivable), and such 
incorrect representation or warranty shall remain unremedied for sixty (60) days (or, if such 
failure is not capable of remedy, in the Servicer's sole discretion, five (5) Business Days) after 
the receipt by the Servicer of written notice from the Issuer or any Noteholder requiring the 
circumstances causing or responsible for such misrepresentation to be remedied (which Servicer 
Replacement Event shall be deemed to occur only upon the last day of the relevant period); or 
(d) 
the Servicer becomes subject to an Insolvency Event; or 
(e) 
the Servicer has lost the legal status and/or the authorisation or the licence that allows it to act 
as the person responsible for the recovery of the assigned claims and the cash flow and payment 
services (soggetto incaricato della riscossione dei crediti ceduti e dei servizi di cassa e 
pagamento) under the Securitisation Law, 
provided, however, that if a Servicer Replacement Event referred to under paragraph (a) to (c) above has 
occurred and was caused by an event beyond the reasonable control of the Servicer and if the respective 
delay or failure of performance is cured within a period of 150 days from the date on which the original 
failure to make payment, breach of term, covenant or agreement or breach of representation or warranty 
referred to under paragraph (a) to (c) occurred, a Servicer Replacement Event will be deemed not to have 
occurred. 
"Servicing Agreement" means the servicing agreement entered into between the Servicer, the Issuer and 
the Security Trustee on the Signing Date, as amended or amended and restated from time to time. 
"Set-Off Risk Reserve" means the amount VW Bank Italy is obliged to post as security for the risk of 
potential set-off by the Borrowers under the Loan Contracts. 
"Settlement Amount" means, in relation to a Purchased Receivable, the amount payable by the Seller 
upon an Event of Legitimate Repudiation of Loan Contract or upon a repurchase of such Purchased 
Receivable pursuant to clause 10 of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, which shall be an 
amount equal to the Discounted Receivables Balance of the affected Purchased Receivable at the 
occurrence of an Early Settlement less any prepayment penalty collected by the Issuer in respect of such 
Purchased Receivable.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
"Shortfall" has the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 7.3 (Duties of the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Interest Determination Agent and the Calculation Agent) of the Agency Agreement. 
"Signing Date" means 13 June 2024. 
"S&P Global" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Italy Branch, Vicolo San Giovanni sul Muro, 
1, 20121, Milan, Italy, and any successor to the debt rating business thereof. 
"Specified Cash Collateral Account Balance" means initially EUR 20,000,000.00 and, on each 
Payment Date following the end of the Revolving Period and before the service of an Enforcement Notice, 
the greater of (a) 1.00 per cent. of the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance as of the end of the 
Monthly Period, and (b) the lesser of (i) EUR 18,000,000.00 and (ii) the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of the Notes as of the end of the immediately preceding Monthly Period, provided that the 
Specified Cash Collateral Account Balance will be reduced to zero on the Payment Date following the 
earlier of (i) the date on which the Notes are redeemed in full and (ii) the date in which an Enforcement 
Notice has been served in accordance with the Transaction Documents. 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 to establish a Single Resolution Mechanism. 
"SSPE" means securitisation special purpose entities. 
"Subordinated Loan Provider" means the Subordinated Loan Provider under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, being Volkswagen Bank GmbH. 
"Subordinated Loan" means, at any time, the principal outstanding under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement. 
"Subordinated Loan Advance Notice" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Clause 2.3 (The 
Subordinated Loan) of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Subordinated Loan Agreement" means the subordinated loan agreement executed on or about the 
Initial Issue Date between the Issuer and the Subordinated Loan Provider for the granting of the 
Subordinated Loan. 
"Subordinated Loan Increase Amount" means, with respect to any Further Issue Date, an amount equal 
to the sum of (a) the product of (i) 8.52 per cent. and (ii) the difference between (A) the Additional 
Discounted Receivables Balance and (B) the Replenished Additional Discounted Receivables Balance, 
all as determined with respect to such Further Issue Date and (b) the amount by which the Notes Increase 
Amount as of such Further Issue Date exceeds the actual balance of Notes issued on such Further Issue 
Date as notified by the Issuer. 
"Subordinated Loan Interest Rate" means one-month EURIBOR plus 4.10%. 
"Substitute Reference Rate" means a rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) provided by a 
third party and meeting any applicable legal requirements for being used for determining the payment 
obligations under the Notes determined by the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, in its reasonable 
discretion, as modified by applying the adjustments (e.g. in the form of premiums or discounts), if any, 
that may be determined by the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, in its reasonable discretion. 
"Successor Bank" means the successor account bank determined in accordance with the Account 
Agreement. 
"Swap Agreement" means the relevant interest rate swap agreement between the Issuer and the Swap 
Counterparty in respect of the respective Series of Floating Rate Notes pursuant to the a 2002 ISDA 
Master Agreement, the associated schedule and the credit support annex and a confirmation dated on or 
about the Initial Issue Date, or any amendments thereto. 
"Swap Agreements" means all swap agreements entered into by the Issuer with respect to any Series of 
Floating Rate Notes to swap a floating interest rate under such Floating Rate Notes against a fixed rate.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
"Swap Counterparty" means Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and any new swap 
counterparty which enters into a Swap Agreement with the Issuer in relation to a Series of Floating Rate 
Notes and becomes a party to the Transaction Documents by way of an Accession Agreement. 
"Swap Replacement Proceeds" means any amounts received from a replacement Swap Counterparty in 
consideration for entering into a replacement Swap Agreement for a terminated Swap Agreement entered 
by the Issuer in relation to a Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
"Swap Termination Payment" means the payment due to the Swap Counterparty by the Issuer or to the 
Issuer by the Swap Counterparty, including interest that may accrue thereon, under a Swap Agreement 
entered by the Issuer in relation to a Series of Floating Rate Notes due to a termination of such Swap 
Agreement due to an "Event of Default" or a "Termination Event" (each as defined under such Swap 
Agreement). 
"Swap Termination Payment Account" means the account specified in Clause 3.1 (The Accounts) of 
the Account Agreement. 
"S&P Collateral Framework Option" shall have the meaning given to it in the relevant Swap 
Agreement. 
"T2 System" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor 
system. 
"Tax Information Agreement" means any governmental or inter-governmental arrangement, or other 
arrangement between competent authorities, for the cross-border exchange of Tax information applicable 
in any jurisdiction (or any treaty, law, regulation, or official guidance enacted, issued or amended in any 
jurisdiction which facilitates the implementation of such arrangement) including (without limitation) 
FATCA, any arrangement analogous to FATCA, and any bilateral or multilateral Tax information 
agreement; 
"Terminated Loan Receivable" means any Receivable which has been terminated.  
"Transaction" means the Transaction Documents, together with all agreements and documents executed 
in connection with the issuance of the Notes, the performance thereof and all other acts, undertakings 
and activities connected therewith. 
"Transaction Creditors" means for all series of Notes the Noteholders, the Security Trustee, the Seller, 
the Servicer (if different to the Seller), the Note Purchasers, the Swap Counterparty, the Subordinated 
Loan Provider, the Principal Paying Agent, the Interest Determination Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Account Bank, the Collection Account Bank, the Cash Administrator and the Corporate Services 
Provider. 
"Transaction Documents" means, the Conditions of the Notes, the Trust Agreement, the Security 
Assignment Deed, the Note Purchase Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the Account Agreement, the 
Collection Account Bank Agreement, each Swap Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the 
Master Receivables Purchase Agreements, any Additional Receivables Purchase Agreement, the 
Servicing Agreement, the ICSDs Agreement, the Corporate Services Agreement and the Incorporated 
Terms Memorandum, in each case as amended or amended and restated from time to time. 
"Transaction Parties" means any and all parties to the Transaction Documents. 
"Trust Agreement" means the trust agreement entered into between, inter alios, the Issuer and the 
Security Trustee on or about the Initial Issue Date, as amended and restated from time to time. 
"Trustee Claim" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 4.2 (Position of the Security 
Trustee in relation to the Issuer) of the Trust Agreement. 
"UK" or "the United Kingdom" means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
"UK Benchmarks Regulation" means the Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. 
"UK CRA Regulation" means the CRA3 as it was part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the EUWA and as amended by The Credit Rating Agencies (Amendment, etc) (EU Exit) 
Regulations 2019. 
"UK MiFIR" means Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. 
UK CRA Regulation" means the CRA3 as it was part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the EUWA and as amended by The Credit Rating Agencies (Amendment, etc) (EU Exit) 
Regulations 2019. 
"UK Securitisation Regulation" means the Securitisation Regulation as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended by The 
Securitisation (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (UK SI 2019/660), as further amended, 
supplemented or replaced, from time to time. 
"United States" means, for the purpose of issue of the Notes and the Transaction Documents, the United 
States of America (including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its possessions 
(including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, America Samoa, Wake Island and the Northern 
Mariana Islands). 
"U.S. Person" means a U.S. person within the meaning of Regulation S and the U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules (as applicable). 
"U.S. Risk Retention Rules" means Regulation RR (17 C.F.R Part 246) implementing the risk retention 
requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, adopted pursuant 
to the requirements of Section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
"Usury Law" means the Italian Law No. 108 of 7 March 1996, as amended and supplemented from time 
to time, and the Italian Law No. 24 of 28 February 2001, which converted into law the Italian Law Decree 
No. 394 of 29 December 2000, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"VAT" means the Imposta sul Valore Aggiunto (IVA) as defined in Italian D.P.R. number 633 of 26 
October 1972, as amended and implemented from time to time and any other tax of a similar fiscal nature 
whether imposed in Italy (in place of or in addition to IVA) or elsewhere. 
"Volkswagen Group" means Volkswagen AG and any of its Affiliates. 
"VW Bank" means Volkswagen Bank GmbH. 
"VW Bank Italy" means Volkswagen Bank GmbH, acting through its Italian branch. 
"Waterfall Table" has the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 6.1 (The Calculation Agent) of the 
Agency Agreement. 
"Written Off Purchased Receivables" means Purchased Receivables which have been reduced by 
recoveries and finally written off by VW Bank Italy in its capacity as Servicer in accordance with its 
customary accounting practice in effect from time to time. 
1.2 
In this Master Definitions Schedule words denoting the singular number only shall also include the plural 
number and vice versa, words denoting one gender only shall include the other genders and words 
denoting individuals only shall include firms and corporations and vice versa.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
2. 
INTERPRETATION  
In any Transaction Document, the following shall apply: 
(a) 
in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word 
"from" means "from and including" and the words "to" and "until" each mean "to but 
excluding". The word "including" shall not be exclusive and shall mean "including, without 
limitation"; 
(b) 
if any date specified in any Transaction Document would otherwise fall on a day that is not a 
Business Day, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a 
Business Day; 
(c) 
periods of days shall be counted in calendar days unless Business Days are expressly prescribed; 
(d) 
the expression "tax" shall be construed so as to include any tax, levy, impost, duty or other 
charge of similar nature, including, without limitation, any penalty or interest payable in 
connection with any failure to pay or delay in paying the same; 
(e) 
a reference to law, treaty, statute, regulation, order, decree, directive or guideline of any 
governmental authority or agency, or any provision thereof, shall be construed as a reference to 
such law, statute, regulation, order, decree, directive or guideline, or provision, as the same may 
have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted; 
(f) 
any reference to any Person appearing in any of the Transaction Documents shall include its 
successors and permitted assigns; 
(g) 
any reference to a Transaction Document or any other agreement, deed or document shall be 
construed as a reference to such Transaction Document, agreement, deed or document as the 
same may from time to time be amended, amended and restated, varied, novated, supplemented, 
replaced or otherwise modified;  
(h) 
to the extent applicable, the headings of clauses, schedules, sections, articles and exhibits are 
provided for convenience only. They do not form part of any Transaction Document and shall 
not affect its construction or interpretation. Unless otherwise indicated, all references in any 
Transaction Document to clauses, schedules, sections, articles and exhibits refer to the 
corresponding clauses, schedules, sections, articles or exhibits of that Transaction Document;  
(i) 
unless specified otherwise, "promptly" or "immediately" shall mean without undue delay;  
(j) 
"novation" shall, for the purposes of documents governed by German law, be construed as 
Vertragsübernahme. "To novate" shall be interpreted accordingly; “novation” shall, for the 
purposes of documents governed by Italian Law, be construed as “novazione”. “To novate” 
shall be interpreted accordingly; 
(k) 
where a German term has been used, it alone, and not the English term to which it relates, shall 
be authoritative for the interpretation of the relevant Transaction Document. Where English 
terms are accompanied by German definitions, such definitions shall define how such terms are 
to be interpreted under the laws of Germany; and 
(l) 
where an Italian term has been used, it alone, and not the English term to which it relates, shall 
be authoritative for the interpretation of the relevant Transaction Document. Where English 
terms are accompanied by Italian definitions, such definitions shall define how such terms are 
to be interpreted under the laws of the Republic of Italy.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
An investment in the Notes that are the subject of these Final Terms is only suitable for financially sophisticated 
investors who are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of such investment and who have sufficient resources 
to be able to bear any losses (including the total loss of the invested amount) which may result from such 
investment. 
Final Terms 
[Date] 
PRIVATE DRIVER ITALIA 2024-1 S.R.L. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Italy and enrolled with the companies register of Milano – Monza-Brianza 
- Lodi under number 13502230967)
as Issuer 
for the issuance of the 
EUR [  ] Series [  ] Floating Rate Notes 
[(to be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
EUR [  ] Series [  ] Floating Rate Notes already outstanding)] 
issued in registered form pursuant to the 
EUR 5,000,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of Notes 
These Final Terms are issued in relation to the issue of EUR [  ] Series [  ] Floating Rate Notes by Private Driver 
Italia 2024-1 S.r.l. under the EUR  5,000,000,000 Programme for the issuance of Notes (the "Programme"). The 
Final Terms attached to the Base Prospectus dated 21 June 2024 are presented in the form of a separate 
document containing only the final terms. The Base Prospectus[, any supplement thereto] and the Final Terms 
have been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).  
The Final Terms of the EUR [  ] Series Floating Rate Notes have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8(4) of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus and any Supplement thereto. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Series [  ] Floating Rate Notes is only available on the basis of 
the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. Capitalised terms not otherwise defined herein 
shall have the meaning specified in the Conditions of the Floating Rate Notes. All references in these Final Terms 
to numbered Conditions are to be read as reference to the respective Conditions of the  Notes. 
1. 
Issue Price: 
[  ] 
2. 
[Initial] [Further] Issue Date: 
[  ] 
3. 
Series Number: 
[  ] 
Tranche Number: 
[  ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of [Further Notes of] Series [  ] 
Notes: 
EUR [  ] 
5. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Series [  ] Notes (including the 
Notes subject of these Final Terms): 
EUR [  ] [Not applicable] 
6. 
Maximum Issuance Amount of Series [  ] Notes: 
EUR [  ] 
7. 
Series [  ] Notes Interest Rate: 
[  ] per cent. per annum

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
Margin 
[  ] per cent. 
 
Series [  ] Notes Factor (Condition 7(c)) 
shall be calculated as follows: 
NF  =  
ሾ  ሿ ି ୏ୖ
[  ]
 
whereby NF means the Series [  ] 
Notes Factor which is calculated to 
fifteen decimal KR means the total 
of all repayments of the nominal 
amount of all Series [  ] Notes paid 
and contained respectively in each 
payment up to each respective 
Payment Date. The calculation of 
the Note Factor is described in the 
relevant definition.  
 
Amount on which interest is to be paid on the first Payment Date 
(Condition 9(a)): 
EUR [  ] 
 
First occurring Payment Date with respect to the Series [  ] Notes 
(Condition 9(d)): 
[  ] 
8. 
Series [  ] Revolving Period Expiration Date: 
Payment Date falling in [  ] (or as 
extended 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 9(f) 
(Payment 
Obligations, 
Extension 
of 
Maturities 
and 
Agents; 
Early 
Redemption)) 
9. 
Series [  ] Scheduled Repayment Date (Condition 9(d)): 
Payment Date falling in [  ] (or as 
extended 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 9(f) 
(Payment 
Obligations, 
Extension 
of 
Maturities 
and 
Agents; 
Early 
Redemption) as a consequence of 
the extension of the Series [  ] 
Revolving Period Expiration Date) 
10. 
Series [  ] Final Maturity Date (Condition 9(e)): 
[  ] (or as extended in accordance 
with 
Condition 9(f) 
(Payment 
Obligations, 
Extension 
of 
Maturities 
and 
Agents; 
Early 
Redemption) as a consequence of 
the extension of the Series [  ] 
Revolving Period Expiration Date) 
11. 
Settlement information: 
[delivery 
against 
payment] 
/ 
[delivery free of payment] / [Not 
applicable] 
12. 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation 
"yes" simply means that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as

--- Page 203 ---
203 
common safekeeper (and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of 
the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper) 
and 
does 
not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is 
specified as "no" at the date of these 
Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safekeeper). Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time 
during 
their 
life. 
Such 
recognition will depend upon the 
ECB 
being 
satisfied 
that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]  
13. 
Clearing Codes:  
 
 
- ISIN Code 
[  ] 
 
- Common Code 
[  ] 
14. 
Admission to trading and total expenses: 
Application has been made for the 
Series [  ] Notes subject of these 
Final Terms to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
with effect from [  ]. The total 
expenses related to the admission to 
trading will amount to EUR [  ]. 
15. 
Estimated net amount of proceeds: 
EUR [  ]

--- Page 204 ---
204 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue of EUR [  ] 
Series [  ] Floating Rate Notes described herein (as from [insert Issue Date]). 
Private Driver Italia 2024-1 S.r.l. 
 
___________________________ 
Title: 
Sole Director 
Name:

--- Page 205 ---
205 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subscription and Sale 
Volkswagen Bank GmbH (as Note Purchaser) has agreed, in accordance with the Note Purchase Agreement, to 
subscribe the Notes and to comply with the selling restrictions set out below. 
The issuance of the Notes is not designed to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules other than the exemption 
under Section _.20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. "U.S. Risk Retention Rules" means Regulation RR (17 
C.F.R Part 246) implementing the risk retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934, as amended, adopted pursuant to the requirements of Section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform 
and Consumer Protection Act. 
The Notes at all times may not, without the prior consent of the Seller, be purchased by any person except for 
persons that are not "U.S. persons" as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules ("Risk Retention U.S. Persons"). 
Prospective investors should note that the definition of "U.S. person" in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules is 
substantially similar to, but not identical to, the definition of "U.S. person" in Regulation S. 
Each purchaser of Notes, including beneficial interests therein, will be deemed, and in certain circumstances will 
be required, to represent and agree that: (1) it is not a Risk Retention U.S. Person (2) it is acquiring such Note or 
a beneficial interest therein for its own account and not with a view to distribute such Note; and (3) it is not 
acquiring such Note or a beneficial interest therein as part of a scheme to evade the requirements of the U.S. Risk 
Retention Rules. 
The Notes may not be sold to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except (i) pursuant to an exemption 
from, or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of, the Securities Act and (ii) in accordance 
with an exemption from the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
All applicable laws and regulations must be observed in any jurisdiction in which the Notes may be offered, sold 
or delivered, to the best of each Note Purchaser's knowledge and belief (subject that each Note Purchaser shall 
have no liability to the Issuer or the Seller in respect of any non-observance of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules by 
the Issuer or the Seller or any other person). Each Note Purchaser has agreed (with respect to the respective Series 
of Notes acquired by such Note Purchaser) that it will not offer, sell or deliver any of the Notes, directly or 
indirectly, or distribute this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes, in or from any 
jurisdiction except under circumstances that will result in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations 
thereof, to the best of each Note Purchaser's knowledge and belief, and that will not impose any obligations on 
the Issuer except as set out in the respective Note Purchase Agreement. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Note Purchasers will not have any liability to the Issuer or the Seller for 
compliance with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules by the Issuer or the Seller or any other person except to the extent 
as set out in the Note Purchase Agreement. 
United States of America and its Territories 
Each Note Purchaser has represented and agreed in the Note Purchase Agreement that: 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act, 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state or local securities laws and under circumstances designed 
to preclude the issuer from having to register under the Investment Company Act. Each Note Purchaser has 
represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or delivered the Notes, and will not offer or sell the Notes (i) 
as part of its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) calendar days after the later of the date the

--- Page 206 ---
206 
Notes are first offered to Persons other than distributors in reliance on Regulation S and the date of issue except, 
in either case, only in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act. None of the Note 
Purchasers nor any of their respective affiliates (as defined in Rule 501(b) of Regulation D under the Securities 
Act) nor any Persons acting on their behalf have engaged or will engage in any "directed selling efforts" with 
respect to the Notes, and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirements of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. At or prior to confirmation of the sale of Notes, the respective Note 
Purchaser will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other 
remuneration that purchases Notes from them during the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation 
S) a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect,  
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) calendar days after the 
later of the date the Notes are first offered to Persons other than distributors in reliance on Regulation S and the 
date of issue except, in either case, in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used above 
have the meaning given to them in Regulation S under the Securities Act". 
Terms used in this section have the meaning given to them in Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Germany 
The Notes have not been and will not be offered or sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in Germany other 
than in compliance with the provisions of the German Asset Investment Act (Vermögensanlagengesetz), or of any 
other laws applicable in Germany governing the issue, offering and sale of securities.  
United Kingdom 
General 
Each Note Purchaser has represented and agreed in the Note Purchase Agreement that, 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA")) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply 
to the Issuer; and  
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to the Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Note Purchaser has represented and agreed in the Note Purchase Agreement that:  
(a) 
the Notes have not been offered or sold and will not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to retail 
investors in the UK and the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes has not been 
distributed or caused to be distributed and will not be distributed or caused to be distributed to retail investors in 
the UK.  
(b) 
For the purposes of this provision:  
(i) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(1) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 207 ---
207 
(2) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by 
virtue of the EUWA; or 
(3) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; and  
(ii)  
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Republic of France 
Each Note Purchaser represents and agrees in the Note Purchase Agreement that, 
(a) 
the Base Prospectus is not being distributed in the context of a public offering of financial securities 
(offre au public de titres financiers) in France within the meaning of Article L. 411-1 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and Articles 211-1 et seq. of the General 
Regulation of the French Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF"); 
(b) 
the Notes have not been offered, sold or distributed and will not be offered, sold or distributed, directly 
or indirectly, to the public in France. Such offers, sales and distributions have been and shall only be 
made in France (i) to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) acting for their own account and/or (ii) 
to persons providing portfolio management investment service for third parties (personnes fournissant le 
service d'investissement de gestion de portefeuille pour compte de tiers), each as defined in and in 
accordance with Articles L. 411-2-II, D. 411-1, D. 321-1, D. 744-1, D. 754-1 and D. 764-1 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code and any implementing regulation and/or (iii) in a transaction that, in 
accordance with Article L. 411-2-I of the French Monetary and Financial Code and Article 211-2 of the 
General Regulation of the AMF, does not constitute a public offering of financial securities; 
(c) 
pursuant to Article 211-3 of the General Regulation of the AMF, investors in France are informed that 
the subsequent direct or indirect retransfer of the Notes to the public in France can only be made in 
compliance with Articles L. 411-1, L. 411-2, L. 412-1 and L. 621-8 through L. 621-8-3 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code; and 
(d) 
the Base Prospectus and any other offering material relating to the Notes have not been and will not be 
submitted to the AMF for approval and, accordingly, may not be distributed or caused to be distributed, 
directly or indirectly, to the public in France. 
Republic of Italy  
 
The offering of the Notes in the Republic of Italy has not been authorised by the Italian Securities and Exchange 
Commission (Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa, "CONSOB") pursuant to the Italian securities 
legislation and, accordingly, each of the Note Purchasers has represented and agreed that it has not offered or 
sold, and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes or distribute copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other offering 
material relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy in a public offer within the meaning of Article 1.1(t) of 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended ("Decree No. 58"), other than: 
(a) 
to Italian qualified investors, as defined in Article 100 of Decree no. 58 by reference to Article 34-ter 
Paragraph 1(b) of CONSOB Regulation no. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended ("Regulation no. 
11971") ("Qualified Investors"); and 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offer pursuant to Decree No. 58 and 
Regulation No. 11971.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in Italy under the paragraphs above must be: 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in Italy 
in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended ("Decree No. 385"), 
Decree No. 58, CONSOB Regulation No. 16190 of October 29, 2007, as amended, and any other 
applicable laws and regulations; and 
(b) 
in compliance with all relevant Italian securities, tax and exchange controls and any other applicable laws 
and regulations. 
Any subsequent distribution of the Notes in Italy must be made in compliance with the public offer and prospectus 
requirement rules provided under Decree no. 58 and Regulation no. 11971, unless an exemption from those rules 
applies. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Notes being declared null and void and 
in the liability of the entity transferring the Notes for any damages suffered by the investors. 
Japan 
Each Note Purchaser has acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) and, accordingly, each Note Purchaser 
has undertaken that it will not offer or sell any Notes directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
any Japanese Person or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any Japanese Person 
except under circumstances which will result in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines 
promulgated by the relevant Japanese governmental and regulatory authorities and in effect at the relevant time. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, "Japanese Person" shall mean any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
(a) 
The Notes have not been offered or sold and will not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to retail 
investors in the European Economic Area and the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating 
to the Notes has not been distributed or caused to be distributed and will not be distributed or caused to 
be distributed to retail investors in the European Economic Area. 
(b) 
For the purposes of the preceding paragraph: 
(i) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(1) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(2) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(3) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"); and 
(ii) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation of Note Issuance 
The issuance of the Initial Notes and the amount of the Programme of EUR 5,000,000,000 were authorised by the 
board of directors of the Issuer on 10 June 2024. The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in connection with the issue of the Initial Notes and the establishment of the Programme. 
Governmental, Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
During the period covering the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not been engaged 
in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had in the recent past significant effects on the 
Issuer's financial position or profitability. 
Material Adverse Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since the date of its 
incorporation, being 4 April 2024. 
Payment Information and Post-Issuance Transaction Information 
The Issuer intends to provide post-issuance transaction information regarding the Notes to be admitted to trading 
and the performance of the underlying assets. The Servicer will provide the investors with monthly investor reports 
regarding the Notes and the performance of the underlying assets. Such investor reports will be provided on a 
monthly basis and sent directly to the relevant investors.  
For as long as any of the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Issuer will 
notify the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of the Interest Amounts, Interest Accrual Periods and the Interest Rates 
and the payments of principal, in each case without delay after their determination pursuant to the Conditions of 
the Notes. This information will be communicated to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at the latest on the first 
day of each Interest Accrual Period. 
All information to be given to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 11 (Notices) of the Notes will be available 
and may be obtained (free of charge) at the specified office of the Issuer. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear as operator of the 
Euroclear system. 
All notices to the Noteholders regarding the Notes shall be (i) published in a newspaper having general circulation 
in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com) as long as the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and the rules of such exchange so require and (ii) (a) be delivered to the applicable clearing systems for 
communication by them to the Noteholders and (b) be sent directly to the relevant Noteholder by the Security 
Trustee. Any notice referred to under (ii) (a) above shall be deemed to have been given to all Noteholders on the 
seventh day after the day on which the said notice was delivered to the respective clearing system. Any notice 
referred to under (i) above shall be deemed to have been given to all Noteholders on the seventh day after the day 
on which the said notice was published in a newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is 
expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Any notice referred to under (ii) (b) above shall be deemed to have been given upon confirmation of receipt by 
the respective Noteholder. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Circumference Services S.à r.l. as Listing Agent has made application for the Initial Notes and is expected to make 
application for any Further Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading at the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
ICSDs 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II 
B-1210 Brussels 
Belgium 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme,  
42 Avenue JF Kennedy 
L-1885 Luxembourg 
Clearing Codes of Notes 
As set out in the Final Terms prepared for the relevant Series of Notes. 
Inspection of Documents 
Copies of the following documents may be inspected during customary business hours on any working day from 
the date hereof (or the date of publication of such document, as relevant) as long as the Notes remain outstanding 
at the registered office of the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent and as long as the Notes are listed on official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange they will also be available at the specified offices of the Principal Paying 
Agent, (i) this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms, (ii) the Trust Agreement, (iii) the Security Assignment Deed, 
(iv) the Agency Agreement and (v) the Articles of Incorporation of the Issuer and all historical and future financial 
statements of the Issuer. A copy of this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms will be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) as well as on the website of the European 
Securities Markets Authority (www.esma.europa.eu) and shall remain publicly available in electronic form for at 
least 10 years after their publication on the websites referred to above. A copy of the by-laws and articles of 
association of the Issuer, the financial statements of the Issuer and the relevant auditors’ reports each document 
required to be available in accordance with the Regulation (EU) 1129/2017 and its relevant delegated regulations 
implemented from time to time will be available on www.eurodw.eu. 
The Servicer will publish monthly servicer reports regarding the Notes and the performance of the underlying 
assets. Monthly servicer reports will be published by the Servicer five days prior to the Payment Date of a calendar 
month available on https://www.vwfs.com/investor-relations.html. Such monthly servicer reports will provide the 
following information: 
(a) 
the Available Distribution Amount and the aggregate amount to be distributed in relation to each Note 
and the Subordinated Loan on the immediately following Payment Date; 
(b) 
the repayment of the nominal amount attributed to each Note and to the Subordinated Loan as advanced 
together with the interest payment; 
(c) 
the nominal amount still outstanding on each Note and the Subordinated Loan as of each respective 
Payment Date and the nominal amount of any Further Notes to be issued on such Payment Date; 
(d) 
the Borrowing Base Cure Amount, if any; 
(e) 
the General Cash Collateral Amount remaining available on the immediately following Payment Date; 
(f) 
the sums corresponding to the administration fees and servicing fees; 
(g) 
the Cumulative Gross Loss Ratio; 
(h) 
the Late Delinquency Ratio; 
(i) 
the amount deposited and remaining in the Accumulation Account after the acquisition of the relevant 
Additional Purchased Receivables;

--- Page 211 ---
211 
(j) 
delinquency information for delinquency periods of up to one month, one to two months, two to three 
months, three to four months, four to five months, five to six months, six to seven months, seven to eight 
months, eight to nine months, nine to ten months, ten to eleven months, eleven to twelve months and 
more than twelve months with respect to the number of delinquent Loan Contracts, the amount of 
delinquent Purchased Receivables and the total outstanding Discounted Receivables Balance of 
delinquent Loan Contracts; 
(k) 
in the event of the final Payment Date, the fact that such date is the final Payment Date; 
(l) 
any Buffer Release Amount; 
(m) 
the Amortisation Factors with respect to any Series of Notes that qualify as Amortising Series; 
(n) 
information on the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event; 
(o) 
the amortisation profile on the outstanding pool; 
(p) 
the Notes Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance Increase Amount; 
(q) 
the Maximum Issuance Amount for each Series of Notes;  
(r) 
the sum of the credit balances (deposits) on the previous Payment Date of the Borrowers of the Purchased 
Receivables at banks accounts maintained with VW Bank;  
(s) 
the Collections received or collected by the Servicer during the Monthly Period; and  
(t) 
an overview of the retention of the material net economic interest by the Seller. 
Additionally, if and as soon as Further Notes will be issued under the Programme, the Servicer will make the 
information required by the Securitisation Regulation Disclosure Requirements available to a securitisation 
repository registered in accordance with Article 10 of the Securitisation regulation.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
REGISTERED ADDRESS OF 
THE ISSUER 
Private Driver Italia 2024-1 S.r.l. 
Corso Vittorio Emanuele II, 24-28 
20122, Milan 
Italy 
THE SELLER, SERVICER AND COLLECTION ACCOUNT BANK 
Volkswagen Bank GMBH – Italian Branch 
Via Privata Grosio 10/4 
20151, Milan  
Italy 
THE SECURITY TRUSTEE 
Intertrust Trustees GMBH 
Eschersheimer Landstrasse 14, 60322 
Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
THE SUBORDINATED LOAN PROVIDER AND THE NOTES PURCHASER 
Volkswagen Bank GMBH 
Gifhorner Strasse 57 
38518 Braunschweig 
Germany 
 
THE ACCOUNT BANK AND CASH ADMINISTRATOR 
The Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch 
MesseTurm, Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 49 
60327 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
THE CORPORATE SERVICES PROVIDER 
Zenith Global S.p.A. 
Corso Vittorio Emanuele II, 24-28 
20122, Milan 
Italy 
THE PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, INTEREST DETERMINATION AGENT AND CALCULATION 
AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
 
THE LISTING AGENT 
Circumference Services S.à r.l.  
22-24 Boulevard Royal 
L-2449 Luxembourg

--- Page 213 ---
213 
THE ARRANGER 
UniCredit Bank GMBH 
Arabellastr. 12 
D-81925, Munich 
Germany 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
as to German law 
Jones Day 
NEXTOWER 
Thurn-und-Taxis-Platz 6 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
as to Italian law 
Jones Day 
Via Turati 16-18 
20121 Milan 
Italy