--- Page 1 ---
Page 1 of 81 
 
PROPITEER CAPITAL PLC  
(Incorporated in England and Wales with company number 12101322) 
£500,000,000 
Secured limited recourse fixed rate registered bond programme 
Under the £500,000,000 secured limited recourse fixed rate bond programme (the "Programme"), Propiteer 
Capital PLC (the "Issuer") subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time 
to time issue secured bonds ("Bonds"), which expression shall, unless the context demands otherwise, include 
any principal receipts and interest coupons appertaining thereto on the terms set out herein, as completed by 
final terms (each, "Final Terms"). The aggregate principal amount of Bonds outstanding will not at any time 
exceed £500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
This base prospectus dated 11 October 2023, as supplemented from time to time (the "Base Prospectus") 
constitutes a base prospectus within the meaning of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
"Prospectus Regulation") and has been drawn up in accordance with Annexes 9, 15 and 19 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Austrian 
Financial Market Authority (Finanzmarktaufsichtsbehörde - the "FMA") in its capacity as competent authority 
pursuant to Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation in conjunction with the Austrian Capital Market Act 2019 
(Kapitalmarktgesetz 2019). The FMA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer and the quality of the Bonds that are the 
subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Bonds. 
This Prospectus has been prepared to admit Bonds issued under the Programme to trading on a regulated 
market (i.e. Official Market (Amtlicher Handel) of the Vienna Stock Exchange (Wiener Börse) or on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg), which are regulated markets for the 
purposes of MiFID II (each a "Market")) in accordance with Article 3(3) of the Prospectus Regulation and on the 
basis that any Bonds with a minimum denomination of less than € 100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) will 
(i) only be admitted to trading on an EEA regulated market (as defined in the Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II – "MiFID II")), or a specific segment of an EEA regulated market, to 
which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access (in which case they 
shall not be offered or sold to non-qualified investors) or (ii) only be offered to the public in an EEA member state 
pursuant to an exemption under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. Furthermore, application may also be 
made for the Programme and/or the Bonds to be included in the specific segment of the Vienna MTF, to which 
only qualified investors can have access, of the Vienna Stock Exchange ("Vienna MTF") which is a multilateral 
trading facility (MTF). The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Bonds will specify whether such 
Bonds will be admitted to trading on the Market or included in the Vienna MTF. 
The Issuer has requested the FMA to provide the competent authority of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg with a 
certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation. The Issuer may from time to time request the FMA to provide to competent authorities of member 
states of the European Economic Area ("EEA") further notifications concerning the approval of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Bonds will be issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a 
"Tranche"). Each Tranche of Bonds will be in the form of a global Bond in registered form (a "Global Registered 
Bond"), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. In relation to any Series or Tranche of Bonds 
which is the subject of Final Terms, this Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with the relevant 
Final Terms. Each Series or Tranche of Bonds will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Bonds" (the "Conditions") as completed by the Final Terms to such Series or Tranche of 
Bonds. 
Series of Bonds issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by any or all of Moody’s Investors Service 
Ltd ("Moody’s"), Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch") or Standard & Poor Credit Market Services Europe Limited 
("Standard & Poor’s"). Each of Moody’s, Fitch and Standard & Poor’s is established in the European Economic 
Area ("EEA") and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
("ESMA") on their website. Where a Series of Bonds is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the 
rating(s) assigned to Bonds already issued. Where a Series of Bonds is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Investing in Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect 
the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its respective obligations under the Bonds are discussed under "Risk Factors" 
below. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months after its approval, being 14 October 2024. The obligation by the 
Issuer to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 2 ---
Page 2 of 81 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS .......................................................................................................................... 2 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT ............................................................................................................ 3 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION .............................................................................................................. 3 
NOTICES ................................................................................................................................................ 3 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .............................................................................. 6 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION ..................................................................................... 7 
RISK FACTORS ...................................................................................................................................... 9 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER .................................................................................................. 9 
RISK RELATING TO THE COLLATERAL MANAGER ..................................................................... 11 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUANCE OF BONDS ....................................................................... 12 
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF BONDS ....................... 12 
RISKS RELATING TO BONDS GENERALLY .................................................................................. 12 
RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET GENERALLY ......................................................................... 13 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................... 15 
FORM OF THE BONDS ........................................................................................................................ 34 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE BONDS WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM .................. 35 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BONDS ..................................................................................... 37 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR BONDS WITH A DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST €1,000 (OR ITS 
EQUIVALENT IN ANOTHER CURRENCY) ......................................................................................... 53 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................ 60 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ......................................................................................................... 61 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARING SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. 65 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................ 66 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................ 69 
GENERAL ............................................................................................................................................. 71 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................... 72 
GLOSSARY OF TERMS ....................................................................................................................... 74

--- Page 3 ---
Page 3 of 81 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer, with its registered office at Olivers Barn, Maldon Road, Witham, Essex CM8 3HY, United 
Kingdom is responsible for the information given in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer hereby declares that, to the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its 
import. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
Where information has been sourced from a third party, the Issuer confirms that this information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from 
information published by such third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  Where such information is being reproduced it is 
stated to be so in this document. 
NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and 
with any document incorporated herein by reference. Full information on the Issuer and any Tranche 
of Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of this Base Prospectus and the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Prospective holders of Bonds (the "Bondholders") should note that the tax legislation of the 
investor's member state and of the Issuer's country of incorporation may have an impact on the 
income received from Bonds. Prospective Bondholders should consult their tax advisers as to the 
relevant tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of Bonds. 
The Issuer will use the proceeds of each Tranche of Bonds to procure a series or portfolio of loans 
("Borrower Loans") (which will already be in existence on the issue date of the relevant Tranche) 
secured by a charge on real estate or other tangible assets (the "Collateral"). In turn, each Tranche of 
Bonds will be secured by way of an assignment of the Issuer’s rights under any agreement by which 
the Issuer holds the Collateral in respect of the relevant Tranche, and such security interest shall be 
dealt with and held by the Trustee under the Security Trust Deed (as defined in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Bonds"), together with security over such Collateral as may be described in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds 
is eligible counterparties and professional clients as defined in MiFID II and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable. For the purposes of this 
provision, the expression "manufacturer" means the Dealer. 
Payments in respect of the Bonds comprising each Series will be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any taxes unless required by law. The Issuer will not be obliged to 
gross up payments in respect of the Bonds and any imposition of withholding taxes on payments in 
respect thereof may lead to redemption of Bonds. See "Terms and Conditions of the Bonds". 
The Bonds will be obligations solely of the Issuer and will not be guaranteed by, or be the 
responsibility of, any other entity. 
Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any entity appointed from time to time as a 
dealer (the "Dealers"). 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained in this Base Prospectus and in the relevant Final Terms in connection with the issue 
or sale of a Tranche of Bonds and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor 
any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that 
there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this 
Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no 
adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which

--- Page 4 ---
Page 4 of 81 
 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which 
it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of Bonds in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the 
Issuer and the Dealers (if any have been appointed) to inform themselves about and to observe any 
such restriction. The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or 
other jurisdiction of the United States. The Issuer has not registered and will not register under the US 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act"). Subject to certain 
exceptions, the Bonds may not be offered, sold or, for the account or benefit of, US persons (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")). For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers and sales of Bonds and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or 
the Dealers (if any have been appointed) to subscribe for, or purchase, any Bonds. 
In relation to any Tranche of Bonds which is the subject of Final Terms, this Base Prospectus must be 
read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms.  
Purchasers of Bonds should conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding the 
Issuer, the security arrangements and the Bonds as they consider appropriate to evaluate the merits 
and risks of an investment in the Bonds. None of the Dealers (if any have been appointed) makes any 
representation, recommendation or warranty, express or implied, regarding the accuracy, adequacy, 
reasonableness or completeness of the information contained herein or in any further information, 
notice or other document which may at any time be supplied in connection with the Bonds and none 
of them accepts any responsibility or liability therefor. None of the Dealers (if any have been 
appointed) undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor 
in the Bonds of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers (if any have been 
appointed). 
If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document you should consult your stockbroker, bank 
manager, solicitor, accountant or other financial adviser. It should be remembered that the price of 
securities and the income from them can go down as well as up. 
Any entity or individual intending to invest in any investment described in this document 
should consult its, his or her professional adviser and ensure that it, he or she fully 
understands all the risks associated with making such an investment and has sufficient 
financial resources to sustain any loss that may arise from it. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to a 
"Member State" are references to a Member State of the European Economic Area, references to 
"pounds sterling" or "sterling" and "£" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references 
to "US$" and "US dollars" are to United States of America dollars and references to "€" and "euro" 
are to the currency introduced from the third stage of European economic and monetary union 
pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty of the 
European Union. 
THE BONDS HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE 
COMMISSION 
OR 
ANY 
STATE 
SECURITIES 
COMMISSION 
OR 
OTHER 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY IN THE UNITED STATES NOR HAS THE U.S. SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE 
COMMISSION 
OR 
ANY 
STATE 
SECURITIES 
COMMISSION 
OR 
OTHER 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF THE UNITED STATES PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY OR THE 
ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A 
CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
THE BONDS HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER 
JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES. THE ISSUER HAS NOT REGISTERED AND WILL NOT 
REGISTER UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT. SUBJECT TO CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, 
THE BONDS MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD OR, FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, US 
PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S). THIS BASE PROSPECTUS HAS BEEN PREPARED 
BY THE ISSUER FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER AND SALE OF THE BONDS

--- Page 5 ---
Page 5 of 81 
 
OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO NON-US PERSONS PURSUANT TO REGULATION S, FOR 
THE LISTING OF THE BONDS ON THE MARKET AND FOR THE OFFER AND SALE OF THE 
BONDS WITHIN THE UNITED STATES TO QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BROKERS OR 
QUALIFIED PURCHASERS PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("RULE 
144A"). PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT SELLERS OF THE BONDS 
MAY BE RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A. FOR A DESCRIPTION OF THESE AND CERTAIN 
FURTHER RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS AND SALES OF THE BONDS AND DISTRIBUTION OF 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS, SEE "SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE". 
TO NEW HAMPSHIRE RESIDENTS: NEITHER THE FACT THAT A REGISTRATION STATEMENT 
OR AN APPLICATION FOR A LICENCE HAS BEEN FILED UNDER RSA 421-B WITH THE STATE 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE NOR THE FACT THAT A SECURITY IS EFFECTIVELY REGISTERED OR A 
PERSON IS LICENSED IN THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE CONSTITUTES A FINDING BY THE 
SECRETARY OF STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE THAT ANY DOCUMENT FILED UNDER RSA 421-
B IS TRUE, COMPLETE AND NOT MISLEADING. NEITHER ANY SUCH FACT NOR THE FACT 
THAT AN EXEMPTION OR EXCEPTION IS AVAILABLE FOR A SECURITY OR A TRANSACTION 
MEANS THAT THE SECRETARY OF STATE HAS PASSED IN ANY WAY UPON THE MERITS OR 
QUALIFICATIONS OF, OR RECOMMENDED OR GIVEN APPROVAL TO, ANY PERSON, 
SECURITY OR TRANSACTION. IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE, OR CAUSE TO BE MADE, TO ANY 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASER, CUSTOMER OR CLIENT ANY REPRESENTATION INCONSISTENT 
WITH THE PROVISIONS OF THIS PARAGRAPH. 
Available Information 
The Issuer has agreed that, for so long as any Bonds are "restricted securities" within the meaning 
of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, the Issuer will, during any period in which it is neither 
subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 
"Exchange Act") nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, provide to any 
holder or beneficial owner of such restricted securities or to any prospective purchaser of such 
restricted securities designated by such holder or beneficial owner upon the request of such holder, 
beneficial owner or prospective purchaser, the information required to be provided by Rule 144A(d)(4) 
under the Securities Act. 
Enforceability of Judgements 
The Issuer is an English public limited company. None of the directors and executive officers of the 
Issuer are residents of the United States of America, and all or a substantial portion of the assets of 
the Issuer and such persons are located outside the United States of America. As a result, it may not 
be possible for investors to effect service of process within the United States of America upon the 
Issuer or such persons or to enforce against any of them in the United States of America courts 
judgements obtained in United States of America courts, including judgements predicated upon the 
civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States of America or any State or territory 
within the United States of America. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of 
the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. All statements other than statements of 
historical facts included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the 
Issuer’s financial position, business strategy, plans and objectives of management for future 
operations, are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and 
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or 
achievements of the Issuer to be materially different from any future results, performance or 
achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking 
statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Issuer’s present and future business 
strategies and the environment in which the Issuer will operate in the future. These forward-looking 
statements speak only as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer expressly disclaims any 
obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking

--- Page 6 ---
Page 6 of 81 
 
statement contained herein to reflect any change in the Issuer’s expectations with regard thereto or 
any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which such statement is based. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following parts of the 
following documents which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and which have 
been filed with the FMA: 
Document/Heading 
Page reference in 
the relevant 
financial report 
English language version of the Audited Financial Statements of the 
Issuer for the year ended 30 June 2021 (the "Audited Financial 
Statements as of 30 June 2021") 
 
Income Statement 
Other Comprehensive Income 
Balance Sheet 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Cash Flow Statement 
Notes to the Cash Flow Statement 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
Auditor's Report 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
14 
15 – 20 
6 – 8 
English language version of the Audited Financial Statements of the 
Issuer for the year ended 30 June 2022 (the "Audited Financial 
Statements as of 30 June 2022") 
 
Income Statement 
Other Comprehensive Income 
Balance Sheet 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Cash Flow Statement 
Notes to the Cash Flow Statement 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
Auditor's Report 
16 
17 
18 
19 
20 
21 
22 – 28 
12 – 15 
Principal Trust Deed dated 21 June 2023 (the "Trust Deed") 
1 – 168 
Accounting Standards of the Audited Financial Statements as of 30 June 2021 and the Audited 
Financial Statements as of 30 June 2022 
The financial information of the Issuer included in this Base Prospectus has not been prepared 
in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as adopted by the Union and there may be 
material differences in the financial information of the Issuer had Regulation (EC) 
No 1606/2002 been applied to the historical financial information of the Issuer. 
Narrative Description of the Differences of the Accounting Standards 
The financial information of the Issuer included in this Base Prospectus has been prepared under the 
United Kingdom standard FRS 102 but the Issuer has not taken advantage of certain reduced 
disclosure obligations allowed for small companies under FRS 102, so the statements required in 
accordance with IFRS on profit and loss, cash flow and changes in equity which form part of the

--- Page 7 ---
Page 7 of 81 
 
Audited Financial Statements as of 30 June 2021 and 2022 are prepared in line with IFRS. As such 
where, for relevant items, the accounting treatment of items could differ in the Issuer's financial 
statements under FRS 102 and IFRS, the actual treatment means they do not differ. The Issuer has 
taken advantage of an exemption available under FRS 102 (section 33.1A) from the requirement to 
disclose transactions with wholly owned members of the group. It is the professional opinion of the 
Issuer and the Issuer’s auditor AGK Partners that the Issuer's financial statements thus prepared are 
not materially different from financial statements prepared in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 as adopted by the Union. However, the European Commission has not yet taken a 
decision on whether equivalency status shall be granted. 
For the avoidance of doubt, such parts of the Audited Financial Statements as of 30 June 2020 and 
2021 respectively which are not explicitly listed in the tables above, are not incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus as these parts are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus.  
Any information not listed above but included in the documents incorporated by reference is given for 
information purposes only. 
Such parts of the documents which are explicitly listed above shall be deemed to be incorporated in, 
and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained in such a document shall 
be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a 
statement contained in this Base Prospectus modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be 
deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION 
For the term of this Base Prospectus, electronic versions of the following documents will be available 
on the Issuer's website under "www. pcplc.co.uk" (see also the links set out below in brackets). This 
Base Prospectus, the Audited Financial Statements as of 30 June 2020 and 2021 as well as the 
Issuer’s articles of association will be available for at least ten years after the publication of this Base 
Prospectus free of charge on the Issuer's website. 
(i) 
this Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus 
("https://www.pcplc.co.uk/pdfs/PCPLC_Prospectus_MM.pdf"); 
("https://www.pcplc.co.uk/prospectus-supplements"); 
(ii) 
each set of Final Terms for Bonds that are admitted to trading on a regulated market 
("https://www.pcplc.co.uk/final-terms"); 
(iii) 
the Issuer’s articles of association 
("https://pcplc.co.uk/pdfs/PCPLC_ARTICLES_OF_ASSOCIATION.pdf"); 
(iv) 
the Issuer’s memorandum 
("https://www.pcplc.co.uk/pdfs/Memorandum_of_Association_PCPLC.pdf"); 
(v) 
the Collateral Management Agreement 
("https://www.pcplc.co.uk/pdfs/Collateral_Security_Trust_Deed-
Execution_Version_REDACTED.pdf"); 
(vi) 
the Trust Deed 
("https://pcplc.co.uk/pdfs/PRINCIPAL_TRUST_DEED_PCPLC.pdf"); 
(vii) 
the Security Trust Deed 
("https://pcplc.co.uk/pdfs/PCPLC_SECRUITY_TRUST_DEED.pdf"); 
(viii) the Audited Financial Statements as of 30 June 2021 
("https://www.pcplc.co.uk/pdfs/PCPLC_June_2021_Accounts.pdf"); and 
(ix) 
the Audited Financial Statements as of 30 June 2022 
("https://www.pcplc.co.uk/pdfs/PCPLC_ACCOUNTS_JUNE_2022.pdf").

--- Page 8 ---
Page 8 of 81

--- Page 9 ---
Page 9 of 81 
 
RISK FACTORS 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Prospective investors should consider carefully the risks set forth below and the other information 
contained in this Base Prospectus prior to making any investment decision with respect to any Bonds. 
Prospective investors should note that the risks described below are not the only risks the Issuer 
faces. The Issuer has described only those risks relating to its business, operations, financial 
condition or prospects that it considers to be material and specific and of which it is currently aware. 
There may be additional risks that the Issuer currently considers not to be material and specific or of 
which it is not currently aware, and any of these risks could have the effects set forth above. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and should consult with their own professional advisers (including their financial, 
accounting, legal and tax advisers) and reach their own views prior to making any investment 
decision.  
Each of the Issuer related risks highlighted below could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, operations, financial condition or prospects which, in turn, could have a material adverse 
effect on the amount of principal and interest (if applicable) which investors will receive in respect of 
any Bonds. In addition, each of the Issuer related risks highlighted below could adversely affect the 
trading price of the Bonds or the rights of investors under the Bonds and, as a result, investors could 
lose some or all of their investment. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Bonds. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. Below the Issuer 
expresses its view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in the Bonds, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Bonds may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks 
by the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to 
anticipate. 
The risk factors herein are organised into the following categories below depending on their nature 
(with the most material risk factor mentioned first in each of the following categories): 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business 
The Issuer’s business carries an inherent risk that it is reliant on underlying borrower 
solvency and asset availability 
The investment objective in respect of each Tranche of Bonds issued is to be achieved through the 
use of the proceeds by the Issuer. The Issuer will use the proceeds of each Tranche of Bonds issued 
to enter into Borrower Loans (by way of the acquisition of pre-existing loan portfolios) with principal 
and interest payments made from Borrowers under the Borrower Loans intended to generate 
sufficient funds to enable the Issuer to satisfy its payment obligations under each relevant Series and 
Tranche of Bonds issued. 
Before any portfolio of Borrower Loans is acquired all cases will go through a strict review and 
assessment process, which will be carried out by the Collateral Manager, on behalf of the Issuer, but 
there is a risk in any such activity that information could be missed and the underlying loan portfolio 
could fail and cause a shortfall in the sums required to make coupon payments or the repayment of 
the principal sums. Monitoring checks will include but is not limited to financial analysis, market 
analysis and a full individual analysis. The Collateral Manager, on behalf of the Issuer, will monitor 
loans on an ongoing basis to make sure the credit risk remains within acceptable limits, but there are 
inherent risks in such business activities that failure could occur. In the event that there is a default by 
a Borrower, the liability for the repayment of the Bonds by the Issuer remains, but the ability to make 
such payments may be impacted, so the Bondholders are indirectly dependent on the performance of 
all Borrower Loans.  If such an event of default were to occur then the Bondholders could suffer a 
delay in repayments, or a partial loss or complete loss of the investment.

--- Page 10 ---
Page 10 of 81 
 
Risks relating to the credit risk of the Issuer 
The Issuer’s business carries an inherent risk that it is reliant on underlying borrower 
creditworthiness 
The Issuer has no material assets with the exception of the security taken over assets relating to or 
secured against the underlying Borrower Loans and the receivables in relation to those loans. 
Payments made in respect of each Tranche of Bonds will come entirely from payments in relation to 
the Borrower Loans. In the event that the Borrower Loans fail and there is an Event of Default on a 
loan, there is a risk that the Issuer will not be able to fulfil its contractual repayment obligation and to 
factually make payments that fall due, and so the Bondholders could suffer a partial or total loss 
against their investment as the Issuer could become insolvent.  If there is a default by the Issuer on its 
obligations to Bondholders, then there is also a risk that there would be a significant delay to any 
repayments as the provisions of the Collateral Security and any potential insolvency action would take 
time. 
The Issuer will use the net proceeds from Bonds issued to enter into Borrower Loans (by way of the 
acquisition of pre-existing loan portfolios) and there is credit risk inherent in any such loan activity. If a 
Borrower is unable to make payments, or if the assets which secure the underlying loans fail, then 
there is a risk that the Issuer cannot fulfil its contractual repayment obligation and factual payments 
cannot be made to Bondholders. Any adverse changes in credit quality and loan recoverability could 
affect the Issuer’s ability to make sufficient payments to satisfy its own payment obligations to the 
Bondholders and so the Bondholders could suffer a partial or total loss against their investment as the 
Issuer could become insolvent. 
Loss of value of the collateral against which borrower loans are secured 
In the event of a fall in real estate or asset values, there is a risk that the overall value of the security 
against which the bonds are secured could fall and could lead to greater exposure and ultimately a 
lack of assets to be realised to pay the bond redemptions and so the Bondholders could suffer a 
partial or total loss against their investment as the Issuer could become insolvent.  
Since no revaluation of the value of the security against which the bonds are secured will be carried 
out prior to the acquisition of the portfolio of Borrower Loans, it is possible that the underlying 
collateral asset value could be lower than originally valued at the time of their acquisition. If so then 
there may not be sufficient income arising to the Issuer and so the Bondholders could suffer a partial 
or total loss against their investment as the Issuer could become insolvent. 
A downturn in business condition or the general economy in the UK may adversely affect all 
aspects of the Issuer’s business 
The Borrower assets which will be subject to the Borrower Security will mainly be located in the UK 
and as such the geographical concentration of credit risk is mainly centred on the UK making the 
Issuer sensitive to adverse changes in the UK economy, which could impact on the value of the 
security taken as part of Borrower Security. In particular, the rising interest rates in the world, 
continued rising inflation and the war in Ukraine and its continued impact on raw material prices, may 
cause issues with the UK economy and slower growth or even lead to a recession which may impact 
real estate and asset prices and reduce the value of security available. Such decreases in value of 
security could have an impact on the Issuer’s ability to make payments to the Bondholders. 
The Issuer would not consider financing assets in which the repayment of the loan was not already 
identified, however, changes may occur to a borrower’s business or the wider economic climate that 
could cause repayments to not be met and so the Bondholders could suffer a partial or total loss 
against their investment as the Issuer could become insolvent.  
Changes and mismatches in interest rates may adversely impact on the Issuer’s revenue 
and/or profits 
A substantial fall in the general cost of lending in the UK may adversely impact the availability of 
Borrower Loans and thus the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its contractual repayment obligation and to 
factually make payments to Bondholders. If such an event of default were to occur then the 
Bondholders could suffer a delay in repayments, or a partial loss or complete loss of the investment. 
Possible exposure of the Issuer to fraud 
The Issuer is exposed to possible fraud by Borrowers, purported Borrowers, their professional 
advisors such as solicitors, accountants or valuers as well as by employees. Attempted fraud typically 
involves Borrowers either acting alone or in concert with professional advisors, seeking to obtain

--- Page 11 ---
Page 11 of 81 
 
funds by adopting a false identity or using a false inflated property valuation or purporting to own a 
property or seeking a release of security without redeeming the underlying loan. In addition, solicitors 
could abscond with completion monies. If such an event of default were to occur then the 
Bondholders could suffer a delay in repayments, or a partial loss or complete loss of the investment. 
The Issuer may experience severe economic disruptions, as those for instance are induced by 
the worldwide corona virus (COVID-19) pandemic, which may have significant negative effects 
on the Issuer and its clients.  
The Issuer is exposed to multiple risks in relation to a worldwide pandemic (such as that caused by 
the corona virus SARS-CoV-2 ("COVID-19")) and the measures taken by sovereigns, companies and 
others to prevent the spread of such an infection. The Issuer’s portfolio quality could suffer or 
deteriorate, and non-performing loans may increase if respective loan moratoria regulations are lifted. 
If the economic conditions worsen beyond the level foreseen, this could result in credit losses 
exceeding the amount of any loan loss provisions and so the Bondholders could suffer a partial or 
total loss against their investment as the Issuer could become insolvent.  
Risk relating to fluctuations or differences between jurisdictions 
The Issuer mainly operates in the UK, and there is a risk that the activities and the rules relating to the 
underlying business and methods of taking security over the Borrower Loan portfolios will be 
unfamiliar to investors. In this regard, the laws of England may be less favourable or less fair to 
investors' interests than the laws of Austria, including the fact that English Law has a limitation of 
liability period for claims at a maximum of 15 years (being the longest period for claims involving 
deeds) compared to 30 years in Austria, which could mean that certain claims are time barred in the 
United Kingdom which would not have been in Austria. 
RISK RELATING TO THE COLLATERAL MANAGER  
The failure to attract, retain or replace senior management and skilled personnel could have a 
detrimental impact on the Collateral Manager’s business 
Under the terms of the Collateral Management Agreement the Collateral Manager has agreed to 
appoint senior management and skilled employees to act as its Credit Committee, with experience 
relevant to the proposed business, and whilst they will be in place at the outset of the Programme, the 
Issuer’s ability to ensure that it can fulfil its obligations under the Bonds is dependent on the Collateral 
Manager’s ability to recruit, retain and develop appropriately skilled, competent people to assess the 
Borrower Loans proposed to be procured and to approve the procurement of such Borrower Loans. If 
the Credit Committee is not able successfully assess credit risk of Borrowers and the Borrower Loans 
proposed to be procured, then it may not be able to sustain its business as anticipated as it will not be 
able to obtain a sufficient pool of Borrower Loans to generate sufficient revenue to fulfil its contractual 
repayment obligation and to factually make coupon payments and so the Bondholders could suffer a 
partial or total loss against their investment as the Issuer could become insolvent. 
There is a risk that the Issuer’s activities could become regulated activities, which would 
materially impact on costs 
The Issuer primarily operates within the United Kingdom and the relevant legislation within the United 
Kingdom, being section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 provides that a person 
must not carry on a regulated activity in the UK, or purport to do so, unless he is an authorised or an 
exempt person. As at the date of the Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer’s nor the Collateral 
Manager’s activities constitute a regulated activity within the meaning of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) Order 2001 (SI 2001/544). However, changes to the 
regulatory regime would have an impact with additional regulatory costs to the Issuer. The Collateral 
Manager will not carry out any regulated activities without becoming an authorised or an exempt 
person. This can result in additional financial burdens for the Issuer and could adversely affect its 
financial position. If such an event of default were to occur then the Bondholders could suffer a delay 
in receiving payments, or could suffer a partial loss or complete loss of the investment.

--- Page 12 ---
Page 12 of 81 
 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUANCE OF BONDS 
Prospective Bondholders, which are the subject of this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final 
Terms, should consider the following risk factors, which are specific to the Bonds and which are 
material for taking an informed investment decision and should make such decision only on the basis 
of this Base Prospectus as whole, including the relevant Final Terms. 
No person should acquire Bonds without a thorough understanding of the mechanism of the relevant 
Bonds and without being aware of the potential risk of loss. Any prospective Bondholder should 
carefully examine whether an investment in the Bonds is appropriate given his or her personal 
circumstances and financial situation. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and should consult with their own professional advisers (including their financial, 
accounting, legal and tax advisers) and reach their own views prior to making any investment 
decision. 
Words and expressions defined in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Bonds" shall have 
the same meanings in this section "Risks relating to the Bonds". 
The risk factors herein are organised into the following categories below depending on their nature 
(with the most material risk factor mentioned first in each of the following categories): 
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF BONDS 
The Bonds could be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Bonds. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Bonds, the market value of those Bonds generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Bonds when the cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Bonds. At those times an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Bonds being redeemed and 
may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Notwithstanding if the Issuer exercises an early redemption right in relation to the Bonds the 
Bondholders are exposed to the risk that due to such early redemption their investments may have a 
different than expected yield and maturity. 
Bonds could be issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero-Coupon Bonds) or 
premium to their nominal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates 
than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of 
the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities 
with comparable maturities. A Bondholder of Zero-Coupon Bonds is exposed to the risk that the 
market price of such Bonds falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate. Market prices of 
Zero-Coupon Bonds are more volatile than market prices of Fixed Rate Bonds and are likely to 
respond to a greater degree to market interest rate changes than interest bearing instruments with a 
similar maturity. 
RISKS RELATING TO BONDS GENERALLY 
The Bonds are not protected by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme 
Unlike a bank deposit, the Bonds are not protected by the UK Financial Services Compensation 
Scheme (the "FSCS") or any other government savings or deposit protection scheme. As a result, the 
FSCS will not pay compensation to an investor in the Bonds upon the failure of the Issuer. If the 
Issuer goes out of business or becomes insolvent, Bondholders may lose all or part of their 
investment in the Bonds. 
Risk relating to modification and waivers authorised by a bondholder majority 
The Terms and Conditions of the Bonds contain provisions for calling meetings of Bondholders to 
consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind 
all Bondholders including Bondholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Bondholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.

--- Page 13 ---
Page 13 of 81 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Bonds also provide that the Trustee may without the consent of the 
Bondholders, agree to (a) any modification of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed or the Terms 
and Conditions of the Bonds that is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest error, or (b) any other modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed), and any waiver 
or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of any of the provisions of the Bonds of the Trust 
Deed that is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Bondholders. 
However, any such changes could have a negative impact on the position of the Bondholders and the 
Bondholders could suffer a delay in receiving payments, or could suffer a partial loss or complete loss 
of the investment 
Risk relating to the default of the Borrower Loans 
The Bondholders have security over the Issuer’s assets. In the event of non-repayment of a Borrower 
Loan by a Borrower, there would be a default under the Borrower Loan Agreement, and the Trustee 
would be entitled to exercise its enforcement rights, on behalf of the Bondholders, in accordance with 
the Trust Deed and would apply the recovered sums towards the required interest coupon payments; 
and if necessary repay the principal amounts due on the Bonds themselves. This in turn means that 
the position of the Bondholders does not only depend on the repayment of a single Borrower Loan but 
also indirectly on the repayment of the remaining Borrower Loans. The default of one of the Borrower 
Loans that are securing another Series of Bonds can therefore have a negative impact on the position 
of the Bondholders.  
Exchange rate risks may occur, if a Bondholder's financial activities are denominated in a 
currency or currency unit other than the Specified Currency in which the Issuer will make 
principal and interest payments or in which the Borrower Loans are concluded. Furthermore, 
government and monetary authorities may impose exchange controls that could adversely 
affect an applicable exchange rate.  
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Bonds in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if a Holder's financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit ("Holder's Currency") other than the Specified Currency of 
the Bonds or of the Borrower Loans. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly 
change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Holder's 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Holder's Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Holder's Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Holder's Currency-equivalent yield on the Bonds, (ii) the 
Holder's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Bonds, and (iii) the Holder's 
Currency-equivalent market price of the Bonds. Government and monetary authorities may impose 
(as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable 
exchange rate. As a result, Bondholders may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal. 
Risks relating to receipts of payments in an event of default  
Where there has been a default by a Borrower which leads to an event of default in the Issuer being 
able to pay the Bondholders their coupons or the principle sums, there are certain costs, such as 
those of solicitors, insolvency practitioners or the Courts that may rank ahead of the Bondholders. 
Additionally, there is a materiality threshold in the Trust Deed set at £20,000,000 in the aggregate 
which means that no action shall be taken, so as to reduce the costs of taking action for default and to 
try and maximise returns to Bondholders. In such circumstances the Bondholders could suffer a delay 
in receiving payments or could suffer a partial loss or complete loss of the investment. 
Risks relating to changes or disparities in rates and applicability of Taxation 
Prospective investors and sellers of the Bonds should be aware that they may be required to pay 
taxes or other documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the 
country where the Bonds are transferred in Austria or the United Kingdom. Where such costs exist the 
Bondholders could experience a reduction in the returns received on the investment. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET GENERALLY 
The Bonds may not be accepted for listing on a Market and/or inclusion in the Vienna MTF of 
the Vienna Stock Exchange  
There is a risk that the Bonds may not be accepted for listing on a Market and/or inclusion in the 
Vienna MTF of the Vienna Stock Exchange or that if such a listing or inclusion were obtained, that 
there may be circumstances which would cause the Bonds to be de-listed. This may make the bonds

--- Page 14 ---
Page 14 of 81 
 
less liquid or lower in value than would otherwise be the case. Therefore, the possibility of the 
Bondholders to sell the Bonds could be limited. If trading in Bonds is suspended, interrupted or 
terminated price disruptions are likely to be the consequence; for example, where trading in Bonds is 
suspended after price-sensitive information relating to such Bonds has been published, the market 
price of such Bonds may already have been adversely affected. All these risks would, if they 
materialise, have a material adverse effect on the Bondholders such that the Bondholders could suffer 
a delay in receiving payments, or could suffer a partial loss or complete loss of the investment 
There is no established secondary market generally for the Bonds, which will limit liquidity 
The Bonds have no established trading market when issued and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Bonds easily or at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Bonds that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. Generally, these 
types of Bonds would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a material adverse effect on the market price of 
Bonds. In such circumstances then the Bondholders could suffer a delay in receiving payments, or 
could suffer a partial loss or complete loss of the investment

--- Page 15 ---
Page 15 of 81 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
Structure Diagram 
The structure diagram below is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and 
the applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall 
have the same meaning in this structure diagram. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Appendix 1 -  
Appendix 2 -  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SECURED BONDHOLDERS 
 
Propiteer Capital Plc (1)("Issuer") 
 
BORROWERS 
City Partnership Trustee Limited 
(3)("Trustee") 
Propiteer Collateral Manager Limited (2) ("Borrower 
Security Trustee") 
Bonds Issued 
(b) 
Subscription 
Money paid 
(a) 
Borrower 
Lender 
relationship (c) 
Global Custodian 
Services Ltd (4) 
("Custodian") 
Right to 
Borrower Loan 
receivables (d) 
Payment of monies 
from loans to service 
coupons to Custodian 
Issuer Security (and ultimately 
Collateral Security) held on trust for 
the Bondholders`
Issuer Security & 
Collateral Security 
Collections agent, loan 
administration & management of 
Collateral. Borrower Security 
Borrower Security held 
on trust for the issuer 
Bond 
coupon paid 
and bond 
redemption 
(e)

--- Page 16 ---
Page 16 of 81 
 
Parties 
1. Propiteer Capital PLC – Is the Issuer of Bonds using funds received from investors to acquire 
Borrower Loans (which are already loaned to borrowers) with security taken over the assets 
of Borrowers by way of a legal charge (the "Borrower Security"). 
2. Propiteer Collateral Manager Limited – Acts on behalf of the Issuer providing an independent 
Credit Committee to review and assess all borrower loans within a portfolio and the security 
being provided. The Credit Committee is independent from the Propiteer Capital PLC and 
works at arms-length. The Collateral Manager also acts as a collection agent, loan 
administrator and manager of collateral within the portfolio. 
3. City Partnership Trustee Limited – Under the Trust Deed the Trustee acts for the benefit of 
the Bondholders, by holding a legal charge over all of the assets of the Issuer (the "Issuer 
Security") and over the Collateral Managers assets rights and proceeds in the Custodian 
account (the "Collateral Security"). 
4. Global Custodian Services Ltd – Are authorised by the FCA to act as Custodian for investor 
funds. 
Movement of Funds 
a) Investors funds are initially deposited into a Segregated custodian account with Global 
Custodian Services Ltd.  
b) At the point of issuing Bonds, funds are transferred from the custodian account to Propiteer 
Capital PLC. 
c) As Borrower Loans are already in place funds are then paid from Propiteer Capital PLC to 
original lenders and the Borrowers have a new lender relationship with Propiteer Capital PLC.  
d) Borrowers, as agreed in the Facility Agreements, make interest payments (and loan capital 
repayments) back to Propiteer Capital PLC on the agreed schedules.  
e) Propiteer Capital PLC receives monies from the Borrower Loan portfolio and makes the 
required interest and principle payments to Bondholders. 
Security 
1. All Borrower Loans have existing security in place, usually by way of a legal charge on 
assets. 
2. Propiteer Collateral Manager Limited holds the security on Trust for the Issuer. 
3. City Partnership Trustee Limited through the Trust Deed holds security over the Collateral 
Manager and over all and any security it holds for the benefit of Bondholders. Should an 
event occur where Propiteer Capital PLC or Propiteer Collateral Manager Limited are not in a 
position to perform then City Partnership Trustee Limited can then step in for the benefit of 
the Bondholders to realise the collateral secured for the Borrower Loans.

--- Page 17 ---
Page 17 of 81 
 
PROPITEER CAPITAL PLC  
The Issuer is a public limited company registered and incorporated in England and Wales (with 
registration number 12101322) which is owned by Propiteer Capital Holdings Limited, but which does 
not have any ultimate controller. The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle set up to issue asset backed 
securities with the net proceeds from each issue being used to procure portfolios of Borrower Loans 
from Borrowers secured against the Collateral. The Issuer is a wholly owned subsidiary of Propiteer 
Capital Holdings Limited (an English registered company with number 12091224) which has no 
registrable person with significant control. Propiteer Capital Holdings Limited and the Collateral 
Manager have two shareholders in common, Robert Scott and Linda Scott (who hold 22% in each 
company) but this is not a controlling interest, they are not directors and do not have the power to 
appoint directors to either company. For the purposes of English Law, there are no controllers of 
Propiteer Capital Holdings Limited so control of the Issuer reverts to the board of directors of the 
Issuer and these are independent of the Collateral Manager. The Issuer will have an investment 
strategy focused on procuring loan facilities which have been advanced to various sized enterprises. 
The decision to procure loans will reside with the Credit Committee of the Collateral Manager, who 
will consider a variety of loan portfolio opportunities. The Collateral Manager has appointed external 
and independent non-executive directors, who are unconnected with the Issuer or any company 
linked to the Issuer or any connected party, to oversee the independence of the Credit Committee. 
From time to time there may be changes in the constitution of the board of the Issuer or the Collateral 
Manager, which will be notified to investors, but the relevant page of the Issuer’s website 
www. pcplc.co.uk will be maintained and up to date. 
Directors 
The directors of the Issuer are: 
David Gaynor 
David is a seasoned contractor with over forty years of experience and expertise. With a focus on 
high-end property construction, he has managed, at the most senior level, high-profile international 
projects, including iconic sovereign developments in the Middle East. 
Paul Lack 
A Barrister by training, Paul began his career in private practice before transferring to the employed 
bar in the late ‘90s. During his career he has, gained wide experience in the financial services sector, 
working in almost every facet of compliance, legal and operations at a variety of investment firms; 
establishing himself as a multi-talented senior executive with an operational and commercial 
approach.  
Now an independent consultant, Paul’s recent positions include CEO at Met Facilities LLP, a 
regulatory hosting platform. Group Chief Operating Officer at Exotix Partners LLP, an emerging 
market fixed-income and equities brokerage and research house and corporate finance advisor. Paul 
is also a non-executive director and founding shareholder of a regtech software business, AxiomHq, 
providing compliance and assurance software to financial services firms; large and small.  
THE COLLATERAL MANAGER 
The Collateral Manager has been established to manage the day to day administration arising in 
relation to the Borrower Loan portfolios on behalf of the Issuer. This function includes the monitoring 
of payments required under Borrower Loan agreements, and dealing with the collection of sums due 
for interest and capital, as well as dealing with any requests from Borrowers and any defaults that 
may occur to manage the loan portfolio to ensure monies are received. Under the terms of the 
Collateral Management Agreement, agreed with the Issuer to provide a well-respected advisory board 
made up of individuals who will act as its Credit Committee. The Credit Committee members have 
experience and backgrounds in all aspects of real estate property development including commercial 
and residential, development, refurbishment and long-term rental income portfolios.

--- Page 18 ---
Page 18 of 81 
 
The Credit Committee will approve a panel of some of the UK’s leading valuation firms including 
Savills (UK) Limited, Knight Frank LLP, Colliers International Group Inc., CBRE Group Inc. and 
Gerald Eve LLP. 
Independent valuations will be made by selected members of the panel valuing the assets provided 
as security by borrowers and overseen by the Credit Committee. 
The Collateral Manager was established in February 2020 specifically for the purposes set out above, 
and is operated by experienced individuals who deal with real estate lending, investment and 
development transactions (details of which are below). In the event that a director of the Collateral 
Manager mentioned below, ceases to be director, the Collateral Manager has undertaken to ensure 
that it appoints a replacement with equivalent expertise and experience. 
Directors and Credit Committee Chairman 
Paul Hole - Director of Collateral Manager, and Company Secretary of the Issuer and Credit 
Committee Chairman 
Paul has worked in the banking and financial industry for twenty-eight years, gaining experience in 
asset financial modelling, regulatory and compliance processes. A seasoned compliance manager, he 
is able to use his expertise to reduce the level of risk to lenders and borrowers alike. Paul is 
experienced at forging relationships with external third-party contractors, developers, significant 
investors and introducers.  
Paul brings over seventeen years’ experience at Goldman Sachs International as an Executive 
Director (VP) within Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities Division trading division, working with 
complex financial products and commodities. 
Paul Hole is Company Secretary of the Issuer (an administrative non-board role), as well as a Director 
of the Collateral Manager and the Chair of the Credit Committee and is also head of Investor 
Relations and Compliance at Propiteer Limited, part of the Propiteer group, which has given its 
permission for him to be appointed to the board of the Collateral Manager and to sit on the Credit 
Committee. Paul is also director of VCAP Capital Limited which is authorised and regulated by the 
Financial Conduct Authority (FRN: 790419). 
Estelle Tague – Independent Credit Committee Director 
Estelle Tague is a Partner at RWK Goodman LLP and previously worked in the Private Wealth 
department and a member of Druces’ International Wealth and Fiduciary team. Estelle has a 
particular focus on providing complex tax planning services for international and domestic high net 
worth individuals, trustees and property owners. She is highly recommended for her expert knowledge 
in both international and UK estate planning. 
Starting her career in taxation at KPMG and PwC, Estelle later moved to the Bar and completed her 
tax pupillage at Pump Court Tax Chambers. She is well regarded for her experience in advising 
clients on structures to protect their worldwide assets and wealth, including trusts and other 
succession planning vehicles both onshore and off. She is also highly regarded as an adviser to the 
trustees of those structures. Estelle’s other specialisms include SDLT (stamp duty land tax) planning, 
Charity law, tax planning on divorce and handling HMRC tax investigations. 
Stephen Connolly – Non-Executive Director and Head of Treasury 
As Non-Executive Director and Head of Treasury Stephen manages the senior finance of the Issuer. 
Stephen has significant experience gained at Director level with both Bank of Ireland and Santander 
where he managed portfolios of up to £2bn. 
He is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants and past Chairman of the NI Institute of 
Bankers. Stephen has a strong focus on corporate finance, treasury and risk management. 
Collateral Management Agreement 
In accordance with the collateral management agreement entered into between the Issuer and the 
Collateral Manager (the "Collateral Management Agreement"), the Collateral Manager will be 
responsible for Borrower Loan procurement through reputable introductions as well as managing the

--- Page 19 ---
Page 19 of 81 
 
portfolio of loans on behalf of the Issuer and providing loan administration services including acting as 
collections agent.  
The Collateral Management Agreement will be secured by the Collateral Manager granting a legal 
charge over the fixed and intangible assets and/or assignment over its assets (the "Collateral 
Security"). This security will be granted in favour of the City Partnership Trustee Limited (the 
"Collateral Security Trustee").  
The principal terms of the Collateral Management Agreement will be for the Collateral Manager to be 
paid £1,000 per Credit Committee meeting, and for the Collateral Manager to be paid a fee of 0.25% 
of the value of the Borrower Loan on successful procurement of a Borrower Loan and a fee of 1% on 
the redemption of a Borrower Loan. Default by the Collateral Manager under the Collateral 
Management Agreement will entitle the Trustee to enforce the Issuer Security. The Issuer shall be 
required to provide the Collateral Manager with 3 months’ notice of termination of the Collateral 
Management Agreement and the Collateral Manager shall be required to provide no less than 12 
months’ notice after the first 12-month period. Where either the Issuer or the Collateral Manager gives 
notice terminating the Collateral Management Agreement, such termination shall only take effect once 
the Issuer has appointed a replacement collateral manager ("Replacement Collateral Manager") that 
the directors of the Issuer are of the belief has no less expertise than that of the Collateral Manager to 
undertake the services provided by the Collateral Manager under the Collateral Management 
Agreement. The replacement of the Collateral Manager will also need to be agreed to by the 
Bondholders, who would be provided with details of the replacement provider and would be required 
to pass a simple majority vote of 50% of those Bondholders voting. 
Borrower Loans 
The Issuer shall use the proceeds from each Tranche of Bonds to procure portfolios of loans which 
have already been entered into, with each pool of assets being identified prior to issuance of the 
relevant Tranche of Bonds and deployment taking place once drawdown of funds have been 
completed (each a "Borrower Loan" and, together, the "Borrower Loans") which have been 
advanced to borrowers (each a "Borrower" and, together the "Borrowers") meeting strict eligibility 
criteria pursuant to the terms of a loan agreement (each, a "Borrower Loan Agreement" and, 
together the "Borrower Loan Agreements"). On completion of the acquisition of a loan, the legal 
nature of each Borrower Loan is that of a debt obligation owed by the Borrower to the Issuer. The 
Borrower Loans will be secured against the Collateral which produce funds sufficient to service any 
payments due and payable on the Bonds issued under a particular Series of Bonds.  
The proceeds applied by the Issuer to procure Borrower Loans may be sourced from proceeds 
relating to more than one Series of Bonds. In circumstances where the proceeds applied to acquire 
the relevant Borrower Loan are sourced from more than one Series of Bonds, the respective interests 
of each relevant Series of Bonds in the relevant Borrower Loan and the security granted by the Issuer 
under the Trust Deed will rank pari passu and pro rata according to the portion of the acquisition price 
funded by the relevant Series of Bonds. Additionally, any interest receivable in relation to such 
Borrower Loans shall be split pro rata and applied to such Series of Bonds which have acquired such 
Borrower Loans in the relevant proportions that they have funded the acquisitions. 
Each Borrower Loan Agreement will contain customary representations and warranties from the 
Borrower to the Issuer, including without limitation, representations and warranties as to the due 
incorporation of the Borrower, the power of the Borrower to enter into the Borrower Loan Agreement, 
that the Borrower has all necessary authorisations to enter into the Borrower Loan Agreement and 
that such entry will not contravene any other obligations of that Borrower, that the Borrower has all 
necessary authorisations to enter into the Borrower Loan Agreement and that such entry will not 
contravene any other obligations of that Borrower, that the Borrower is not required to make any 
deductions of tax, that the Borrower Loan Agreement is enforceable under English law (or an 
equivalent), that there will be no default from the making of the Borrower Loan, that there has been no

--- Page 20 ---
Page 20 of 81 
 
material adverse change in the business or assets of the Borrower, that the Borrower is not subject to 
any material litigation, that the Borrower’s obligations rank pari passu with all its other obligations and 
that the Borrower has good title to all its assets. 
The Issuer will create separate Series of Bonds (and Tranches of a Series) from time to time to 
enable Bonds to be issued with varying terms and interest rates. Following the relevant issue date of 
Bonds, the Issuer will procure Borrower Loans in an aggregate principal amount equal to the amount 
set out in the Final Terms for such Series. Such amounts will equal the aggregate nominal amount of 
Bonds being issued pursuant to such Series less certain costs and expenses of the Issuer and an 
amount which the Issuer determines is required to be kept in cash or cash equivalents for liquidity 
purposes. 
The Borrower Loans will broadly fall into two categories: (a) secured loans to individuals and 
undertakings for the purpose of commercial property acquisition or development; and (b) secured 
loans to small and medium sized undertakings for business purposes. It will be an obligation of the 
Issuer to ensure that the secured loans made for the purpose of commercial property development 
amount to less than 20% of the underlying loan portfolio in respect of the proceeds of each Tranche of 
Bonds. This requirement will be subject to ongoing testing. 
In relation to the Borrower Loans, the security may take the form of tangible commercial or residential 
property along with other security types which will be considered including assignments of rental 
income relating to secured assets and debentures/deeds of charge over the entire undertaking of 
Borrowers where appropriate security is available.  
When issuing Bonds using Final Terms, in the event that Borrower Loans are secured on or backed 
by real property, the relevant valuation of the properties for the purpose of the issue and the 
valuations quoted shall be as at the date of the original loan agreement which has been acquired by 
the Issuer, unless the Credit Committee require otherwise. The Collateral Manager’s due diligence for 
each Borrower Loan, on behalf of the Issuer, will follow the following process: 
1. 
Review valuation or appraisal of the security being offered from approved panel of valuation 
agents, all with appropriate professional indemnity insurance. The Collateral Manager may 
consider other Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors ("RICS”) valuations from other 
specialist valuers where specific real estate asset classes require additional expertise;  
2. 
Obtain credit check / reference on the Borrower and assets held; 
3. 
Obtain personal guarantees from the directors of the corporate Borrower if the Credit 
Committee requires; 
4. 
Undertake all the required know-your-client and anti-money laundering checks on Borrower;  
5. 
Understand the Borrower’s existing finance arrangements and check track record if there is a 
proposed development loan; 
6. 
Approval from the Credit Committee; 
7. 
Agree terms with the Borrower, and 
8. 
Solicitors (with expertise in real estate finance) instructed to prepare the loan and charge 
documents and check the Collateral is suitable for lending purposes.  
There will be more than five Borrowers who will provide the security for each Series of Bonds and the 
principal amount of each Borrower Loan will not account for 20% or more of the aggregate principal 
amount of all Borrower Loans outstanding per Series of Bonds. Each payment due under the 
Borrower Loan Agreement will be collected by the Collateral Manager, on behalf of the Issuer, and 
paid into the Collateral Manager Custodian Account, an account opened by the Collateral Manager 
with the Custodian and over which security is granted by the Collateral Manager in favour of the 
Collateral Security Trustee.

--- Page 21 ---
Page 21 of 81 
 
Substitution of Borrower Loans 
Where there is an issue with a Borrower Loan, the Issuer will task the Credit Committee (via the 
Collateral Manager) with finding alternative Borrower Loans in order to comply with the Borrower Loan 
Eligibility Criteria (as defined below) or satisfy the minimum diversification criteria. In compliance with 
the Borrower Loan Eligibility Criteria, the Borrower Loans cannot be substituted with a different class 
or quality of assets. Where there is such a substitution, there should be a corresponding improvement 
in the portfolio of Borrower Loans as it will enhance the returns available in the portfolio by replacing 
an underperforming loan with a performing loan which can make interest payments. 
Worked Example 
Whilst the rest of this Base Prospectus sets out background to the Programme, the following is a 
worked example and summary of the type of loan portfolio of Borrower Loans, which will be procured 
by the Issuer from the funds raised from the first Tranche of Bonds issued.  
The Issuer issues Final Terms for a Series under the Programme, called "Propiteer Capital Series 
"*"Bonds" (where * will denote the number of the Series). In this example the Propiteer Capital Series 
"1" Bonds will pay a fixed coupon of 12% per annum, quarterly and will mature in two years. The 
example assumes the Bonds have a first coupon payment due two months after the Bonds were 
issued.  
This Series will raise £1,500,000. The cost of the issuance will be £150,000, which are constituted by 
legal fees, accounting fees, listing fees, broker fees and administrative costs. The net proceeds of the 
Series will be £1,350,000. The Issuer will transfer this amount to the Collateral Manager under the 
terms of the Collateral Management Agreement, who has arranged a portfolio of Borrower Loans in 
that amount, consisting of 6 separate loans as set out in detail below. Once all costs and fees relating 
to the Borrower Loans, plus the interest payable and the principle sums are collated, they cover all 
potential sums due to the Bondholders for both principle and coupon payments, plus a margin to 
cover the operational costs of the Issuer, which can instead be distributed to Bondholders in the event 
of a shortfall arising from a default.  
The Borrower Loans are property investment loans. Each Borrower Loan will meet the Borrower Loan 
Eligibility Criteria and security will have been taken and as part of the arrangements the Trustee will 
take control of the Security in favour of the Issuer and the Bondholders.  
The example Borrower Loan portfolio consists of: 
Borrower Loan 1 - Property Investment Loan 
 
Principal Amount: 
£205,000 
Value of assets over which security is being granted: 
£405,000 
Interest: 
1.75% monthly 
Borrower Credit Score/Repayment history: 
Good 
Monthly Repayment: 
£3,588 
Term: 
24 months 
Arrangement Fee: 
£4,100 
Administration Fee: 
£2,050 
Cost Contribution*: 
£10,000 
Exit Fee**:  
£4,100 
Early Repayment: 
Yes, 3 months interest payable on 
exit 
Principal: 
Payable at end of term

--- Page 22 ---
Page 22 of 81 
 
Borrower Loan 2 - Property Investment Loan 
 
Principal Amount: 
£257,000 
Value of assets over which security is being granted: 
£450,000 
Interest: 
1.75% monthly 
Borrower Credit Score/Repayment history: 
Excellent 
Monthly Repayment: 
£4,498 
Term: 
24 months 
Arrangement Fee: 
£5,140 
Administration Fee: 
£2,570 
Cost Contribution*: 
£10,000 
Exit Fee**: 
£5,140 
Early Repayment: 
Yes 
Principal: 
Payable at end of term 
Borrower Loan 3 - Property Investment Loan 
 
Principal Amount: 
£173,000 
Value of assets over which security is being granted: 
£250,000 
Interest: 
2.00% monthly 
Borrower Credit Score/Repayment history: 
Excellent 
Monthly Repayment: 
£3,460 
Term: 
24 months 
Arrangement Fee: 
£3,460 
Administration Fee: 
£1,730 
Cost Contribution*: 
£10,000 
Exit Fee**: 
£3,460 
Early Repayment: 
No 
Principal: 
Payable at end of term 
Borrower Loan 4 - Property Investment Loan 
 
Principal Amount: 
£265,000 
Value of assets over which security is being granted: 
£620,000 
Interest: 
2.00% monthly 
Borrower Credit Score/Repayment history: 
Fair 
Monthly Repayment: 
£5,300 
Term: 
24 months 
Arrangement Fee: 
£5,300 
Administration Fee: 
£2,650 
Cost Contribution*: 
£10,000 
Exit Fee**: 
£5,300 
Early Repayment: 
Yes 
Principal: 
Payable at end of term 
Borrower Loan 5 - Property Investment Loan 
 
Principal Amount: 
£250,000

--- Page 23 ---
Page 23 of 81 
 
Value of assets over which security is being granted: 
£365,000 
Interest: 
1.75% monthly 
Borrower Credit Score/Repayment history: 
Good 
Monthly Repayment: 
£4,375 
Term: 
24 months 
Administration Fee: 
£5,000 
Arrangement Fee: 
£2,500 
Cost Contribution*: 
£10,000 
Exit Fee**: 
£5,000 
Early Repayment: 
Yes, 3 months interest payable on 
exit 
Principal: 
Payable at end of term 
Borrower Loan 6 - Property Investment Loan 
 
Principal Amount: 
£200,000 
Value of assets over which security is being granted: 
£305,000 
Interest: 
2.00% monthly 
Borrower Credit Score/Repayment history: 
Good 
Monthly Repayment: 
£4,000 
Term: 
24 months 
Administration Fee: 
£4,000 
Arrangement Fee: 
£2,000 
Cost Contribution*: 
£10,000 
Exit Fee**: 
£4,000 
Early Repayment: 
Yes, 3 months interest payable on 
exit 
Principal: 
Payable at end of term 
__________________ 
* Cost Contribution means a contribution towards the legal costs of the Issuer in connection with the 
loan and security documentation. 
** Exit Fee means a fee payable by the Borrower in relation to the redemption of a Borrower Loan. 
The monthly interest payments for each Borrower Loan are collected and administered by the 
Collateral Manager, on behalf of the Issuer. Sums are remitted to the Custodian to cover the required 
coupon payment in accordance with the Conditions and are paid by the Paying Agent on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date under the Bonds.  
The below portfolio analysis sets out the fact that the balance of monies loaned compared to security 
means that the Bonds are fully collateralised. It also demonstrates that the required payments due 
under the Bonds are more than sufficiently covered by the income received from the portfolio of 
Borrower Loans, even in the event of a default by a third of the portfolio, which given the due diligence 
is considered most unlikely. 
Portfolio Analysis 
Total Borrower Loan portfolio (total of Borrower Loans): 
£1,350,000 
Total asset valued secured (total value of assets): 
£2,395,000

--- Page 24 ---
Page 24 of 81 
 
Total exposure: 
56% loan-to-value* 
Maximum single loan percentage (loan to value): 
69%** 
Total principal amount of Bonds for Series * Bonds: 
£1,500,000 
Coupon payment required for Bonds per month (accrued and 
payable quarterly): 
£15,000 
Monthly income received from Borrower Loan repayments on 
Borrower Loan portfolio: 
£25,221 
Total income on portfolio to Maturity (interest, administration 
fee, arrangement fee, cost contribution and exit fee, but 
excluding principle sum): 
£732,804 
Total principle sum advanced: 
£1,350,000 
Total required payments to Bondholders (coupon and 
principle) 
£1,860,000 
* 56% loan-to-value was calculated as the total exposure to principle loan sums outstanding against 
the total value of assets secured against those loans (1,350,000 / 2,395,000). 
** 69% maximum single loan percentage (loan to value) was calculated as the principle loan sum 
against the total value of assets secured against the loan of Borrower Loan 3 (173,000 / 250,000). 
The Bondholders have security over the Issuer’s assets (which are held on trust for the Bondholders 
by the Trustee). In the event of non-repayment of a Borrower Loan by a Borrower, there would be a 
default under the Borrower Loan Agreement, and the Trustee would be entitled to exercise its 
enforcement rights, on behalf of the Bondholders, in accordance with the Trust Deed and would apply 
the recovered sums towards the required interest coupon payments; and if necessary repay the 
principal amounts due on the Bonds themselves. As can be seen above, the Bonds will be fully 
collateralised by the fact that the underlying Borrower Loan portfolio procured will have a loan-to-
value limit exposure of 59%. Thus, full recovery would be expected even if there was significant 
default of over half the portfolio; which is considered most unlikely.  
Stress Testing – Default Scenarios 
The examples below look at a stress tested scenario regarding the default of the two larger loan-to-
value Borrower Loans in the portfolio, and which have the largest loan payments, Borrower Loans 2 
and 4.  
Scenario 1 - If either Borrower Loans were to default, there would be a reduction in cashflow on a 
monthly basis, but all interest coupon payments for the Bondholders would still be paid in full. If 
Borrower Loan 4 were (as the highest loan payment) to default the income from the Borrower Loan 
portfolio would fall by £5,300 each month. Whilst this would reduce the overall income, there would 
still be sufficient other income to cover the required monthly coupon payments due under the Bonds. 
Scenario 2 - If both Borrower Loans 2 and 4 were to default at the same time, the net income from 
the Borrower Loan portfolio would fall from £25,220 to £15,422 per month. There would still be 
sufficient other income to cover the required monthly coupon payments of £15,000 due under the 
Bonds; and accordingly full coupon payments to Bondholders would be paid. 
Scenario 3 – If all Borrower Loans were to default at the same time, the net income from the 
Borrower Loan portfolio would fall to £0. There would be a default scenario and action would be taken 
to recover the sums due from the Borrower Loans by the sale of the underlying collateral against 
which the Borrower Loans are secured. In this scenario the collateral would be realised by way of 
sale. The amounts owed to Bondholders would be repaid from the proceeds of the sale of the 
collateral.  There would be a significant delay in the payments made to Bondholders in this scenario 
and there would be additional costs of such recovery action which may rank ahead of the 
Bondholders before payments are made to redeem the Bonds.

--- Page 25 ---
Page 25 of 81 
 
In any scenario the repayment claims of the Bondholders are contractually independent from the 
performance of the Borrower Loans; i.e. even in Scenario 3 the Bondholders remain to have a valid 
repayment claim against the Issuer.   
Credit Risk Assessment – Default Scenarios 
Each of the Borrower Loans has been assessed for credit risk. One of the six has been assessed as 
excellent, meaning there is little likelihood of default for the duration of the Borrower Loan. Four of the 
six in the portfolio have been assessed as good, meaning that default is unlikely in the first 18 
months. One has been assessed as fair, meaning there is little likelihood of default in the first 6 
months of the Borrower Loan but a small risk thereafter. 
SECURITY 
The Issuer’s obligations under the Bonds are secured in the manner described below in "The Issuer 
Security Structure". 
The requirements of the Collateral Manager under the Collateral Management Agreement are 
secured in the manner described below in "The Collateral Security Structure". 
Where a Borrower Loan is secured, a Borrower’s obligations to the Issuer pursuant to the Borrower 
Loan Agreements are secured in the manner described below in "The Borrower Security Structure". 
Credit Enhancements 
The Bonds will not be subject to any credit enhancements and the Issuer will rely on the repayments 
to be made by Borrowers pursuant to the Borrower Loans and the proceeds of any property disposals 
to ensure that the Issuer is able to meet its obligations under the Bonds and that there will be no 
material liquidity shortfalls for the duration of the maturity period of the Bonds. There are no economic 
interests retained by any originator of Loan Portfolios of any original Lending party. 
Credit Committee 
The credit committee will be staffed by the directors of the Collateral Manager and individuals 
appointed by the Collateral Manager (who will be employed by the Collateral Manager) (the "Credit 
Committee"). The Credit Committee will act on the Issuer’s behalf in considering and approving 
which Borrower Loans will be procured using the net proceeds raised by the issue of that Series or 
Tranche of Bonds. The members of the Credit Committee will get a set remuneration fee of £1,000 
per credit committee meeting. 
In particular the Credit Committee will be appointed to: 
1. 
Review each proposed Borrower Loan (and any previously approved Borrower Loan) to 
determine whether it meets the Borrower Loan Eligibility Criteria; and 
2. 
Review the concentration risk of the Borrower Loans and to ensure there is maintained a 
minimum diversification of more than 5 Borrower Loans per Series of Bonds. 
The Credit Committee will review each proposed Borrower Loan on a standalone basis or as part of 
the overall aggregate collateral pool, to ensure it is sufficient to produce funds for the Issuer to meet 
any payments due and payable on the Bonds on a rolling 12-month basis. The Credit Committee will 
have the right to review and receive reports on each approved Borrower Loan and has the right to 
advise the Issuer to substitute Borrower Loans with other Borrower Loans in order to comply with the 
Borrower Loan Eligibility Criteria or satisfy the minimum diversification criteria. 
The Credit Committee will rely on an initial analysis, due diligence and assessment of the preliminary 
risks of each Borrower Loan, carried out by the Collateral Manager pursuant to the terms of the 
Collateral Management Agreement (as set out in the Overview of the Bonds section).

--- Page 26 ---
Page 26 of 81 
 
Prior to approving a Borrower Loan, the Credit Committee shall carry out an assessment of the risk 
profile of the relevant Borrower and the proposed Borrower Loan based upon various qualitative and 
quantitative factors, including an assessment of: 
1. 
The Borrower’s industry sector and any relevant macro-economic factors; 
2. 
The purpose for which the Borrower Loan is being sought and the capacity and sources of 
funds for repayment; 
3. 
In the case of a project loan, the viability of the underlying project; 
4. 
The credit history of the Borrower; 
5. 
The proposed terms and conditions and covenants of the Borrower Loan; and 
6. 
The availability of security for the Borrower Loan and the adequacy and enforceability of such 
security. 
The initial chairman of the Credit Committee will be Paul Hole. He will be assisted from time to time by 
other suitably experienced or qualified individuals for the purposes of assessing the quality and 
suitability of procurement opportunities available to the Issuer through the Collateral Manager.  
Borrower Loan Procurement 
Under the terms of the Collateral Management Agreement the Collateral Manager shall be 
responsible for Borrower Loan procurement by way of relationships with brokers and introducers.  
The directors of the Collateral Manager, have numerous years of combined industry experience, over 
which they have developed a trusted contact based nationally, including but not limited to brokers, 
fund managers, institutions, solicitors and administrators alike all of which have an expanding client 
bank of prospective borrowers who require loans that would satisfy the Borrower Loan Eligibility 
Criteria. 
The proposed members of the Credit Committee and the directors of the Collateral Manager have 
experience not only from lending personal funds but also from completing transactions across a 
multitude of asset classes allowing them to understand not only the procurement criteria but also 
more importantly the risks associated.  
The directors and senior management team of the Collateral Manager have developed a substantial 
and trusted contact base nationality over the past three decades and will source prospective Borrower 
Loans which satisfy the Borrower Loan Eligibility Criteria.  
BACKGROUND TO THE TRUSTEE 
City Partnership Trustee Limited is an independent third-party provider of trustee and registrar 
services to listed and private companies and funds.  It is one of the companies in the City Partnership 
group, and will provide services to the Issuer as trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, to act as the 
main intermediary between the Issuer and the Bondholder and to provide a safeguard on behalf of the 
Bondholders in the event the Issuer was not performing by holding security over the Issuer’s assets. 
The City Partnership group provides the following services: registrar and receiving agent services; 
corporate administration, compliance and governance services; security trustee & escrow agent 
services; accounting services; fund administration services; corporate communications services; and 
software development services. Its clients include: quoted companies, unquoted companies, limited 
partnerships and charities; investment companies; (S)EIS Funds; and Inheritance Tax Schemes. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, City Partnership Trustee Limited is acting as security trustee in 
excess of twenty loan note or bond offers. 
THE ISSUER SECURITY STRUCTURE 
Under a deed of charge dated 21 June 2023 regarding this Base Prospectus between the Issuer and 
City Partnership Trustee Limited (the "Trustee") (the "Trust Deed"), the obligations of the Issuer

--- Page 27 ---
Page 27 of 81 
 
under a Series of Bonds will be secured in favour of the Trustee (for the benefit of the Bondholders 
(the trustee and the Bondholders being the "Issuer Secured Creditors")) by fixed first priority security 
over the proceeds of such series deposited by the Custodian Account and all of the Collateral 
Manager’s rights under the Collateral Management Agreement (the "Issuer Security") governed by 
arrangements in the Security Trust Deed. 
Pursuant to the Trust Deed dated 21 June 2023, the Issuer Secured Creditors shall have recourse 
only to the Issuer Security and upon realisation by the Trustee of such Issuer Security where the net 
proceeds are insufficient for the Issuer to make all payments due to the Issuer Secured Creditors, the 
Issuer Secured Creditors shall not be entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer to recover 
any further sums owed to them. 
The proceeds of any issuance of Bonds by the Issuer will be held by the Custodian Account (see 
below) until such time as it is advanced by the Issuer to procure Borrower Loans. It is intended that 
the procurement of a Borrower Loan portfolio will be simultaneous with the receipt of the proceeds of 
the issuance of Bonds. By granting the Issuer Security to the Trustee for the benefit of the Issuer 
Secured Creditors, the rights of the Issuer Secured Creditors to the Issuer Security shall rank first in 
priority to other creditors in the event of the insolvency of, or an insolvency related event occurring to, 
the Issuer. The rights of the Issuer Secured Creditors will not be affected by the insolvency or an 
insolvency related event of any other entity affiliated to the Issuer. The pool of assets would be 
governed by the law of England and Wales. 
Each Series and Tranche of Bonds will be fully collateralised. This will be a requirement under the 
Collateral Management Agreement and will also be possible due to the loan-to-value of each 
Borrower Loan being not more than 90%. It is noted however that there will be periods where the 
money raised from each Series or Tranche of Bonds will not be fully deployed due to the Collateral 
Manager finalising Borrower Loans (i.e. closing the acquisition process of the loans that are being 
procured) and in instances where Borrower Loans have been repaid. However, during these periods 
the cash that is not deployed will be held by the Custodian. In these instances, the cash held by the 
Custodian will be considered an asset backing the Bonds, though the Collateral Manager, on behalf of 
the Issuer, will ensure that this type of asset will never be more than 20% of the assets backing a 
Series of Bonds.  
THE COLLATERAL SECURITY STRUCTURE 
The requirements of the Collateral Manager under the Collateral Management Agreement will be 
secured by the Collateral Manager granting a legal charge and/or assignment over its fixed and 
intangible assets and undertaking including all of its rights, if any from time to time, as collections 
agent, under each Borrower Loan Agreement (the "Collateral Security"). This security will be granted 
in favour of the Collateral Security Trustee. 
Under the Collateral Management Agreement, the Collateral Manager shall be required, as collections 
agent, to make payments to the Issuer at such times and in such amounts to enable the Issuer to 
satisfy its payment obligations under each relevant Tranche of Bonds issued. Interest payments and 
principal repayments collected by the Collateral Manager from Borrowers under the Borrower Loans 
will be paid by the Collateral Manager to the Issuer under the Collateral Management Agreement. 
The Collateral Security Trustee will hold the benefit of Collateral Security on trust for the Issuer (and 
ultimately for the Bondholders) pursuant to a security trust deed between the Collateral Manager, the 
Issuer and the Collateral Security Trustee (the "Collateral Security Trust Deed"). In the event that 
the Collateral Manager is in breach of the Collateral Management Agreement then this will, in certain 
circumstances, give the Collateral Security Trustee the right to enforce the Collateral Security in 
favour of the Issuer (and ultimately, the Bondholders). Enforcement of the Collateral Security will 
enable the Collateral Security Trustee to appoint receivers to deal with the relevant assets to which 
the Collateral Security relates, including receipt of payments from Borrowers under Borrower Loans.

--- Page 28 ---
Page 28 of 81 
 
The Collateral Security Trust Deed provides that the Collateral Security Trustee holds the benefit of 
the proceeds of enforcement of the Collateral Security first to meet the liabilities of the Collateral 
Trustee and, second to discharge the requirements to the Issuer under the Collateral Management 
Agreement. 
THE BORROWER SECURITY STRUCTURE 
Where a Borrower Loan is secured under a deed of charge to be entered into between a Borrower, 
the Issuer and the Collateral Manager (the "Borrower Security Trustee") (each a "Borrower Deed 
of Charge"), the obligations of the Borrower in respect of a Borrower Loan will be secured in favour of 
the Borrower Security Trustee by a legal charge over the fixed and intangible property, undertaking 
and assets of the Borrower ("the Borrower Security"). 
The Borrower Security Trustee will hold the benefit of each Borrower Deed of Charge on trust for the 
Issuer pursuant to a security trust deed between the Issuer and the Borrower Security Trustee (the 
"Borrower Security Trust Deed"). 
The Borrower Security Trust Deed provides that the Borrower Security Trustee holds the benefit of 
the proceeds of enforcement of any Borrower Deed of Charge first to meet the liability of the Borrower 
Security Trustee and, second, to discharge the obligations due to the Issuer. 
Each Borrower Deed of Charge will contain customary representations and warranties from the 
Borrower to the Borrower Security Trustee, including without limitation, representations and 
warranties as to the ownership by the Borrower of its assets, that such assets are free from other 
security, that there are no adverse claims against such assets, that the Borrower has complied with all 
relevant laws in respect of those assets and that the security being granted under the Borrower Deed 
of Charge is enforceable. 
CUSTODIAN ACCOUNT 
Global Custodial Services Ltd will act as Custodian and arrange for the opening of no fewer than two 
bank accounts (the "Custodian Accounts") into which the net proceeds of any issuance of Bonds will 
be deposited pending the procurement of a Borrower Loan to a Borrower pursuant to a Borrower 
Loan Agreement and into which payments by Borrowers are made under the Borrower Loan 
Agreements. 
TRANSACTION PARTIES 
Issuer 
Propiteer Capital PLC, incorporated in England and Wales with registered 
number 12101322 and registered office at Olivers Barn, Maldon Road, Witham, 
Essex CM8 3HY. The principal place of business for the Issuer is Olivers Barn, 
Maldon Road, Witham, Essex CM8 3HY. The Issuer’s telephone number at its 
registered 
office 
is 
01376 
319000. 
The 
Issuer’s 
LEI 
code 
is: 
635400PWTX8FMV3MNZ24. 
Custodian 
Global Custodial Services Ltd will act as custodian pursuant to an agreement 
between it and the Issuer and will provide the Custodian Accounts into which 
the net proceeds of any issuance of Bonds will be deposited pending the 
procurement of a Borrower Loan to a Borrower pursuant to a Borrower Loan 
Agreement and into which payments by Borrowers are made under the 
Borrower Loan Agreements. 
Collateral 
Manager 
Propiteer Collateral Manager Limited will act as the collateral manager on behalf 
of the Issuer (pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Management Agreement), 
to deal with loan procurement, liaison with brokers and introducers, providing 
the Credit Committee, deploy funds on behalf of the Issuer, arranging the 
appointment of property agents and property managers or to provide property 
management services on its behalf direct to ensure receipt of payments due

--- Page 29 ---
Page 29 of 81 
 
under the Borrower Loans and general loan administration services. The 
principal terms of the Collateral Management Agreement will be for the 
Collateral Manager to be paid £1,000 per Credit Committee meeting, and for the 
Collateral Manager to be paid a fee of 0.25% of the value of the Borrower Loan 
on successful procurement of a Borrower Loan and a fee of 1% on the 
redemption of a Borrower Loan. Default by the Collateral Manager under the 
Collateral Management Agreement will entitle the Collateral Security Trustee to 
enforce the Collateral Security. The Issuer shall be required to provide the 
Collateral Manager with 3 months’ notice of termination of the Collateral 
Management Agreement and the Collateral Manager shall be required to 
provide no less than 12 months’ notice after the first 12-month period. Where 
either the Issuer or the Collateral Manager gives notice terminating the 
Collateral Management Agreement, such termination shall only take place once 
the Issuer has appointed a replacement collateral manager ("Replacement 
Collateral Manager") that the directors of the Issuer are of the belief has no 
less expertise than that of the Collateral Manager to undertake the services 
provided by the Collateral Manager under the Collateral Management 
Agreement. 
Trustee 
City Partnership Trustee Limited (the "Trustee") will act as trustee for and on 
behalf of the holders of the Bonds pursuant to the Trust Deed (the "Trust 
Deed") entered into on 6 August 2020 between the Trustee and the Issuer and 
will act as security trustee and hold on trust for itself and the other Issuer 
Secured Creditors the security granted pursuant to the Trust Deed and Security 
Trust Deed. 
Borrower 
Security 
Trustee 
The Collateral Manager will act as trustee (the "Borrower Security Trustee") 
and hold on trust for itself and the Issuer, the security granted by the Borrowers. 
Collateral 
Security 
Trustee 
City Partnership Trustee Limited will act as trustee (the "Collateral Security 
Trustee") and hold on trust for itself and the Issuer, the security granted by the 
Collateral Manager to secure its requirements (including payment obligations) to 
the Issuer under the Collateral Management Agreement.  
Principal 
Paying Agent  
Propiteer Collateral Manager Limited will act as principal paying agent 
("Principal Paying Agent") pursuant to a paying agency agreement to be 
entered into on or about the date of this Base Prospectus between the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Issuer. 
The Issuer reserves the right (with the prior approval of the Trustee) at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of the Principal Paying Agent and appoint a 
successor Principal Paying Agent.

--- Page 30 ---
Page 30 of 81 
 
Calculation 
Agent 
Propiteer Capital Plc or such other person specified in a relevant Final Terms 
will act as calculation agent (the "Calculation Agent"). The Calculation Agent in 
relation to any Series of Bonds and in relation to any determination or 
calculation specified in the Conditions will act as calculation agent of the Issuer 
for the purpose of making such determinations or calculations in accordance 
with the Conditions. The Calculation Agent is required to calculate certain 
amounts in relation to the Bonds. Bondholders may receive different 
distributions and/or payments as a result of roundings effected by the 
Calculation Agent. Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act or exercise 
judgment, it will do so in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable after making any 
determination pursuant to the Conditions, notify the Issuer and the Bondholders 
of such determination. The Calculation Agent is not acting as a fiduciary for or 
as an advisor to the Bondholders in respect of its duties as Calculation Agent in 
connection with any Bonds. 
The Issuer reserves the right (with the prior approval of the Trustee) at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of the Calculation Agent and to appoint a 
successor Calculation Agent. 
Bankers to the 
Issuer  
Global Custodial Services Ltd ("Global Custodial Services") will act as a 
payment services firm to the Issuer with underlying correspondent client money 
bank accounts being operated by the Custodian.  Global Custodial Services is a 
Company incorporated in England and Wales under Company number 
08321940, having its registered office situated at 3rd Floor, 100 New Bond 
Street, London W1S 1SP, England) is authorised and regulated by the Financial 
Conduct Authority ("FCA") under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(with authorisation number 595875) to carry on certain regulated activities and 
to hold money for clients in accordance with the applicable provisions of the 
FCA Handbook (the "FCA Rules") 
The Issuer reserves the right (with the prior approval of the Trustee) at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of the Bankers to the Issuer and to appoint 
a successor Bank. 
ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA FOR FINAL TERMS ISSUANCE 
The Issuer employs strict assessment criteria when considering acquiring a portfolio of Borrower 
Loans to ensure that there is sufficient collateral held by way of security compared to the sums 
advanced for the procurement of the Loans. The Issuer will only use institutional grade surveyors, 
solicitors with a minimum level of professional indemnity insurance and number of partners and 
drawdown of funds will only take place once all the security, anti-money laundering and due diligence 
procedures have been competently completed in accordance with the Credit Committee’s 
requirements. 
FINAL TERMS  
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to a Tranche of Bonds, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospect of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to 
the Bonds. In relation to the different types of Bonds which may be issued under the Programme the 
Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information 
relating to the Bonds which is not known at the date of the Base Prospectus and which can only be 
determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Bonds.

--- Page 31 ---
Page 31 of 81 
 
Any information relating to the Bonds which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is 
required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Bonds will be 
contained either in the relevant Final Terms. 
Final Terms 
For a Tranche of Bonds which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes 
of that Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base 
Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Bonds which is the 
subject of Final Terms are the Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms.  
Collateral 
Final Terms will be used for each Tranche of Bonds where the proceeds are used by the Issuer or the 
Collateral Manager, on its behalf, to procure Borrower Loans of various sized companies for business 
purposes, where Borrower Security will consist of one or more of the following types of security: 
1. A legal charge over commercial or residential property in circumstance where no new or 
updated report is required as part of the Collateral Manager’s due diligence in relation to any 
real property forming part of the Borrower Security. 
A legal charge gives the Borrower Security Trustee the right to take control of and 
deal with or dispose of the property the subject of the legal charge in the event of 
default by the Borrower under the Borrower Loan. 
2. An assignment of rental income in respect of commercial or residential property. 
An assignment of rental income provides the Borrower Security Trustee (on behalf of 
the Issuer) with the benefit of and right to receive the Rental Income and also the 
ability to bring proceedings against the underlying tenant to enforce its rights. 
3. A Charge over certain specific assets of the Borrower. 
A charge over certain assets provides the Borrower Security Trustee with the right to 
take control of and deal with or dispose of the particular asset the subject of the 
charge in the event of default by the Borrower under the Borrower Loan which gives 
the Borrower Security Trustee the right to enforce the security created. 
4. A debenture/deed of charge over the entire undertaking of the Borrower. 
A debenture/deed of charge can create security over a range of assets of the 
Borrower including mortgages over properties, fixed charges over a range of other 
assets and assignments by way of security over the benefit of contracts and 
insurance policies together with a floating charge over assets not otherwise 
mortgaged, charged or assigned. The Borrower Security Trustee will be able to take 
control of and deal with or dispose of assets secured under a debenture/deed of 
charge in the event of default by the Borrower under the Borrower Loan which 
enables to the Borrower Security Trustee to enforce its security. 
In each instance the security given by the Borrower will be held by the Borrower Security Trustee. To 
clarify, diversification of the loan portfolio will be maintained. 
BORROWER LOAN ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA 
In respect of Borrower Loans procured from the proceeds raised from a Tranche of Bonds issued 
pursuant to Final Terms, each Borrower Loan must satisfy the following "Borrower Loan Eligibility 
Criteria": 
(a) It is an obligation that is secured by assets of the borrower or guarantor thereof (if and to the 
extent security over such assets is permissible under applicable law (save in the case of assets 
so numerous or diverse that the failure to take such security is consistent with reasonable

--- Page 32 ---
Page 32 of 81 
 
secured lending practices) and such security is granted under English law or the law of the 
jurisdiction where that asset is located (a "Secured Loan"); 
(b) It is denominated in either Sterling, Euro or United States Dollars; 
(c) It is an obligation of a Borrower or Borrowers having, in the case of an individual, their primary 
residence and, in the case of a company or partnership, their registered office address and 
principal place of business, in the United Kingdom or any jurisdiction of the European Union; 
(d) It is an obligation in respect of which (i) payments will not be subject to withholding tax imposed 
by any jurisdiction including where this is pursuant to the operation of an applicable tax treaty 
subject to the completeness of any procedural formalities or (ii) the borrower is required to make 
"gross-up" payments to the Collateral Manager, on behalf of the Issuer, that cover the full amount 
of any such withhold on an after-tax basis; 
(e) With the exception of property development loans, it is an obligation that pays or compounds 
interest no less frequent than annually at a rate which, when aggregated with all other Borrower 
Loans on a rolling 12 month basis, produces funds to the Issuer sufficient to service any 
payments due and payable on the Bonds (There is an underlying obligation on the Collateral 
Manager to ensure that property development loans amount to less than 20% of the loan portfolio 
so to ensure that the Issuer is able to service payments due and payable on the Bonds issued); 
(f) It is not an obligation in respect of which interest payments are scheduled to decrease; 
(g) It is not convertible into equity; 
(h) It is an obligation which has a loan-to-value ratio in relation to the principal amount of the 
Borrower Loan equal to or below 90% (e.g. that means the overall value of the security against 
which the loans are secured must be over 10% higher than the principal amount of the Borrower 
Loan), and where that Borrower Loan is secured against real property a valuation of the property 
and cash flow/income streams); 
(i) It will not result in the imposition of stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax payable by the Issuer; 
(j) It must require the consent of the Issuer to the Borrower there under for any change in the 
principal repayment profile or interest applicable on such obligation for the avoidance of doubt, 
excluding any changes originally envisaged in the loan documentation; 
(k) It is capable of being, and will be the subject of a security interest in favour of the Borrower 
Security Trustee; 
(l) It will not result in the imposition of any present or future, actual or contingent, monetary liabilities 
or obligations of the Issuer other than those (i) which may arise at its option; or (ii) which are fully 
secured; or (iii) which are subject to limited recourse provisions; or (iv) which may arise as a result 
of an undertaking to participate in a financial restructuring of a Secured Loan where such 
undertaking is contingent upon the redemption in full of such Secured Loan on or before the time 
by which the Issuer is obliged to enter into the restructured Secured Loan and where the 
restructured Secured Loan satisfies the Borrower Loan Eligibility Criteria; and 
(m) It has a maturity date that is no later than the latest Maturity Date of all Bonds outstanding. 
The Borrower Loan Eligibility Criteria is designed, among other things, to ensure that the Borrower 
Loans which back a Series of Bonds have characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds 
to service any payments due and payable on the Bonds of that Series. For example, one requirement, 
is that, with the exception of development loans a Series of Bonds to a Borrower pays interest no less 
frequently than annually at a rate which, when aggregated with all Borrower Loans on a rolling 12 
month basis issued under the Series, produces funds sufficient to enable the Collateral Manager to 
make sufficient payments to the Issuer, as collections agent, so it is able to service all payments due 
and payable on the Bonds issued under that Series. Development loans shall always make up less

--- Page 33 ---
Page 33 of 81 
 
than 20% of the loan portfolio to ensure the Collateral Manager is able to make sufficient payments to 
the Issuer to enable it to service payments due and payable on the Bonds issued. 
The subsequent failure of a Borrower Loan to satisfy any of the Borrower Loan Eligibility Criteria shall 
not prevent any obligation which would otherwise be required to be performed nor shall it stop that 
loan from being a Borrower Loan so long as such obligation satisfied the Borrower Loan Eligibility 
Criteria when the Issuer entered into the relevant Borrower Loan Agreement.

--- Page 34 ---
Page 34 of 81 
 
FORM OF THE BONDS 
Each Tranche of Bonds will be in the form of a global Bond at fixed interest rates (in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) in registered form (a "Global Registered Bond"), in each case 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, whereby the fixed interest rates are varying with a minimum 
interest rate of 0,001%. 
The Bonds will not constitute securitizations within the meaning of the STS Regulation (Regulation 
(EU) 2017/2402). Whether or not the Bonds are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. Note that the designation "Yes" in the 
relevant Final Terms means that the Bonds are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the Bonds will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria being amended in the 
future such that the Bonds are capable of meeting them, the Bonds may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDSs 
acting as common safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Bonds will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met. 
Each Global Registered Bond will either be: (a) in the case of a Bond which is not to be held under 
the new safekeeping structure NSS, registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the 
relevant Global Registered Bond will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common 
depositary and will be exchangeable in accordance with its terms; or (b) in the case of a Bond to be 
held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or other relevant clearing system and 
the relevant Global Registered Bond will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The repayment claims of the Bondholders are contractually independent from the performance of the 
Borrower Loans; i.e. even where the Borrower Loans do not perform, the Bondholders remain to have 
a valid repayment claim against the Issuer.

--- Page 35 ---
Page 35 of 81 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE BONDS WHILE IN GLOBAL 
FORM 
CLEARING SYSTEM ACCOUNTHOLDERS 
In relation to any Tranche of Bonds represented by a Global Registered Bond, references in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Bonds to "Bondholder" are references to the person in whose name 
such Global Registered Bond is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the 
Global Registered Bond is held by or on behalf of a depository or a common depository or a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, 
will be that depository or common depository or common safekeeper or a nominee for that depository 
or common depository or common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Registered Bond (each an 
"Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other 
relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder’s share of each payment made 
by the Issuer to the holder of such Global Registered Bond and in relation to all other rights arising 
under such Global Registered Bond. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders 
may exercise any rights arising under the Global Registered Bond will be determined by the 
respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant 
clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Bonds are represented by a Global 
Registered Bond, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of 
payments due under the Bonds and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by a payment to 
the holder of such Global Registered Bond. 
CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO GLOBAL REGISTERED BONDS  
1. Each Global Registered Bond will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of 
the Bonds as they apply to the Global Registered Bond. The following is a summary of certain of 
those provisions: 
2. Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Registered Bond which, according to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Bonds, require presentation and/or surrender of a Bond, Bond Certificate 
or Coupon which will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full 
with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Registered Bond to or to the order of 
any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the 
Issuer in respect of the Bonds.  
3. Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Registered Bond, if the currency of payment is a 
euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Finance Centre; or, if the currency of 
payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be 
carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre. 
4. Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Bond will be made to the 
person shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing 
system) on the Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the 
"Record Date") where "Clearing System Business Day" means a day on which each clearing 
system for which the Global Registered Bond is being held is open for business. 
5. Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 8(e) (Redemption at 
the option of Bondholders) the holder of a Global Registered Bond must, if within the period 
specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Bond and put notice, give written notice

--- Page 36 ---
Page 36 of 81 
 
of such exercise to the Principal Paying Agent specifying the principal amount of Bonds in 
respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not 
be withdrawn. 
6. Partial exercise of Call Option: In connection with the exercise of the option contained in 
Condition 8(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Bonds, the 
Global Registered Bond may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer 
in accordance with the Conditions and the Bonds to be redeemed are not to be selected as 
provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
7. Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 17 (Notices), while all the Bonds are represented by the 
Global Registered Bond, deposited with a depository for a common depository for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common 
safekeeper, notices to Bondholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, 
such notices shall be deemed to have been given to Bondholders in accordance with Condition 
17 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system.

--- Page 37 ---
Page 37 of 81 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BONDS 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, 
will be endorsed on each Certificate issued under the Programme. In the case of any Tranche of 
Bonds which are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in Austria or Luxembourg, the 
relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. Subject to 
this, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any 
Tranche of Bonds may complete any information in this Base Prospectus. 
1. 
Introduction  
(a) 
Programme: Propiteer Capital PLC (the "Issuer") has established a secured limited recourse 
fixed rate registered bond programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of bonds (the 
"Bonds"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: The Bonds issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") 
and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Bonds. Each 
Tranche is the subject of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms and 
conditions (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche 
of Bonds are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms.  
(c) 
Trust Deed: The Bonds are constituted by, are subject to, and have the benefit of, a trust 
deed dated on 6 August 2020 (as amended or supplemented by an amended deed dated 
21 June 2023 or from time to time, the "Trust Deed") between the Issuer and City Partnership 
Trustee Limited as trustee (the "Trustee", which expression includes all persons for the time 
being trustee or trustees appointed under the Trust Deed).  
(d) 
Issuer Deed of Charge: The Bonds are secured pursuant to a deed of charge dated 
6 August 2020 between the Issuer and the Trustee (as amended or supplemented from time 
to time); 
(e) 
agency agreements: The Issuer will from time to time enter into agreements in connection 
with the services for Bonds between, among others, the Issuer and City Partnership Limited 
as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression includes any successor Registrar) in relation 
to the provision of Registrar services; and between the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent 
(and any successor appointed from time to time in connection with the Bonds together with 
the Principal Paying Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression includes any successor 
or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Bonds) in 
connection with the provision of Paying Agent services. In these Conditions references to the 
"Agents" is to any one of them. 
(f) 
The Bonds: The Bonds will be issued in registered form. Pursuant to the Issuer’s Articles of 
Association, the execution by the Issuer of any Bond Certificates (as defined below) 
representing Bonds issued under the Programme will be signed by a director. All subsequent 
references in these Conditions to "Bonds" are to the Bonds which are the subject to the 
relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing at the 
London office of the Trustee at Suite 2 Park Valley House C/O The City Partnership (UK) Ltd, 
Park Valley Mills, Meltham Road, Huddersfield, United Kingdom, HD4 7BH and Olivers Barn, 
Maldon Road, Witham, Essex CM8 3HY (being the Specified Office of the Principal Paying 
Agent). 
(g) 
Security Trust Deed: The Issuer has entered into a security trust deed dated 6 August 2020 
between the Issuer and City Partnership Trustee Limited (the "Trustee") (the "Security Trust 
Deed"). 
(h) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Trust Deed, the 
Security Trust Deed and the agency agreements and are subject to the detailed provisions of 
such deed and agreement. Bondholders are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of and 
are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Security Trust Deed and 
the agency agreements applicable to them. Copies of the Trust Deed, the Security Trust 
Deed and the agency agreements are available for inspection by Bondholders during normal 
business hours at the Specified Office of each of the Agents, the initial Specified Offices of 
which are set out below. The Trustee acts for the benefit of the Bondholders in accordance 
with the provisions of the Trust Deed and the Security Trust Deed.

--- Page 38 ---
Page 38 of 81 
 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Bank" means Global Custodial Services Ltd acting as a payment services operator holding 
client funds at authorised banking institutions; 
"Business Day" means:  
i. 
In relation to any sum payable in Euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
ii. 
In relation to any sum payable in a currency other than Euro, the date on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different 
meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall 
have the following meanings: 
i. 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
ii. 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case 
that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
iii. 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day, after the calendar month in 
which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
a) If there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar months in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a business 
day in that calendar month; 
b) If any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar months, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
c) If the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
iv. 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not to be adjusted in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means Propiteer Capital Plc or such other person specified in a relevant 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Call Option" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 39 ---
Page 39 of 81 
 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of 
time (the "Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
i. 
If "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(a) 
The actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(b) 
The actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in 
such Regular Period and (2) of the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
ii. 
If "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
iii. 
If "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payments Date falling 
in leap year, 366; 
iv. 
If "Actual/360" this is specified, is the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
v. 
If "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day = 
[360x(Y2–Y1)] + [30 x (M2-M1)] + (D2-D1) 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 would be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30”; 
vi. 
If "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360x(Y2–Y1)] + [30 x (M2-M1)] + (D2-D1) 
360 
where

--- Page 40 ---
Page 40 of 81 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 would be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period;  
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Bond, its principal amount; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Bond, its principal amount; 
"Euro" means the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union, as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 
of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the Euro as amended; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Trust Deed; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Bond, its principal amount; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings Ltd or any successor thereof; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for money borrowed or raised including (without 
limitation) any indebtedness in respect of: 
i. 
Amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
ii. 
Amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
iii. 
The amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which 
would, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting 
principles, be treated as finance or capital leases; 
iv. 
The amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the 
payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
v. 
Amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward 
sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Bond and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Bond for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Bonds or such other date as 
may be specified in the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, relevant Final Terms 
and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
i. 
As the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention;

--- Page 41 ---
Page 41 of 81 
 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) of the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
Interest Payment Date; 
"Custodian Account" means the Sterling or other currency accounts of the Issuer opened 
with the Custodian or any replacement therefor; 
"Issuer Secured Creditors" means each of (a) the Bondholders and (b) the Trustee; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Moody’s" means Moody’s Investors Services Ltd. or any successor thereof; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Bond, its principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified and the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Bond, its principal amount; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
If the currency of payment is Euro, any day which is: 
a. 
A day on which banks in a relevant place of presentation are open for presentation for 
dealings in foreign currencies; and 
b. 
In the case of payment by a transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a 
day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
If the currency of payment is not Euro, any day which is: 
a. 
A day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
b. 
In the case of payment by a transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre 
for that currency provided, however, that in relation to Euro, it means the principal financial 
centre of such Member State of the European Communities as is selected (in the case of a 
payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to the Paying Agent by any 
Bondholder wanting to exercise the right to redeem a Bond at the option of the Bondholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means the receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing 
Bondholder upon deposit of a Bond with such Paying Agent by any Bondholder wanting to 
exercise the right to redeem a Bond at the option of the Bondholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put), The Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a 
redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 42 ---
Page 42 of 81 
 
"Register" means the register maintained by the Registrar in respect of the Bonds in 
accordance with the agency agreement; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) In the case of Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) In the case of Bonds where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the 
day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payments Date falls; and 
(iii) In the case of Bonds where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including the Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payments Date falls other than the Interest Payments Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period;  
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on 
which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not 
been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Trustee on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount 
having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Bondholders; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or 
interest in respect of the Bonds, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any 
date in respect of the Bonds, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in 
respect of the Bonds or the date for any such payment, to change the currency of any 
payment under the Bonds or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the 
majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Security" means any Security Interest created, evidenced or conferred by or under a Deed 
of Charge; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest 
including, without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any 
jurisdiction; 
"Secured Liabilities" means all present and future monies, debts and liabilities due, owing or 
incurred by the Issuer to the Issuer Secured Creditors; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" means the Registered Office of the party; 
"Standard & Poor’s" means the Standard & Poor’s Rating Services or any successor thereof;  
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payments system which utilises a single the shared platform and which was 
launched on 19 November 2007; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payment in Euro; and 
"Transaction Documents" means the Trust Deed, the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Security 
Trust Deed and the agency agreements. 
(b) 
Interpretation: in these Conditions: 
i. 
If the Bonds are Zero Coupon Bonds, references to Coupons are not applicable; 
ii. 
Any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 10

--- Page 43 ---
Page 43 of 81 
 
(Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these 
Conditions; 
iii. 
Any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect 
of interest which may be payable; 
iv. 
References to Bonds being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the 
Trust Deed; 
v. 
If an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms but the relevant Final Terms give no such meaning or 
specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable 
to the Bonds; and 
vi. 
Any reference to the Trust Deed or the agency agreement shall be construed as a 
reference to the Trust Deed or the agency agreement, as the case may be, as 
amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Registered Bonds: The Bonds are issued in registered form, serially numbered and in the 
Specified Denomination(s) which may include a minimum denomination specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
(b) 
Title to Bonds: The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions of 
the agency agreement. A registered certificate (each, a "Bond Certificate”) will be issued to 
each Holder of Bonds in respect of its registered holding. Each Bond Certificate will be 
numbered serially with an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. "Holder" 
means the person in whose name such Bond is for the time being registered in the Register 
(or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and "Bondholder" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Bond or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law or 
ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes 
(whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust of any other 
interest therein, any writing thereon or on the Bond Certificate relating thereto (other than the 
endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person 
shall be liable for so treating such Holder. No Person other than the Bondholder shall have 
any right to enforce any term or condition of any Bond under any statutory legislation which 
would otherwise give effect to such rights (being the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 
1999). 
(d) 
Transfers of Bonds: Subject to paragraphs (g) (Closed periods) and (h) (Regulations 
concerning transfers and registration) below and to the Conditions set forth in the agency 
agreement, a Bond may be transferred in whole or in part upon surrender of the relevant 
Bond Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of 
the Registrar, together with such evidence as the Registrar may reasonably require to prove 
the title of the transferor and the authority of the individuals who have executed the form of 
transfer; provided, however, that a Bond may not be transferred unless the principal amount 
of Bonds transferred and (where not all of the Bonds held by a Holder are being transferred) 
the principal amount of the balance of Bonds not transferred are Specified Denominations. 
Where not all the Bonds represented by the surrendered Bond Certificate are the subject of 
the transfer, a new Bond Certificate in respect of the balance of Bonds will be issued to the 
transferor. 
(e) 
Registration and delivery of Bond Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender 
of a Bond Certificate in accordance with paragraph (d) (Transfers of Bonds) above, the 
Registrar will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Bond Certificate of a like 
principal amount to the Bonds transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (at 
the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by uninsured risk of any such relevant 
Holder to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant Holder. In this paragraph, 
"business day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar has its Specified 
Office.

--- Page 44 ---
Page 44 of 81 
 
(f) 
No charge: The transfer and registration of a Bond will be effected without charge by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Registrar but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require 
in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in 
connection with such transfer. 
(g) 
Closed periods: Bondholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 
15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the 
Bonds. 
(h) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Bonds and entries on 
the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Bonds 
scheduled to the agency agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the 
prior written approval of the Registrar. 
4. 
Status and Application of Moneys 
(a) 
Status: The Bonds and Coupons constitute direct and secured obligations of the Issuer which 
are not subordinated and will rank in such seniority to all other creditors apart from any costs 
in relation to the recovery of sums due in the event of an insolvency. 
(b) 
Application of Moneys: All moneys received by the Trustee in respect of the Bonds or 
recovered by the Trustee or any Receiver following the enforcement of the Security despite 
any appropriation of all or part of them by the Issuer (including any moneys which represent 
principal or interest in respect of Bonds or Coupons which have become void under the 
Conditions) shall be held by the Trustee on trust to apply them in the following order of priority 
pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed: 
i. 
First, in or towards satisfaction of (x) the costs, expenses, fees or other remuneration 
and indemnity payments (if any) and any other amounts incurred by the Trustee in 
preparing and executing the trusts and performing any obligations under the 
Transaction Documents; (y) the costs, expenses, fees or other remuneration and 
indemnity payments (if any) and any other amounts payable to any Receiver; 
including in the case of either the Trustee or a Receiver the costs of enforcing and/or 
realising any Security; 
ii. 
Second, in or towards satisfaction, on a pro rate and pari passu basis, of the costs, 
expenses, fees or other remuneration and indemnity payments (if any) and any other 
amounts payable to the Agents under the Transaction Documents; 
iii. 
Third, in or towards payment, on a pro rate and pari passu basis, of all arrears of 
interest remaining unpaid in respect of the Bonds or Coupons; and 
iv. 
Fourth, all principal moneys due on or in respect of the Bonds.  
5. 
Security and Covenants 
(a) 
Grant of Security: The Issuer Secured Creditors will share in the benefit of the Security. The 
Security is granted by the Issuer on trust for and on behalf of the Issuer Secured Creditors on 
the terms of the Trust Deed and the Security Trust Deed, as security for the Secured 
Liabilities.  
(b) 
Fixed Charges: The Security comprises of: 
(i) An assignment by way of first fixed security of all of its right, title, benefit and interest, 
present and future, in, to and under each of the Transaction Documents; and 
(ii) An assignment by way of first fixed security of all of its right, title, benefit and interest, 
present and future, in, to and under each Borrower Loan Agreement and each Borrower 
Deed of Charge and the Security Trust Deed; and 
(iii) A first fixed charge of all of its rights, title, benefit and interest, present and future, in, to 
and under the Custodian Account in which it has any right, title, benefit or interest and 
each other account (if any) in which the Issuer may at any time have or acquire any right, 
title, benefit or interest. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Bond Provisions

--- Page 45 ---
Page 45 of 81 
 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 is applicable to the Bonds only if the Fixed Rate Bond 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Bonds bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 9 (Payments). Each Bond will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this 
Condition 6(b) (before as well as after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on 
which all sums due in respect of such Bond up to that day are received by or on behalf of the 
relevant Bondholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Trustee has notified the Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the 
Bonds up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment) in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Bond for any 
Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Bonds are in more than 
one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the 
relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Bond 
shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the 
product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-
unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such 
rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Bond divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose, a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other 
than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country 
of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
7. 
Zero Coupon Bond Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Bonds only if the Zero-Coupon Bond 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero-Coupon Bonds: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any 
Zero-Coupon Bond is improperly withheld or refused; the Redemption Amount shall thereafter 
be an amount equal to the sum of: 
i. 
The Reference Price; and 
ii. 
The product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) 
the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all 
sums due in respect of such Bond up to that day are received by or on behalf of the 
relevant Bondholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying 
Agent has notified the Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the 
Bonds up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment). 
8. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the 
Bonds will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 9 (Payments). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole but not in part: 
i. 
At any time; or 
ii. 
On any Interest Payment Date, 
iii. On giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Bondholders, the 
Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their 
Early Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for 
redemption, if, immediately before giving such notice, the Issuer satisfies the Trustee 
that:

--- Page 46 ---
Page 46 of 81 
 
a. 
The Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the United Kingdom or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations 
(including a holding by a Court of competent jurisdiction), which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche 
of the Bonds; and 
b. 
Such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) Where the Bonds may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment 
in respect of the Bonds were then due; or 
(2) Where the Bonds may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment 
in respect of the Bonds were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Trustee (a) if the Trustee so requests, an opinion of independent legal 
advisers to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment, and (b) a certificate signed by two 
directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem have occurred. The Trustee shall be entitled to accept without 
liability such opinion and/or such certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of 
the circumstances set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Bondholders. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 8(b) 
the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Bonds in accordance with this Condition 8(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole 
or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
on the Issuer’s giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Bondholders, the 
Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem 
the Bonds or, as the case may be, the Bonds specified in such notice on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) at the applicable amount specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date) being the Optional Redemption Amount (Call). 
On the date specified for redemption in the notice given by the Issuer, the Issuer shall redeem 
the Bonds as specified in the notice in accordance with this Condition 8(c). 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certifications, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 8(c) by the Principal 
Paying Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error), be binding on the Issuer, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Registrar (if applicable) and all 
Bondholders. 
(d) 
Partial redemption: if the Bonds are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance 
with Condition 8(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), each Bond shall be redeemed in 
part in the proportion which the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Bonds to be 
redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate principal 
amount of outstanding Bonds on such date. If any Minimum Redemption Amount or any 
Maximum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified.

--- Page 47 ---
Page 47 of 81 
 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Bondholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Bond 
redeem such Bond on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put 
Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) 
accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 8(e), the 
holder of a Bond must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), deposit with any Paying Agent such Bond together with all unmatured Coupons 
relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any 
Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Bond is so deposited shall deliver a duly 
completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Bondholder. No Bond, once deposited with a 
duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 8(e), may be withdrawn; 
provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such 
Bond becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Bond on 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is 
improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the 
depositing Bondholder at such address as may have been given by such Bondholder in the 
relevant Put Option Notice. Bonds may be redeemed under this Condition 8(e) in any multiple 
of their lowers Specified Denomination.  
(f) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Bonds otherwise than 
as provided in paragraphs (a) to (d) above. 
(g) 
Purchase: The Issuer may at any time purchase Bonds in the open market or otherwise and 
at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. 
(h) 
Cancellation: All Bonds so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer and any unmatured 
Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or 
resold. 
9. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by direct money transfer in a currency in 
which the payment is due to the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent not later than 
the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by a transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal 
Financial Centre of that currency and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the 
case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Bond Certificates at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by direct money transfer in the currency in 
which the payment is due to the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent not later than 
the day before the due date for any such payment, and (in the case of redemption) upon 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Bond 
Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Bonds will be subject in all 
cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in place of payments, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to sections 1471 through 
1474 (inclusive), of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official 
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approached thereto. 
(d) 
Payments on Business Days: Where payment is to be made by a transfer to an account, 
payment instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not a Payment Business 
Day, for value the next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated on the due date 
for payment. A Holder of a Bond shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in 
respect of any delay in payment resulting from the due date for payment not being a Payment 
Business Day. 
(e) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bond, the 
Issuer shall procure that the amount and state of such payment are noted on the Register

--- Page 48 ---
Page 48 of 81 
 
and, in the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Bond Certificate, that a statement 
indicating the amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Bond 
Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Bond will be made to the person shown as the 
Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the 
Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date”).  
10. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Bonds and the Coupons by 
or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by 
or on behalf of the United Kingdom or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein 
or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, 
assessments of governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay 
such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Bondholders after such withholding or 
deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction being required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect 
of any Bond or Coupon presented for payment: 
i) 
By or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Bond or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments for charges 
have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed of other than the mere 
holding of the Bond or Coupon; or 
ii) Where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment to an individual and is 
required to be made pursuant to European Council Directive 2003/48/EC on the taxation 
of savings income or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to 
conform to, this Directive; or 
iii) By or on behalf of a Holder who would have been able to avoid such withholding or 
deduction by presenting the relevant Bond or Coupon to another Paying Agent in a 
member state of the EU; or 
iv) More than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that a Holder of such 
Bond or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting such 
Bond or Coupon for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes the subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction 
other than the United Kingdom references in these Conditions to the United Kingdom shall be 
construed as references to the United Kingdom and/or such other jurisdiction. 
11. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing, the Trustee at its discretion may and, if so 
requested in writing by holders of at least one-quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Bonds or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution, shall (subject to the Trustee 
having being indemnified and/or prefunded and/or are provided with security to its satisfaction) give 
written notice to the Issuer declaring the Bonds to be immediately due and payable, whereupon they 
shall become immediately due and payable at their Early Termination Amount together with accrued 
interest without further action or formality: 
(a) 
If default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Bonds or 
any of them and the default continues for a period of 7 days in the case of principal and 14 
days in the case of interest; or 
(b) 
If the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Conditions, the 
Trust Deed or the Security Trust Deed and (except in any case where, in the opinion of the 
Trustee, the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is 
hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for a period of 30 days (or such 
longer period as the Trustee may agree) next following the service by the Trustee on the 
Issuer of a notice requiring the same to be remedied; or

--- Page 49 ---
Page 49 of 81 
 
(c) 
If: 
i) 
Any Indebtedness of the Issuer becomes due and payable prematurely by reason of an 
event of default (however described); or  
ii) The Issuer fails to make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness on the due date for 
payment as extended by any applicable grace period; or 
iii) Default is made by the Issuer in making any payments due under any guarantee and/or 
indemnity given by it in relation to any Indebtedness of any other person on the due date 
for payment as extended by any applicable grace period. 
However, the events described in this sub-paragraph (c) shall not constitute an Event of Default 
unless the total amount of Indebtedness for guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any 
Indebtedness, outstanding at any time amounts to at least £20,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency). 
 
(d) 
A certificate or report by two directors of the Issuer whether or not addressed to the Trustee 
that in their opinion the £20,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) mentioned in the 
proviso to (c) above has been reached may be relied upon by the Trustee without liability and 
without further enquiry or evidence and, if relied upon by the Trustee, shall, in the absence of 
manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties; or  
(e) 
any order is made by any competent Court or resolution passed by the winding-up or 
dissolution of the Issuer save for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, re-
organisation or restructuring whilst solvent or on terms previously approved in writing by the 
Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(f) 
If the Issuer ceases to carry on all or substantially all of its business, save for the purposes of 
or pursuant to an amalgamation, re-organisation or restructuring whilst solvent or on terms 
previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution, or the Issuer 
is unable to pay its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to 
pay his debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law,; or is adjudicated or found 
bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(g) 
If (A) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, 
composition, or other similar laws, or an application is made (or documents filed with a Court) 
for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other 
similar official is appointed, in relation to the issue or in relation to the whole or a substantial 
part of the undertaking or its assets, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a 
substantial part of the undertaking or its assets, or a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other processes levied, enforced upon, sued out or put into force against the 
whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or its assets and (B) in any case is not being 
contested in good faith by the Issuer all is not discharged or stayed within 45 days; or 
(h) 
If the Issuer initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable 
liquidation, insolvency, composition, or other similar laws (including the obtaining of a 
moratorium) or makes a conveyancer or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any 
composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or a class of its creditors) or 
any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition with its 
creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) otherwise than for the purposes of or 
pursuant to an amalgamation, re-organisation or restructuring whilst solvent or on terms 
previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
12. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal and interest on redemption in respect of Bonds shall become void unless the 
relevant Bond Certificates are surrendered for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant 
Date. 
13. 
Trustee and Agents 
Under the Trust Deed, the Trustee is entitled to be indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded and 
relieved from responsibility in certain circumstances and to be paid its costs and expenses in priority

--- Page 50 ---
Page 50 of 81 
 
to the claims of the Bondholders. In addition, the Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions 
with the Issuer and any entity relating to the Issuer without accounting for any profit. 
The Trust Deed provides that, when determining whether an indemnity or any security or prefunding 
is satisfactory to it, the Trustee shall be entitled (i) to evaluate its risk in any given circumstance by 
considering the worst case scenario and (ii) to require that any indemnity or security given to it by the 
Bondholders or any of them be given on a joint and several basis and be supported by evidence as 
satisfactory to its financial standing and creditworthiness of each counterparty and/or as to the value 
of the security and an opinion as to the capacity, power and authority of each counterparty and/or the 
validity and effectiveness of the security. 
In the exercise of its trusts, rights, powers and discretions under these Conditions and the Trust Deed, 
the Trustee will have regard to the internal interests of the Bondholders as a class and will not have 
regard or be responsible for any consequence for individual Holders of Bonds, as a result of such 
Holders being connected in any way with a particular territory or taxing jurisdiction and the Trustee 
shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Bondholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the 
Trustee or any other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any 
such exercise upon individual Bondholders except to the extent already provided for in Condition 10 
(Taxation) and/or any undertaking given in addition to, or in substitution for, Condition 10 (Taxation) 
pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
In acting under the agency agreements and in connection with the Bonds and the Coupons, the 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and (to the extent provided therein) the Trustee and do not 
assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Bondholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent (if 
any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right (with the prior approval of 
the Trustee) at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor 
Principal Paying Agent or Registrar or Calculation Agent and additional or successor Paying Agents in 
the manner specified in the relevant agency agreement; provided, however, that:  
(a) 
The Issuer shall at all times maintain the Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; and 
(b) 
The Issuer shall at all times maintain a paying agent in an EU member state that will not be 
obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to European Council Directive 2003/48/WC; and 
(c) 
If a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(d) 
If and for so long as the Bonds are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment 
of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent having its 
Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system. 
The notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices).  
14. 
Meetings of Bondholders, Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Bondholders: The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Bondholders to consider matters relating to the Bonds, including the modification of any 
provision of these Conditions. The Trust Deed provides for certain decisions relating to the 
Bonds to be "Reserved Matters" on which any such modification may be made if sanctioned 
by an Extraordinary Resolution. The Reserved Matters are decisions regarding any proposal 
to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Bonds, to reduce 
the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the Bonds, to alter the 
method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Bonds or the date for any 
such payment, to change the currency of any payment under the Bonds or to change the 
quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution.  Such meetings may be convened by the Issuer or by the Trustee and shall be 
convened by the Trustee upon the request in writing of Bondholders holding not less than 
one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Bonds. The quorum at any 
meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more Persons 
holding or representing more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding

--- Page 51 ---
Page 51 of 81 
 
Bonds or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more Persons being or representing Bondholders 
whatever the principal amount of the Bonds held or represented; provided, however, that 
reserved matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting 
of Bondholders at which one or more Persons holding or representing not less than three-
quarters of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Bonds form a quorum. Any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the 
Bondholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, the resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 90%, 
in nominal amount of the Bonds which resolution will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document for several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Bondholders. 
(b) 
Modification and waiver: The Trustee and the Issuer may, without the consent of the 
Bondholders, agree to any modification of the Bonds, these Conditions, the Trust Deed or the 
relevant agency agreement (other than in respect of a Reserved Matter) which is, in the 
opinion of the Trustee, proper to make if, in the opinion of the Trustee, such modification will 
not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Bondholders and to any modification of the 
Bonds, these Conditions, the Trust Deed or the relevant agency agreement which is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is to correct a manifest error. 
In addition, the Trustee may, without the consent of the Bondholders, authorise or waive any 
proposed breach or breach of the Bonds, these Conditions or the Trust Deed (other than a 
proposed breach or breach relating to the subject of a Reserved Matter) if, in the opinion of 
the Trustee, the interests of the Bondholders would not be materially prejudiced thereby. 
Unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, any such authorisation, waiver or modification shall be 
notified to the Bondholders as soon as practicable thereafter. Any such authorisation, waiver 
or modification shall be binding on the Bondholders. 
 
15. 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, institute such proceedings and/or 
steps or action (including lodging an appeal in any proceedings) as it thinks fit to enforce its rights 
under the Transaction Documents or the Bonds for the Coupons and, at any time after the Security 
has become enforceable, the Trustee may at its discretion and without notice, take such steps, 
actions and proceedings as it may see fit to enforce the Security, but it shall not be bound to do so 
unless: 
(a) 
It has been so requested in writing by the Holders of at least one quarter of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Bonds or has been so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution; and 
(b) 
It has been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
No Bondholder or Couponholders may proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having 
become bound to do so, fails to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
The Trustee may refrain from taking any action in any jurisdiction if the taking of such action in the 
jurisdiction would, in its opinion based upon legal advice in the relevant jurisdiction, be contrary to any 
law of that jurisdiction. Furthermore, the Trustee may also refrained from taking such action if it would 
otherwise render it liable to any person in that jurisdiction or if, in its opinion based upon such legal 
advice, it would not have the power to do the relevant thing in that jurisdiction by virtue of any 
applicable law or in that jurisdiction or if it is determined by any Court or other competent authority in 
this jurisdiction that it does not have such power. 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Bondholders or Couponholders and in 
accordance with the Trust Deed, create and issue further bonds having the same terms and 
conditions as the Bonds in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as 
to be consolidated and form a single series with the Bonds. The Issuer may from time to time, without 
the consent of the Bondholders or Couponholders, incur, create or issue further secured or unsecured 
bonds or other Indebtedness. For the avoidance of doubt any further Bonds so issued shall be

--- Page 52 ---
Page 52 of 81 
 
secured over different assets to those assets used to secure any other previous issues of Bonds. Any 
further bonds forming a single series with the outstanding Bonds of any Series constituted by the 
Trust Deed or and deed supplemental to it shall, and any other bonds may (with the consent of the 
Trustee), be constituted by a deed supplemental to the Trust Deed. 
17. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the Holders of Bonds shall be sent to them by first class mail (or its equivalent) or 
(if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the Register or, 
if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having 
general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the 
fourth day after the date of mailing. 
(b) 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with 
the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the 
Bonds are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
18. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Bonds or the Coupons or any order or judgment given 
or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency”) in which the 
same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the 
"second currency”) for the purposes of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer; (b) the 
obtaining an order or judgment in any Court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment 
given or made in relation to the Bonds, the Issuer shall indemnify each Bondholder, on the written 
demand of such Bondholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified 
Office of the Principal Paying Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between 
(i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency 
into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Bondholder may in the 
ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a 
sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action. 
19. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) or percentages resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent, being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent), (b) all US dollar amounts used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be round to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded 
up), and (c) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded to the nearest two percentage places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded 
upwards. 
20. 
Governing law 
The Bonds, the Coupons and the Transaction Documents and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Bonds and the Transaction Documents are governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, English Law.

--- Page 53 ---
Page 53 of 81 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR BONDS WITH A DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST 
€1,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANOTHER CURRENCY) 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Bonds issued 
under the Programme with a denomination of at least €1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
Final Terms dated [⚫] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Bonds] 
Under the £500,000,000 secured limited recourse fixed rate registered bond programme 
The Bonds will only be admitted to trading on [a specific segment of the [Official Market (Amtlicher 
Handel)] [regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg)], which is a 
specific segment of an EEA regulated market (as defined in MiFID II)] [a specific segment of the 
Vienna MTF, which is a specific segment], to which only qualified investors (as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) can have access and shall not be offered or sold to non-qualified investors. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 11 October 2023 (the "Base Prospectus”). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Bonds described herein and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Bonds is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for 
viewing at the following website www. pcplc.co.uk ⚫ [and] during normal business hours at [address] 
[and copies may be obtained from [address]]. 
1.  
Issuer: 
Propiteer Capital PLC 
2.  
Issue Date: 
[⚫] 
3.  
[(i) Series Number:] 
[⚫] 
 
[(ii) Tranche Number:  
[⚫] 
 
[(iii) Date on which the Bonds become 
fungible: 
[The Bonds shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [⚫] on [the Issue 
Date/[⚫]].][Not Applicable]. 
4.  
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[⚫] 
5.  
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
[(i)][Series]: 
[⚫] 
 
[(ii) Tranche:] 
[⚫] 
6.  
Issue Price: 
[⚫] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [⚫]] 
7.  
i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[⚫] 
 
ii) Calculation Amount 
[⚫] 
8.  
i) 
Issue Date: 
[⚫] 
 
ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[[⚫]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
9.  
Maturity Date: 
[⚫] [Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest 
to [⚫]] 
10.  
Interest Basis: 
[[⚫] per cent] [Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
11.  
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[100] per cent of their nominal amount at 
[Maturity] [Early Redemption].

--- Page 54 ---
Page 54 of 81 
 
12.  
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Call Option]/[Not Applicable] 
13.  
Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Bonds obtained: 
[⚫] [and [⚫], respectively] 
14.  
Description of Collateral: 
[Legal charge over [commercial][residential 
property1]/[assignment of rental income in 
respect 
of 
[commercial][residential 
property]/[charge 
over 
[description 
of 
assets]/[debenture/deed of charge over the 
entire undertaking of the Borrower]to be held 
by the Borrower Security Trustee 
1 a legal charge over real property may only be 
provided in circumstances where no new or 
updated valuation report is required as part of 
the Collateral Manager’s due diligence in 
relation to any real property forming part of the 
Borrower Security 
There will be more than 5 Borrowers and the 
principal amount of each Borrower Loan will 
not account for 20% or more of the aggregate 
principal amount of all Borrower Loans 
outstanding. The loan origination will be 
provided by [⚫]. 
15.  
Value of Collateral: 
[⚫] 
16.  
Maturity Date of Collateral: 
[⚫] 
17.  
Details of any Material Relationship 
between 
Borrower 
and 
Issuer 
regarding the Collateral: 
[⚫] 
18.  
Key Representations regarding the 
Collateral: 
[⚫] 
19.  
Details of any Senior or Subordinated 
Debt relating to the Collateral: 
[⚫] 
20.  
Global statistical data in relation to the 
Bonds: 
[⚫] 
21.  
Details of the Method and date of the 
sale, transfer, novation or assignment 
of the assets or of any rights and/or 
obligations in the assets to the issuer 
[⚫][⚫] 
22.  
Name, 
address 
and 
significant 
business activities of the originator(s) 
of loans: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
23.  
Name, 
address 
and 
significant 
business activities of the Collateral 
Manager: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
24.  
Name, 
address 
and 
significant 
business activities of the calculation 
agent: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
The Calculation Agent is required to calculate

--- Page 55 ---
Page 55 of 81 
 
certain amounts in relation to the Bonds. The 
Issuer reserves the right (with the prior 
approval of the Trustee) at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Calculation 
Agent and to appoint a successor Calculation 
Agent. This can be undertaken on the provision 
of 6 months' notice. 
25.  
Material 
net 
economic 
interest 
retained by the originator, the sponsor 
or the original lender: 
[⚫] per cent 
26.  
Additional Business Centre(s) 
[⚫] 
27.  
Additional Financial Centre(s) 
[⚫] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
28.  
Fixed Rate Bond Provisions  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[⚫] per cent, per annum payable in arrears on 
each Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) First Interest Payment Date 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[⚫] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
 
(iv) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[insert Specified Currency] [⚫] per Calculation 
Amount 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual(ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 Fixed][Actual/365 Sterling] 
[Actual/360] [30/360] [30E/360 or Eurobond 
basis]  
 
(vi) [Party responsible for calculating 
the Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
[Principal Paying Agent]): 
[Propiteer Capital Plc shall be the Calculation 
Agent]] 
29.  
Zero Coupon Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i)  Accrual Yield: 
[⚫] per cent per annum 
 
(ii) Reference Price: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual(ICMA)] 
[Actual/365(Fixed)][Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360][30/360][30E/360 
or 
Eurobond 
Basis]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
30.  
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
 [(Put)] [⚫]  [(Call)[⚫]  
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[⚫]  
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[⚫]  
 
(iv) Notice period: 
[⚫] 
31.  
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 56 ---
Page 56 of 81 
 
 
(i) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Bond of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[⚫]  
 
(iii) Notice Period: 
[⚫] 
32.  
Final Redemption Amount of Each 
Bond 
[⚫]  
33.  
Redemption Sum on Zero Coupon 
Bonds 
[⚫] 
34.  
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption: 
[⚫]  
35.  
Early Termination Amount: 
[⚫] / [Not applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE BONDS 
36.  
Form of Bonds: 
 
 
 
Global Registered Bond [US$/Euro [⚫] nominal 
amount)] registered in the name of a nominee 
for [a common depository for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (that is, held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure (NSS)).] 
 
 
[CREST: 
Bonds 
will 
be 
deposited 
with 
Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited in accordance 
with the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 
2001 
(SI2001 
No. 
3755) 
including 
any 
modification thereof for the time being in force 
(the "CREST Regulations”) and the rules, 
regulations, 
procedures, 
facilities 
and 
requirements as defined in the CREST 
Regulations.] 
37.  
Principal Finance Centre: 
[⚫] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION  
[[⚫] has been extracted from [⚫]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [⚫], 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.]. 
Signed on behalf of Propiteer Capital PLC: 
By: 
 
.................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 57 ---
Page 57 of 81 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
(i) Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made to the specific segment of 
the Official Market (Amtlicher Handel), to which only 
qualified investors can have access, of the Vienna Stock 
Exchange (Wiener Börse) by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Bonds to be admitted to the specific segment of 
the Official Market of the Vienna Stock Exchange and 
trading on the Official Market, to which only qualified 
investors can have access, of the Vienna Stock 
Exchange] [Application has been made to the specific 
segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg), to which only 
qualified investors can have access, by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Bonds to be admitted to the specific 
segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) and trading on 
the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(Bourse de Luxembourg), to which only qualified 
investors can have access] [Application has been made 
to the specific segment of the Vienna MTF, to which only 
qualified investors can have access, of the Vienna Stock 
Exchange (Wiener Börse) by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Bonds to be included to the specific segment of 
the Vienna MTF which is a multilateral trading facility 
(MTF) of the Vienna Stock Exchange and trading on the 
Vienna MTF, to which only qualified investors can have 
access, of the Vienna Stock Exchange] [⚫] 
(ii) Estimated total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[⚫] 
(iii) 
All 
regulated 
markets 
or 
equivalent markets on which to the 
knowledge of the Issuer, notes of 
the same class as the Notes to be 
offered or admitted to trading are 
already admitted to trading: 
[⚫] 
(iv) [Expected] Date of Admission[s] 
[⚫] 
[(v) These Final Terms comprise the details required to list the issue of Bonds described in 
these Final Terms pursuant to the Programme (as from [specify issue date of the Bonds]).] 
2. 
Ratings: 
Ratings: The Bonds to be issued [are not/have been/are 
expected to be] rated: 
[Standard & Poor’s: [⚫]] [Moody’s [⚫]] 
[Fitch: [⚫]] 
3. 
Interests 
of 
natural 
and 
legal 
persons involved in the issue/offer: 
[Save as discussed in "Subscription and Sale”, so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the 
Bonds has an interest material to the offer.] 
 
[Amend as appropriate if there are other interests, 
including any conflicts.]  
 
The following additional interest(s) are material to issues 
of the Bonds: [•]/[Not applicable].

--- Page 58 ---
Page 58 of 81 
 
4. 
Reasons for the offer, estimated net 
proceeds and total expenses 
 
[(i)] Reasons For The Offer: 
[⚫] 
[(ii)] Estimated Net Proceeds: 
[The Estimated Net Proceeds are expected to be used 
towards the following principal intended uses (in order of 
priority): 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫]] 
[(iii)] Estimated Total Expenses: 
[The Estimated Total Expenses for the following principal 
intended uses (in order of priority) are expected to be: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫]] 
[(iv) 
Where 
Estimated 
Net 
Proceeds will not be sufficient to 
fund all of the proposed uses:]  
[Amount: [⚫]] 
[Sources of other funds needed: [⚫]] 
 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Bonds only – Yield] 
 
Indication of Yield: [⚫] 
[⚫] 
6. 
Operational information 
 
ISIN Code: 
[⚫] 
Common Code: 
[⚫] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking, 
société 
anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable] 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes][No] 
Value of assets which are to secure 
the Bonds issued: 
[⚫] 
7. 
Distribution  
 
US selling restrictions: 
Regulation S Compliance Category 2: [TEFRA C/TEFRA 
D/TEFRA not applicable] 
Name and address of any paying 
agents and depository agents: 
[None/[⚫]] 
8. 
Resolutions, 
authorisations 
and 
approvals by virtue of which the 
Notes will be created and/or issued 
[⚫] 
9. 
[Method of Distribution 
[Non-Syndicated] [Syndicated] 
10. 
Subscription Agreement

--- Page 59 ---
Page 59 of 81 
 
(i) Date of Subscription Agreement 
[⚫] 
(ii) General 
Features 
of 
the 
Subscription Agreement 
[⚫]] 
11. 
Details 
with 
Regard 
to 
the 
Manager[s] 
[⚫] 
(i) Manager[s] 
 
(ii) Commitment 
[Firm] [Without Firm] Commitment 
[(iii) Stabilising Manager 
[⚫] [None]] 
12. 
[Third Party Information 
 
13. [specify relevant information] has been extracted from [specify relevant source of 
information]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, as far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify 
relevant source of information], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 60 ---
Page 60 of 81 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The Issuer will use the proceeds from each Tranche of Bonds issued by way of Final Terms to 
procure Borrower Loans and/or make any payments required to be made pursuant to any Transaction 
Documents in relation to that Tranche of Bonds.  
In English Law, where a tranche of bonds has been redeemed in full, and there is surplus available, 
that surplus may be utilised by an issuer to service coupons or principle sums for other tranches or 
series of bonds. Unless specifically indicated the security granted over specified assets for one 
Tranche of Bonds may therefore legally be used to provide returns to any other Tranche of Bonds 
where there is a surplus available in relation to those assets.

--- Page 61 ---
Page 61 of 81 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Details of Independent Auditors 
AGK Partners, Chartered Accountants & Statutory Auditors, 1 Kings Avenue, N21 3NA ("AGK") have 
been appointed as the independent auditors of the Issuer and have audited the financial statements for 
the fiscal years ending on 30 June 2021 and on 30 June 2022 in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRS) (the Issuer's financial statements have been prepared under reporting 
standards known as FRS 102 in the United Kingdom, but the Issuer has not taken advantage of certain 
reduced disclosure obligations allowed for small companies under FRS 102, so the statements required 
in accordance with IFRS on profit and loss, cash flow and changes in equity which form part of the 
Issuer's financial statements are prepared in accordance with IFRS. As such where, for relevant items, 
the accounting treatment of items could differ in the Issuer’s financial statements under FRS 102 and 
IFRS, the actual treatment means they do not differ. The Issuer has taken advantage of an exemption 
available under FRS 102 (section 33.1A) from the requirement to disclose transactions with wholly 
owned members of the group.). AGK issued an unqualified auditors' opinion for the financial statements 
for the fiscal years ending on 30 June 2021 and on 30 June 2022. 
AGK is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. 
General 
Propiteer Capital PLC (the "Issuer”) was incorporated in England and Wales (registered number 
12101322) on 12 July 2019 as a public limited company under the Companies Act 2006 for an indefinite 
period and is a special purpose vehicle. Its legal name is Propiteer Capital PLC and its commercial 
name is "Propiteer Capital". The Issuer’s registered office is Olivers Barn, Maldon Road, Witham, Essex 
CM8 3HY. The principal place of business for the Issuer is Olivers Barn, Maldon Road, Witham, Essex 
CM8 3HY. The contact telephone number for the Issuer is 01376 319000 and its website is 
"pcplc.co.uk". The information on the Issuer’s website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless 
that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. The Issuer’s LEI code is 
635400PWTX8FMV3MNZ24. 
The legislation under which the Issuer operates is the legislation of England and Wales, i.e. the 
Companies Act 2006. 
The Issuer is not rated by a credit rating agency. 
The authorised share capital of the Issuer is 50,000 ordinary shares of £1 each, fully paid up. The shares 
are held through Propiteer Capital Holdings Limited (in such capacity, the "Share Trustee”) under the 
terms of a trust established under English Law by a declaration of trust dated June 2020 and made by 
the Share Trustee for the benefit of such charities as the Share Trustee may determine from time to time 
at its discretion. The Share Trustee has no beneficial interest in and derives no benefit other than its fees 
for acting as trustee from holding such shares.  
Principal Activities 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle and was set up to raise money for the purposes set out in this 
Base Prospectus, to enter into the transactions set out herein and to issue asset backed securities 
relating to portfolio of loans, to issue loans directly to Borrowers and to manage such portfolios of loans, 
either directly or through its arrangements with a collateral manager.  
The Issuer has issued bonds secured against assets in Series numbered 1 to 21. Series 1 to 5 and 
Series 74 are admitted to trading on the Vienna MTF which is a multilateral trading facility and such 
financial instruments do not have to comply with legally regulated admission requirements or 
transparency obligations and Series 1 to 5 and Series 74 are admitted to trading on the open markets of

--- Page 62 ---
Page 62 of 81 
 
the Börse Frankfurt. The current Bond Series of the Issuer are set out below, and the total amounts 
outstanding in unredeemed Bonds in issue total £35,638,535. 
 
There are no recent events particular to the Issuer which are to a material extent relevant to the 
evaluation of the Issuer’s solvency. 
Directors and Secretary 
The directors of the Issuer and their other principal activities are: 
SERIES
DESCRIPTION
SEDOL
ISIN
Amount Raised
Series 1
12% SECD BDS 04/09/24 GBP1000
SEDOL: BMGWZX1
ISIN: GB00BMGWZX12
465,000.00
£         
Series 2
12% SECD BDS 04/01/24 GBP1000 2-1
SEDOL: BMHYTN4
ISIN: GB00BMHYTN43
4,061,823.00
£      
Series 3
12% SECD BDS 04/01/24 GBP1000 3-1
SEDOL: BMHYTP6
ISIN: GB00BMHYTP66
799,410.00
£         
Series 4
6% SECD BDS 04/02/24 GBP1000 4-1
SEDOL: BN4NL35
ISIN: GB00BN4NL355
192,000.00
£         
Series 5
12% BDS 04/02/24 GBP1000
SEDOL: BL53Q68
ISIN: GB00BL53Q687
2,485,000.00
£      
Series 8
15% BDS 04/07/22 GBP1000 8
SEDOL: BMD8KL5
ISIN: GB00BMD8KL59
140,000.00
£         
Series 14
12% BDS 04/11/24 GBP1000 14-1
SEDOL: BND8D79
ISIN: GB00BND8D794
1,199,458.00
£      
Series 15
12% BDS 04/11/24 GBP1000 15-1
SEDOL: BND8D80
ISIN: GB00BND8D802
468,500.00
£         
Series 16
12% BDS 04/09/24 GBP1000
SEDOL: BKSDZM7
ISIN: GB00BKSDZM73
900,000.00
£         
Series 17
12% BDS 04/04/24 GBP1000 17-1
SEDOL: BP5FPF4
ISIN: GB00BP5FPF41
875,000.00
£         
Series 18
15% BDS 04/01/23 GBP1000 18-1
SEDOL: BP5FPG5
ISIN: GB00BP5FPG57
4,000,000.00
£      
series 20
7.1% BDS 04/07/25 GBP1000
SEDOL: BMCDSL7
ISIN: GB00BMCDSL79
10,000.00
£            
Series 24
18% BDS 14/04/2023 GBP 1000
 SEDOL: BL546D8
ISIN: GB00BL546D85
4,368,000.00
£      
Series 34
4.5% BDS 04/05/32 GBP1000
SEDOL: BMFTGP2
ISIN: GB00BMFTGP29
15,000.00
£            
Series 37
6% BDS 04/05/32 GBP1000
SEDOL: BMFTGS5
ISIN: GB00BMFTGS59
55,000.00
£            
Series 39
7% BDS 04/05/32 GBP1000
SEDOL: BMFTJN1
ISIN: GB00BMFTJN10
50,000.00
£            
Series 45
15% BDS 04/11/2024 GBP1000
SEDOL: BMFTJS6
ISIN: GB00BMFTJS64
1,188,500.00
£      
Series 47
12% BDS 04/06/2026 GBP1000
SEDOL: BL53X34
ISIN: GB00BL53X345
2,499,511.00
£      
Series 48
12% BDS 04/06/2026 GBP1000
SEDOL: BL546C7
ISIN: GB00BL546C78
484,500.00
£         
Series 49
12.00% 04/07/2026 GBP1000
SEDOL: BPQW8F5
ISIN: GB00BPQW8F59
4,197,224.00
£      
Series 50
8% CDDB 04/10/2027 GBP1000
SEDOL: BMWT2G8
ISIN: GB00BMWT2G89
60,000.00
£            
Series 51
10% CDDB 04/10/2027 GBP100,000
SEDOL: BMWT2H9
ISIN: GB00BMWT2H96
1,500,000.00
£      
Series 52
15% CDDB 04/07/2024 GBP1000
SEDOL:BMWT2L3
ISIN: GB00BMWT2L33
308,900.00
£         
Series 55
15% BDS 31/03/2023 GBP1000
SEDOL: BPG8Y99
ISIN: GB00BPG8Y993
935,000.00
£         
Series 56
13% BDS 04/09/2024 GBP1000
SEDOL: BQB59M0
ISIN: GB00BQB59M07
47,000.00
£            
Series 60
8% BDS 04/10/2027 GBP1000
SEDOL: BN4HWS9
ISIN: GB00BN4HWS90
5,000.00
£              
Series 65
12% BDS 04/10/2028 GBP1000
SEDOL: BJN4DN5
ISIN: GB00BJN4DN55
291,000.00
£         
Series 62
15% BDS 04/10/32 GBP1000
SEDOL: BQNLPK6
ISIN: GB00BQNLPK68
495,924.00
£         
Series 67
13% BDS 04/01/2025 GBP1000
SEDOL: BLC81K5
ISIN: GB00BLC81K54
36,666.00
£            
Series 68
15% BDS 04/01/2033 GBP1000 
SEDOL: GB00BQ2JT548 ISIN: GB00BQ2JT548
2,555,119.00
£      
Series 70
12% BDS 04/03/33 GBP1000 70 1
SEDOL: BMVQFJ4
ISIN: GB00BMVQFJ47
50,000.00
£            
Series 74
5.00% BDS 05/04/2033 GBP1000 74 1
SEDOL: BMBXQ14
ISIN: GB00BMBXQ148
100,000.00
£         
Series 78
24.00% BDS 17/10/2023 GBP 1000 78 1
SEDOL: BRXH062
ISIN: GB00BRXH0627
500,000.00
£         
Series 79
18.00% BDS 17/10/2023 GBP 1000 79 1
SEDOL: BRXH073
ISIN: GB00BRXH0734
300,000.00
£         
35,638,535.00
£

--- Page 63 ---
Page 63 of 81 
 
NAME 
POSITION IN THE ISSUER 
OTHER PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OF 
DIRECTORS 
David Gaynor 
COMPANY DIRECTOR 
Director - Halestyle Herbert Crescent 
Limited 
Paul Lack 
COMPANY DIRECTOR 
Director - Ourcrowd Management (UK) 
Limited; Director - Strategic Software 
Applications Ltd 
NAME 
POSITION IN ISSUER 
 
Paul Hole 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
Director – Bobald Ventures Limited, BOB 
Ventures Plc, Little Dog Venture Plc, MS 
Financial Limited; Kodur Fintech Limited; 
Mortgage Syndicate Holdings Limited; 
Kodur 
Facilities 
Limited; 
Propiteer 
Collateral Manager Limited; Propiteer 
Capital Holdings Limited. 
The business address of each of the above persons is Olivers Barn, Maldon Road, Witham, Essex CM8 
3HY.  
Major Shareholders and Corporate Governance 
The Issuer is owned or controlled by Propiteer Capital Holdings Limited but that entity does not have any 
controlling person, but the Issuer has a board of independent non-executive directors who act as its 
directors and independently of any shareholders of Propiteer Capital Holdings Limited to avoid any 
potential conflicts of interest for the Issuer. The Issuer will adopt corporate governance policies which 
comply with the Combined Code and the Model Code on Director’s Dealings. The Issuer is committed to 
the principles of corporate governance contained in the UK Corporate Governance Code issued by the 
Financial Reporting Council in May 2010 and which is publicly available on their website at 
www.frc.org.uk.  
Financial Information 
Since the date of the Issuer’s incorporation, the Issuer has commenced operations and the Issuer has 
issued its statutory financial statements.  
The financial year of the Issuer ends on 30 June in each year.  
The financial statements and accounts published by the Issuer are available for inspection during normal 
office hours at its business address set out above and on the Issuer’s website (www.pcplc.co.uk). 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
In the previous twelve months there have been no administrative, governmental, court or arbitration 
proceedings including proceedings which, as far as the Issuer's directors estimates are likely to have, or 
have had in recent past, significant effects on the Issuer's financial position or profitability. 
Significant/material change 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the financial 
position or prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited financial statements. 
Material Contracts 
There are no contracts having been entered into outside the ordinary course of any of the Issuer’s 
businesses, which are, or may be, material and contain provisions under which the Issuer has an

--- Page 64 ---
Page 64 of 81 
 
obligation or entitlement which is, or may be, material to the ability of the Issuer to meets its obligations 
in respect of the Bonds.

--- Page 65 ---
Page 65 of 81 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations 
and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or CREST (together, the "Clearing 
Systems”) currently in effect. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are 
advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant 
Clearing System. None of the Issuer, the Dealers, the Trustee and any other party to the relevant 
agency agreement will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or 
payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Bonds or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
CREST 
Bonds issued under the Programme may be settled and transferred through Euroclear UK & Ireland 
Limited (formerly known as CREST Co Limited) ("CREST") in accordance with the Uncertificated 
Securities Regulations 2001 (SI 2001/3755) (the "Regulations"). Investors wishing to have their 
Bonds delivered to a CREST stock account in their own name should include their CREST details in 
the relevant section of the application form. Dealing in the Bonds in advance of the crediting of the 
relevant CREST accounts will be at the risk of the person concerned. The Registrar may decline to 
register a transfer of an uncertificated Bond which is traded through the CREST system in accordance 
with the CREST rules where, in the case of a transfer to joint holders, the number of joint holders to 
whom uncertificated Bonds is to be transferred exceeds four. The settlement of Bonds through 
CREST means an investor will:  
1. 
authorise the Registrar to credit the CREST account specified with the number of Bonds for 
which the application is accepted; 
2. 
agree that, in the event of any difficulties or delays in the admission of the Bonds to CREST or 
the use of CREST in relation to the issue, the Issuer and the Registrar may agree that all of the 
Bonds should be issued in certificated form. 
CLEARING SYSTEMS (OTHER THAN CREST) 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the 
clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their 
respective account holders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services 
including safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities 
and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an 
electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective participants may settle 
trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. 
Indirect access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear 
through or maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of either system.

--- Page 66 ---
Page 66 of 81 
 
TAXATION  
The following is a general description of certain United Kingdom and European tax considerations 
relating to the Bonds. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to 
the Bonds, whether in those countries or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Bonds should consult 
their own tax advisers as to which countries’ tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and 
disposing of Bonds and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the 
Bonds and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This summary is 
based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in 
law that may take effect after such date.  
The tax legislation of the Investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation 
may have an impact on the income received from the Bonds.  
UNITED KINGDOM  
The following applies only to persons who are the beneficial owners of Bonds and is a summary of the 
Issuer’s understanding of current United Kingdom law and published HM Revenue and Customs 
("HMRC”) practice in the United Kingdom relating to United Kingdom withholding tax treatment of 
payments of principal and interest in respect of Bonds. It does not deal with any other United Kingdom 
taxation implications of acquiring, holding or disposing of Bonds. The United Kingdom tax treatment of 
prospective Bondholders depends on their individual circumstances and may be subject to change in 
the future (possibly with retroactive effect). Prospective Bondholders who may be subject to tax in a 
jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom or who may be unsure as to their tax position should seek 
their own professional advice. 
Interest on the Bonds 
Payments of interest on the Bonds may be made without deduction of or withholding on account of 
United Kingdom income tax provided that the Bonds continue to be listed on a "Recognised Stock 
Exchange" within the meaning of section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007. The Market is a 
recognised stock exchange. Securities will be treated as listed on the Market if they are included in 
the Official List and admitted to trading on the Market. Bonds to be traded on any other recognised 
stock exchange if (and only if) they are admitted to trading on that exchange and they are officially 
listed, in accordance with provisions corresponding to those generally applicable in European 
Economic Area states, in a country outside the United Kingdom in which there is a recognised stock 
exchange. Provided, therefore, that the Bonds remain listed on a recognised stock exchange, interest 
on the Bonds will be payable without withholding or deduction on account of United Kingdom tax.  
Interest on the Bonds may also be paid without withholding or deduction on account of United 
Kingdom tax where interest on the Bonds is paid by a company and, at the time the payment is made, 
the Issuer reasonably believes (and any person by or through whom interest on the Bonds is paid 
reasonably believes) that the beneficial owner is within the charge to United Kingdom corporation tax 
as regards the payment of interest; provided that HMRC has not given a direction (in circumstances 
where it has reasonable grounds to believe that the above exemption is not available in respect of 
such payment of interest at the time the payment is made) that the interest should be paid under 
deduction of tax.  
Interest on the Bonds may also be paid without withholding or deduction on account of United 
Kingdom tax where the maturity of the Bonds is less than 365 days from the date of issue and those 
Bonds do not form part of a scheme or arrangement of borrowing intended to be capable of remaining 
outstanding for more than 364 days.  
In other cases, an amount must generally be withheld from payments of interest on the Bonds on 
account of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate (currently 20%). However, where an

--- Page 67 ---
Page 67 of 81 
 
application double tax treaty provides for a lower rate of withholding tax (or for no tax to be withheld) 
in relation to a Bondholder, HMRC can issue a notice to the Issuer to pay interest to the Bondholder 
without deduction of tax (or for interest to be paid with tax deducted at the rate provided for in the 
relevant double tax treaty). Where withholding of taxes at source may be required, the Issuer shall 
arrange for the withholding of such taxes from payments to Bondholders. 
Other Rules Relating to United Kingdom Withholding Tax  
Bonds may be issued at an issue price of less than 100% of their principal amount. Any discount 
element on such Bonds should not be subject to any United Kingdom withholding tax pursuant to the 
provisions mentioned in the paragraph headed "Interest on Bonds" above, but may be subject to 
reporting requirements as outlined under the paragraphs headed "Provision of Information" and 
"EU Savings Directive" below.  
Where interest has been paid under deduction of United Kingdom income tax, Bondholders who are 
not resident in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes may be able to recover all or part 
of the tax deducted subject to an appropriate provision in any applicable double taxation treaty and 
the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Bondholder is resident for tax purposes.  
The references to "interest" above mean "interest" as understood in United Kingdom tax law. The 
statements above do not take any account of any different definitions of "interest" or "principal" 
which may prevail under any other law or which may be created by the Terms and Conditions of the 
Bonds or any related documentation. Bondholders should seek their own professional advice as 
regards the withholding tax treatment of any payment on the Bonds which does not constitute 
"interest" or "principal" as those terms are understood in United Kingdom tax law.  
Provision of Information  
Bondholders should note that, in certain circumstances HMRC has power to obtain information 
(including the name and address of the beneficial owner of the interest) from any person in the United 
Kingdom who either pays or credits interest to or receives interest for the benefit of the Bondholder. In 
certain circumstances, the information so obtained may be passed by HMRC to the tax authorities of 
certain other jurisdictions.  
The provisions referred to above may also apply, in certain circumstances, to payments made on 
redemption of any Bonds which constitute "deeply discounted securities" for the purposes of 
section 430 of the Income Tax (Trading and Other Income) Act 2005 (although, in this regard, HMRC 
published guidance for the year 2012/2013 indicates that HMRC will not exercise its power to obtain 
information in relation to such payments in that year).  
Information may also be required to be reported in accordance with regulations made pursuant to the 
EU Savings Directive (see below).  
EU SAVINGS DIRECTIVE  
Under the EU Savings Directive, each Member State is required to provide to the tax authorities of 
another Member State details of payments of interest or other similar income paid by a person within 
its jurisdiction to, or collected by such a person for, an individual resident or certain limited types of 
entity established in that other Member State. However, for a transitional period, Austria and 
Luxembourg are instead required (unless during that period they elect otherwise) to operate a 
withholding system in relation to such payments (the ending of such transitional period being 
dependent upon the conclusion of certain other agreements relating to exchange of information with 
certain other countries).  
A number of non-EU countries, and certain dependent or associate territories of certain Member 
States, have adopted similar measures (a withholding system in the case of Switzerland).

--- Page 68 ---
Page 68 of 81 
 
The European Commission has proposed certain amendments to the Directive, which may, if 
implemented, amend or broaden the scope of the requirements described above.

--- Page 69 ---
Page 69 of 81 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any entity or entities appointed from time to time 
as a dealer (the "Dealers”). 
If in the case of any Tranche of Bonds where the method of distribution is an agreement between the 
Issuer and a single Dealer, the Tranche shall be issued by the issuer and subscribed by that Dealer.  
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the 
relevant Bonds, the price at which such Bonds will be subscribed by the Dealer(s), the commissions 
or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription 
and whether or not the issue of the Bonds is underwritten by the Dealer(s). 
United States of America: Regulation S Category; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or neither if TEFRA (United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982) is 
specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms.  
The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of US persons except in 
certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.  
Each Dealer has agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver Bonds, (i) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Bonds comprising the 
relevant Tranche, as certified to the Principal Paying Agent or the Issuer by such Dealer (or, in the 
case of a sale of a Tranche of Bonds to or through more than one Dealer, by each of such Dealers as 
to the Bonds of such Tranche purchased by or through it, in which case the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Issuer shall notify each such Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified) within the United 
States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent 
to each dealer to which it sells Bonds during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Bonds within the 
United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Bonds comprising any Tranche, 
any offer or sale of Bonds within the United States of America by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  
SELLING RESTRICTIONS ADDRESSING ADDITIONAL UNITED KINGDOM SECURITIES LAWS 
Each Dealer will be required to represent, warrant and agree that:  
1. 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Bonds having maturity of less than one year:  
a. 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and:  
b. 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Bonds other than to persons:  
(i) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or  
(ii) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses,  
where the issue of the Bonds would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer;

--- Page 70 ---
Page 70 of 81 
 
2. 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in 
investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Bonds in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does 
not apply to the Issuer; and  
3. 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the 
FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Bonds in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 71 ---
Page 71 of 81 
 
GENERAL 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that (to the best of its knowledge and belief) it 
has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in 
or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Bonds or possesses, distributes or publishes this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. 
Each Dealer has noted that Bonds may be offered in the EU under an exemption pursuant to the 
Prospectus Regulation. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus of any Final Terms 
comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in 
each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Bonds or possess, 
distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all 
cases at their own expense.  
The Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any specific jurisdiction (set out 
above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) in official 
interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed "General" 
above.

--- Page 72 ---
Page 72 of 81 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of the 
Issuer passed on 3 August 2020. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all 
necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of 
the Bonds.  
Clearing of the Bonds 
The Bonds may be accepted for clearance through CREST. CREST is the electronic system for 
paperless settlement of trades in securities and the holding of uncertificated securities operated by 
Euroclear in accordance with the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001 (SI 2001/3755). The 
address of CREST is Euroclear UK & Ireland, 33 Cannon Street, London EC4M 5SB. 
The Bonds may be accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg.  
The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the 
Bonds of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall 
specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Bonds for clearance together 
with any further appropriate information. 
Bonds having a maturity of less than one year 
Any Bonds having a maturity of less than one year must (a) have a minimum redemption value of 
€1,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to persons whose ordinary activities 
involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses; or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their business or (b) be issued in 
other circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer.  
Bonds with a maturity of less than 12 months will not constitute money market instruments for the 
purposes of Article 2(1)(a) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Issue Price and Yield 
Bonds may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Bonds to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions and the issue price of the relevant Bonds will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. In 
the case of different Tranches of a Series of Bonds, the issue priced may include accrued interest in 
respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be 
the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the 
most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche.  
The yield of each Tranche of Bonds set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the 
relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an 
indication of future yield.  
Representation of Bondholders 
In general, all rights attached to the Bonds under the Programme must be asserted by the 
Bondholders or their representatives directly vis-á-vis the Issuer at its seat during usual business 
hours or in writing or before the competent courts. A representation of the Bondholders will not be 
organized by the Issuer.

--- Page 73 ---
Page 73 of 81 
 
Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities 
The Bonds are freely transferable in accordance with applicable law and the applicable rules of the 
relevant clearing system. 
Listing and Trading 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, bonds of the Issuer are admitted to trading on the open 
markets of the Börse Frankfurt and the Vienna MTF which is a multilateral trading facility. 
Listing Agents 
Wiener Privatbank SE is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation to the 
Bonds and is not itself seeking admission of the Bonds to the Market and to trading on the Market. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.  
Trustee’s action 
The Conditions and the Trust Deed provide for the Trustee to take action on behalf of the 
Bondholders in certain circumstances, but only if the Trustee is indemnified and/or secured and/or 
pre-funded to its satisfaction. It may not always be possible for the Trustee to take certain actions, 
notwithstanding the provision of an indemnity and/or security and/or pre-funding to it. Where the 
Trustee is unable to take any action, the Bondholders are permitted by the Conditions and the Trust 
Deed to take the relevant action directly.  
Post-issuance reporting 
The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance transaction information regarding any issues of 
Bonds or regarding the Issuer Security.

--- Page 74 ---
Page 74 of 81 
 
GLOSSARY OF TERMS 
Defined term  
Definition  
Accrual Yield 
has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms 
Additional Business 
Centre(s) 
means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
Additional Financial 
Centre(s) 
means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
agency agreement 
agreements entered into with key counterparties by the Issuer in connection 
with the provision of services relating to the issue of the Bonds between, 
among others, the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer and the 
Registrar. 
Bank 
means Global Custodial Services Ltd acting as a payment services operator 
holding client funds at authorised banking institutions 
Bondholders 
means the holder of the bond which is issued by the Issuer.  
Borrower 
means a counterparty to a Borrower Loan Agreement. 
Borrower Deed of 
Charge 
The security agreement containing a legal charge entered into by a Borrower 
to secure the obligations of a Borrower Loan Agreement 
Borrower Loan 
Agreement 
means the debt obligation owed by the Borrower to the Issuer. 
Business Day 
has the meaning set out in clause 2 (a) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Bonds above 
Business Day 
Convention 
has the meaning set out in clause 2 (a) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Bonds above 
Calculation Agent 
means the Principal Paying Agent or such other person specified in a 
relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms

--- Page 75 ---
Page 75 of 81 
 
Calculation Amount 
Has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms 
Collateral Manager 
Custodian Account 
an account opened by the Collateral Manager with the Custodian and over 
which security is granted by the Collateral Manager in favour of the 
Collateral Security Trustee. 
Collateral Security 
Trustee 
means City Partnership Limited (or such other entity or person replacing 
them from time to time) 
CRA Regulation 
Means the CRA Regulation (1060/2009) is the core EU legislation relating to 
credit rating agencies (CRAs) and credit ratings 
Custodian Account 
means the Sterling or other currency accounts of the Issuer opened with the 
Custodian or any replacement therefor 
Day Count Fraction 
has the meaning set out in clause 2 (a) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Bonds above 
Early Redemption 
Amount 
means, in respect of any Bond, its principal amount 
Early Termination 
Amount 
means, in respect of any Bond, its principal amount 
EEA 
means European Economic Area 
ESMA 
means European Securities and Markets Authority 
Euro 
means the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union, as defined in Article 2 of Council 
Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the Euro as 
amended 
Eurosystem 
means central banking system for the euro 
Exchange Act 
means U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
Facility Agreements 
means the Borrower Loan Agreements (or similar arrangements in place 
between a lender and a borrower (and which ultimately become 
arrangements with the Issuer and a borrower)) 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
means, in respect of any Bond, its principal amount

--- Page 76 ---
Page 76 of 81 
 
Final Terms 
means the terms for a Series of Bonds completing this Base Prospectus 
First Interest Payment 
Date 
means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms 
Fixed Charge 
means a security granted over a physical asset 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount 
Has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms 
forward-looking 
statements 
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of 
the Exchange Act 
Floating Charge 
Means a security granted over an intangible asset 
FSCS 
means the UK Financial Services Compensation Scheme 
FMA 
means the Financial Market Authority in Austria  
ICSDs 
means International central securities depositories 
Indebtedness 
means any indebtedness for money borrowed or raised including (without 
limitation) any indebtedness for in respect of: 
i. 
Amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
ii. 
Amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
iii. 
The amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase 
contracts which would, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, be treated as finance or capital leases; 
iv. 
The amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for 
assets or services the payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 
60 days; and 
v. 
Amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without 
limitation, any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial 
effect of a borrowing 
Interest Amount 
means, in relation to a Bond and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Bond for that Interest Period 
Interest 
means the Issue Date of the Bonds or such other date as may be specified

--- Page 77 ---
Page 77 of 81 
 
Commencement Date 
in the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms 
Interest Period 
means each period beginning on (and including) of the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next Interest Payment Date 
Investment Company 
Act 
means Investment Company Act of 1940 
Issuer 
means Propiteer Capital Plc 
Issue Date 
has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms 
Issuer 
Deed 
of 
Charge 
The security agreement containing a legal charge dated on or around the 
date of the Trust Deed granting security to Bondholders pursuant to the 
Trust Deed 
Issuer 
Secured 
Creditor 
means each of (a) the Bondholders and (b) the Trustee 
Legal Charge 
means a security interest agreement or similar which provides security over 
assets 
Market 
means the Official Market (Amtlicher Handel) of the Vienna Stock Exchange 
(Wiener Börse) and the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) 
Maturity Date 
has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount 
has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms 
MiFID II 
means the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount 
has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms 
New 
Safekeeping 
Structure or NSS 
means the structure under which registered Global Notes intended to be 
recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem must be issued. 
Payment 
Business 
Day 
means:

--- Page 78 ---
Page 78 of 81 
 
If the currency of payment is Euro, any day which is: 
a. 
A day on which banks in a relevant place of presentation are open 
for presentation for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
b. 
In the case of payment by a transfer to an account, a TARGET 
Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be 
carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
If the currency of payment is not Euro, any day which is: 
a. 
A day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open 
for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
b. 
In the case of payment by a transfer to an account, a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; 
Person 
means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether 
or not having separate legal personality 
Principal 
Financial 
Centre 
means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that in relation to Euro, it means the principal 
financial centre of such Member State of the European Communities as is 
selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent 
Prospectus 
Regulation 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended 
Rate of Interest 
means the rate of rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these 
Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms 
Redemption Amount 
means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put), The Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the 
nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final

--- Page 79 ---
Page 79 of 81 
 
Terms 
Register 
means the register maintained by the Registrar in respect of the Bonds in 
accordance with the agency agreement 
Regulation S 
means Regulation S under the Securities Act 
restricted securities 
means Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act 
Series 
means a parcel of bonds issued by the Issuer under a final terms 
Security 
means any Security Interest created, evidenced or conferred by or under a 
Deed of Charge 
Security Interest 
means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest 
including, without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing 
under the laws of any jurisdiction 
Secured Liabilities 
means all present and future monies, debts and liabilities due, owing or 
incurred by the Issuer to the Issuer Secured Creditors 
Securities Act 
means US Securities Act of 1933 
Security Trust Deed 
the Trust Deed between the Issuer and City Partnership Trustee Limited 
(S)EIS Funds 
Enterprise Investment Scheme Funds a scheme governed by HM Revenue 
and Customs to enable small business to raise funds 
SME 
means Small and Medium Enterprise 
Specified Currency 
has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms 
Terms and Conditions 
of the Bonds 
means the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms, will be endorsed on each Certificate issued under the Programme. 
Tranches of a Series 
means a series of bonds that can be issued by the Issuer with varying terms 
and interest rates 
Transaction 
Documents 
means the Trust Deed, the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Security Trust Deed 
and the agency agreements 
Trustee 
means City Partnership Limited (or such other entity or person replacing 
them from time to time)

--- Page 80 ---
Page 80 of 81 
 
 
 
Vienna MTF 
means multilateral trading facility (MTF) operated by Vienna Stock Exchange

--- Page 81 ---
Page 81 of 81 
 
DIRECTORY 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
 
Propiteer Capital Plc  
Olivers Barn 
Maldon Road 
Witham 
Essex  
CM8 3HY  
 
COLLATERAL MANAGER 
 
Propiteer Collateral Manager Limited 
53 Broad Street Green Road 
Great Totham 
Maldon 
CM9 8NX 
 
CUSTODIAN 
 
Global Custodial Services Ltd 
3rd Floor, 100 New Bond Street 
London 
W1S 1SP 
 
TRUSTEE 
 
City Partnership Trustee Limited  
Suite 2 Park Valley House  
C/O The City Partnership (UK) Ltd 
Park Valley Mills 
Meltham Road 
Huddersfield 
United Kingdom, HD4 7BH 
 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
 
Propiteer Collateral Manager Limited  
Olivers Barn 
Maldon Road 
Witham 
Essex  
CM8 3HY  
 
REGISTRARS 
 
The City Partnership (UK) Limited  
The Mending Rooms 
Park Valley Mills 
Meltham Road 
Huddersfield 
HD4 7BH 
 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS AS TO ENGLISH LAW 
TO THE ISSUER 
 
Druces LLP 
Salisbury House 
London Wall 
London 
EC2M 5PS 
 
AUDITORS 
 
AGK Partners 
Chartered Accountants & Statutory Auditors 
1 Kings Avenue 
N21 3NA 
 
LISTING AGENT 
 
Wiener Privatbank SE 
Parkring 12,  
1010 Wien

--- Page 82 ---
Signaturwert
KLghN2L0B1aVsEO/89Y1L/JBpVtrdbp6EgNUVhiwelrnHIv1ptKFSxjJJqtYymALhJbcg297VTVQrpQBhbdj
c00TbVSOBM8Kt3NI1/Dwi5WQL7hjuYNi5WxR/v9WfEBE1rBtKLRh9LUmb3v1CWrrrcblSwGzSzyj77YDDh0K
Gu7x74SwpAXkqdff6UX1AWZt1TNJA0/F+fvYCLkMTSfbNpbrEjHUlH+P96gKy0sYLXDM6dXuGUeJIuk4kogX
0grBezL7oErMfDZYBdz7pfaseKDJ3GpDxuVIAnwoVxDugkrJmeAzmXcu9JvTOGG7t6pDmdAWnlRUnm+d+rcE
McJ7XA==                                                                            
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
  
Unterzeichner
Österreichische Finanzmarktaufsichtsbehörde                        
                                                             
Datum/Zeit-UTC
2023-10-11T05:19:34Z                                               
   
Aussteller-Zertifikat
CN=a-sign-corporate-07,OU=a-sign-corporate-07,O=A-Trust Ges. f.    
Sicherheitssysteme im elektr. Datenverkehr GmbH,C=AT               
                
Serien-Nr.
676111463                                                          
   
Methode
urn:pdfsigfilter:bka.gv.at:binaer:v1.1.0
Prüfinformation
Informationen zur Prüfung des elektronischen Siegels bzw. der elektronischen
Signatur finden Sie unter:
https://www.signaturpruefung.gv.at 
Informationen zur Prüfung des Ausdrucks finden Sie unter:
https://www.fma.gv.at/amtssignatur 
Hinweis
Dieses Dokument wurde amtssigniert. Auch ein Ausdruck dieses Dokuments hat gemäß §
20 E-Government-Gesetz die Beweiskraft einer öffentlichen Urkunde.