--- Page 1 ---
Debt Issuance Program Prospectus 
dated May 11, 2022 (the "Date of Approval") 
 
 
 
 
ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE 
(Unterföhring, Federal Republic of Germany) 
as Issuer 
 
EUR 2,500,000,000 
Debt Issuance Program 
Under the EUR 2,500,000,000 Debt Issuance Program (the "Program") described in this Prospectus (the "Prospectus"), 
ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE ("ProSiebenSat.1" or the "Issuer" and, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the "Group" or 
the "ProSiebenSat.1 Group") may from time to time issue notes in bearer form (the "Notes"). The aggregate principal amount 
of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 2,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). 
This document has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") 
of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of June 14, 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The CSSF 
only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the 
Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. By approving this Prospectus, 
the CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this 
Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer.  
Application has been made to list Notes to be issued under the Program on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and to admit such Notes to trading on the market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange appearing on the list of regulated markets 
issued by the European Commission (Regulated Market "Bourse de Luxembourg") (the "Regulated Market"). The 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of May 15, 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 
2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II; as amended, "MiFID II"). Notes to be 
issued under the Program may also not be listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange. 
Arranger 
Commerzbank 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
Commerzbank 
ING Bank N.V. 
UniCredit 
This Prospectus and any supplement hereto will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). For the avoidance of doubt, the content of the aforementioned website does not form part of this

--- Page 2 ---
Prospectus. This Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from its Date of Approval. The obligation to supplement 
this Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this 
Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
ProSiebenSat.1 with its registered office in Unterföhring, Federal Republic of Germany accepts responsibility for 
the information contained in this Prospectus and for the information which will be contained in the relevant final 
terms (the "Final Terms") to be prepared in relation to each Tranche (as defined in the section entitled "1. General 
Description of the Program") of Notes to be issued under the Program. 
The Issuer hereby declares that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information 
contained in this Prospectus for which it is responsible is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts 
and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Program for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any documents incorporated herein by 
reference and with any supplement hereto. Full information on the Issuer and any Tranche of Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of this Prospectus (including any document incorporated herein by 
reference and any supplement hereto) and the relevant Final Terms. 
Other than in relation to documents incorporated herein by reference (see the section entitled "10. Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Prospectus refers does not form part 
of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer has independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, to 
the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express 
or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Arranger or by the Dealers as to the accuracy 
or completeness of the information contained in this Prospectus or any document incorporated herein by reference 
or any supplement hereto, or any Final Terms. No person has been authorized to give any information which is 
not contained in or not consistent with this Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Program 
or any information supplied by the Issuer or any other information in the public domain and, if given or made, 
such information must not be relied upon as having been authorized by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of 
Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche of Notes will be set out in the Final Terms 
which, in case of Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will 
be filed with the CSSF. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Program or any Notes (a) is 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation 
by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Program or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing 
any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own 
appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Program or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
This Prospectus is valid for twelve months following its Date of Approval and this Prospectus and any supplement 
hereto as well as any Final Terms reflect the status as of their respective dates of issue. The delivery of this 
Prospectus or any Final Terms and the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes may not be taken as an implication

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
that the information contained in such documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their respective dates of 
issue or that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer since such date or that any 
other information supplied in connection with the Program is accurate at any time subsequent to the date on which 
it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The language of this Prospectus is English. German language translations of the sections entitled "4. Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" and "5. Form of Final Terms" are also included in this Prospectus. The binding language 
of the Final Terms and the terms and conditions of the Notes applicable to any Tranche of Notes to be issued under 
the Program (the "Conditions") may be German or English as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The distribution of this Prospectus, any supplement hereto and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery 
of Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus, any 
supplement hereto or any Final Terms come are required to inform themselves about and observe any such 
restrictions.  
For a description of the restrictions applicable in the United States of America (the "United States"), the EEA, the 
United Kingdom (the "UK") and Japan see the section entitled "9. Selling Restrictions".  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States. The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) except pursuant to an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. 
Important – EEA Retail Investors 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in a member state of the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended or superseded (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. No key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Important – UK Retail Investors 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of the Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of the domestic law of 
the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation 
as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II Product Governance / Target Market 
The relevant Final Terms may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
UK MiFIR Product Governance / Target Market 
Moreover, the relevant Final Terms may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any Distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the EU Delegated 
Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules) or the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Issuer nor 
the Arranger nor any further Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the MIFID Product Governance Rules or the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Interest amounts payable on Notes with a fluctuating rate of interest (the "Floating Rate Notes") will be calculated 
by reference to a specific benchmark which will be provided by an administrator. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the specific benchmark applicable to an issue of Floating Rate Notes has not yet 
been determined. However, amounts payable under Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to 
EURIBOR (Euro Interbank Offered Rate) which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"). 
As at the date of this Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 8, 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending 
Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). 
The Final Terms will specify the name of the specific benchmark and the relevant administrator. In such case the 
Final Terms will further specify if the relevant administrator is included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation or whether 
the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply or whether the relevant benchmark 
does not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
This Prospectus, any supplement hereto and any Final Terms may only be used for the purpose for which they 
have been published. 
This Prospectus, any supplement hereto and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of an offer or 
solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
This Prospectus and any supplement hereto and any Final Terms do not constitute an offer or an invitation by or 
on behalf of the Issuer or any Dealer to subscribe for or purchase any Notes. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Program, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as 
Stabilization Manager(s) (the "Stabilization Manager(s)") in the relevant Final Terms (or persons acting on behalf 
of a Stabilization Manager) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price 
of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilization may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilization action may begin at any time after the adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer 
of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier 
of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche. Any stabilization action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilization Manager(s) 
(or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilization Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a statement that does 
not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts of future results and estimates of 
amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are identified by the use of terms 
and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", 
"project", "will" and similar terms and phrases, including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, 
to statements in this Prospectus containing information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations 
regarding the Issuer's business and management, its growth and profitability, and general economic and regulatory 
conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the Issuer 
makes to the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties 
and other factors which could cause actual results, including ProSiebenSat.1's financial condition and results of 
operations, to differ materially from and be worse than results that have expressly or implicitly been assumed or 
described in these forward-looking statements. ProSiebenSat.1's business is also subject to a number of risks and 
uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking statement, estimate or prediction in this Prospectus to become 
inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are strongly advised to read the sections entitled "2. Risk Factors" and 
"6. Description of ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE as Issuer" and such parts of the documents incorporated by reference 
into this Prospectus as set out in the section entitled "10. Documents Incorporated by Reference" below. These 
sections include more detailed descriptions of factors that might have an impact on ProSiebenSat.1's business and 
the markets in which it operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Prospectus may not occur. In 
addition, neither the Issuer nor the Arranger nor any further Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by 
law, to update any forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or 
developments. 
INFORMATION FROM THIRD PARTIES 
This Prospectus contains market data sourced from reports published by third parties. Irrespective of the 
assumption of responsibility for the contents of this Prospectus by the Issuer (see the section entitled 
"Responsibility Statement"), the Issuer has not independently verified such information, or makes any 
representation, or gives any warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of such information. 
Where information in this Prospectus has been sourced from a third party, the Issuer confirms that this information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information 
published by such third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. Nevertheless, prospective investors are advised to consider this information with caution.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
In preparing this Prospectus, the following sources of third-party information were used: 
 
Nielsen Media Germany GmbH, WizzAd, Date of data retrieval: January 18, 2022;  
 
AGF Videoforschung GmbH in co-operation with GfK, market standard: TV, VideoScope 1.4, January 1, 
2020 – December 31, 2021. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 
December 31, 2020 (the "Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2020") and the audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended December 31, 2021 (the "Audited 
Consolidated Financial Statements 2021" and, together with the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
2020 the "Audited Consolidated Financial Statements"), incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, have been 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union 
("IFRS") and the additional requirements of Section 315e para. 1 of the German Commercial Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch, "HGB"). 
This Prospectus contains certain non-IFRS financial measures, such as adjusted EBITDA (which is defined as net 
income before financial result, income taxes, depreciation, amortization and impairments of other intangible and 
tangible assets (after programming asset consumption), adjusted for special effects (reconciling items), and 
adjusted net income (which is defined as net income attributable to shareholders of ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE, 
adjusted for certain reconciling items) that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS. The Issuer 
presents the non-IFRS financial measure adjusted EBITDA for the Group and for its several business segments, 
and the non-IFRS financial measure adjusted net income for the Group, because they are used by its management 
for monitoring the ProSiebenSat.1 Group's business and management believes these non-IFRS financial measures 
facilitate an understanding of the underlying performance of the Group. Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net 
income are alternative performance measures as defined in the guidelines issued by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (ESMA) on October 5, 2015 on alternative performance measures (the "ESMA Guidelines"). 
The Issuer believes that the presentation of alternative performance measures included in this Prospectus complies 
with the ESMA Guidelines.  
Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net income may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other 
companies, have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as substitutes for an 
analysis of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group's results of operations as reported under IFRS. Adjusted EBITDA and 
adjusted net income are not measurements of the performance or liquidity of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group under 
IFRS and should not be considered as alternatives to operating result or net income or any other measures derived 
in accordance with IFRS or any other generally accepted accounting principles or as alternatives to cash flow from 
operating, investing or financing activities.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
 
1. 
General Description of the Program .......................................................................................................... 9 
2. 
Risk Factors ............................................................................................................................................. 11 
3. 
Issue Procedures ...................................................................................................................................... 41 
4. 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ......................................................................................................... 43 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with fixed interest rates.................................... 43 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with floating interest rates .............................. 66 
OPTION I – Bedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung ........................................ 91 
OPTION II – Bedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung ............................... 117 
5. 
Form of Final Terms .............................................................................................................................. 146 
6. 
Description of ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE as Issuer ............................................................................... 168 
7. 
Use of Proceeds ..................................................................................................................................... 192 
8. 
Taxation Warning .................................................................................................................................. 193 
9. 
Selling Restrictions ................................................................................................................................ 194 
10. 
Documents Incorporated by Reference .................................................................................................. 198 
11. 
General Information ............................................................................................................................... 200

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
1. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAM 
Under its Program, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes to one or several Dealers. References in this 
Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by 
more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes.  
The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes from time to time outstanding under the Program will not 
exceed EUR 2,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Program in accordance with the terms of the dealer agreement dated May 11, 2022 (the "Dealer Agreement") 
from time to time. 
Notes will be issued in tranches. The Notes belonging to the same tranche (the "Tranche") will be identical in all 
respects. One or more Tranches, which are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and are identical 
in all respects, but having (if so applicable) different issue dates, interest commencement dates, issue prices and 
dates for first interest payments, may form a series (the "Series") of fungible Notes.  
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer will agree on the Conditions (as defined above) applicable to each Tranche. 
The Conditions will be set out in a document specific to such Tranche referred to as Final Terms. 
Notes may be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, 
EUR 100,000, or, if in any currency other than euro, in an amount in such other currency equivalent to 
EUR 100,000 at the time of the issue of such Notes. Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, and 
requirements of relevant central banks, Notes may be issued in euro or any other currency. The Notes will be freely 
transferable. 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as stated in the 
relevant Final Terms. The issue price for Notes to be issued will be determined at the time of pricing on the basis 
of a yield which will be determined on the basis of the orders of the investors which are received by the Dealers. 
Orders will specify a minimum yield and may only be confirmed at or above such yield. The resulting yield will 
be used to determine an issue price corresponding to the yield. 
The yield for Notes with fixed interest rates will be calculated by the use of the ICMA (International Capital 
Market Association) method, which determines the effective interest rate of notes by taking into account accrued 
interest on a daily basis. 
Notes may be issued with a maturity of twelve months or more. 
Notes may be distributed by way of offers to the public or private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated 
or non-syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes may be offered to qualified investors only. 
Application has been made to list Notes to be issued under the Program on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and to admit such Notes to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Notes may further be issued under the Program which will not be listed or admitted to trading on any stock 
exchange. 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft will act as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent"). The Fiscal Agent shall also act as 
paying agent under the Program. 
Notes will be accepted for clearing through one or more clearing systems (the "Clearing Systems") as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. These systems will comprise those operated by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
am Main, Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Brussels. Notes denominated in 
euro or, as the case may be, such other currency recognised from time to time for the purposes of eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem, may be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Therefore, these Notes may initially be deposited upon issue with (i) either 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg or Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Brussels as common safekeeper (in the case 
of a new global note) or, (ii) Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main. This does not necessarily mean, 
however, that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria prevailing from time to time. 
Neither the Issuer, the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates has assumed or assumes responsibility for the 
lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor of the Notes, whether under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that 
prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
Each potential investor in Notes must determine the suitability of an investment in light of its own circumstances. 
In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference into this Prospectus or any supplement hereto; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes and the impact the 
Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
2. 
RISK FACTORS 
In addition to the other information set out in this Prospectus, prospective investors should consider carefully the 
risk factors set out below before making an investment in the Notes. If any of these risks materialize, individually 
or together with other circumstances, they may materially impair the business of ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE 
("ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE" or the "Issuer" and together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the "ProSiebenSat.1 
Group" or the "Group") and/or of its consolidated subsidiaries or the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes and may have material adverse effects on the Issuer's business, assets and liabilities, as well as 
on its financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, the realization of any of these risks may also 
negatively affect the market price of the Notes and cause losses for investors in the Notes.  
The Issuer believes that the risk factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Program. However, additional risks may be of significance of which ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE 
is currently unaware but which may also have material adverse effects on its business and business prospects, the 
ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes or on its assets and liabilities, financial condition and 
results of operation and cashflows or the market price of the Notes. The Issuer may be unable to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Notes and the market price of the Notes may decline if 
any of these or other risks materialize, and investors could lose all or part of their investment. 
The risk factors set out below are divided into risks related to the Issuer (see section 2.1 ("Risks related to the 
Issuer") below) and risks related to the Notes (see section 2.2 ("Risks related to the Notes") below). The risks 
related to the Issuer are sub-divided into four categories each indicated by a title (in bold font) (see sub-
sections 2.1.1 to 2.1.4 below), and the risks related to the Notes are sub-divided into two categories each indicated 
by a title (in bold font) (see sub-sections 2.2.1 to 2.2.2 below).  
Within the different risk categories in sub-sections 2.1.1 to 2.1.4 of section 2.1 ("Risks related to the Issuer") and 
within the different risk categories in sub-sections 2.2.1 to 2.2.2 of section 2.2 ("Risks related to the Notes") below, 
each individual risk factor is set out in a separate sub-section entitled with a sub-heading in bold italics font, with 
the most material risk being listed first in each of the risk categories in sub-sections 2.1.1 to 2.1.4 and in 
sub-sections 2.2.1 to 2.2.2, respectively.  
The assessment of materiality was made based on the probability of occurrence of each risk factor and the expected 
extent of its negative impact on the Holder. The risks set out after the most material risk are not further ranked by 
the Issuer in accordance with their respective degree of materiality. 
2.1 
Risks related to the Issuer 
2.1.1 
Risks related to the Markets and Industries in which the ProSiebenSat.1 Group Operates  
(a) 
The operating results of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group are highly dependent on revenues from the sale of 
TV advertising space. Advertising revenues are strongly influenced by economic conditions and 
structural developments in the media industry. Any deterioration of such conditions or adverse 
structural developments may cause the revenues, profits and cash flows of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group 
to decline significantly.  
In the financial year ended December 31, 2021 ("Financial Year 2021"), around half of the total revenues of the 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group (total revenues of EUR 4,494 million for the Financial Year 2021) were generated from the 
sale of advertising space, including both TV and non-TV advertising. Demand for advertising space is strongly 
influenced by prevailing economic conditions and consumer sentiment as well as structural developments 
regarding usage and reach of TV in the consumer space and hence relevance of TV as an advertising medium in 
the overall media mix. When the economic outlook is positive, advertisers are more willing to invest and overall 
advertising expenditure tends to rise in response to anticipated increases in consumer demand. Conversely, in 
periods of economic slowdown, advertisers react quickly to declining demand or an anticipated decline of

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
consumer demand by reducing their advertising budgets. Additional factors such as long-term domestic growth 
prospects, employment rates, consumer spending, purchasing power, access to credit, financial resources, 
geopolitical uncertainties and the overall investment climate may all affect advertising expenditures. Reported or 
anticipated declines in consumer spending, in particular, may reduce advertising expenditures. Difficult economic 
conditions and an uncertain outlook therefore have a pronounced effect on the business and operating results of 
the ProSiebenSat.1 Group through decreasing demand for advertising space and increasing price pressure. 
In 2017 to 2019, the company recorded a slight decline in advertising revenues, which was largely due to a 
deteriorating macro environment in the German-speaking region. In the financial year 2020, advertising revenues 
fell primarily due to the COVID-19 pandemic which impacted the macro-economic environment to a meaningful 
extent. 
While 2021 witnessed a recovery from the Covid-19 pandemic related lows in 2020 to 2019 pre-Covid levels, the 
reasons for these declines have not ceased to exist. These declines can be attributed to declining reach metrics for 
its traditional TV business caused by online video and social media offerings competing for available time budgets 
of consumers and changing consumer habits. While overall time budgets of consumers for video content have 
grown, subscription-based video streaming services such as Netflix, Prime Video, Disney+ or AppleTV+ as well 
as advertising funded online video players such as YouTube, Twitch and Facebook Watch as well as social media 
offerings such as Facebook, Instagram and TikTok are taking their share in consumers' viewing time. In response 
to these developments ProSiebenSat.1 Group embarked on a revised strategy in its Entertainment business by 
focusing on local and live content and on a broader total reach concept. The total reach approach encompasses 
traditional linear and non-linear usage combined and targeted advertising products such as Addressable TV. 
However, such total reach approach has so far not sufficiently grown to offset declines in traditional TV advertising 
revenues in absolute terms. As such, in the changing environment ProSiebenSat.1 operates, it cannot be reliably 
predicted if and when ProSiebenSat.1 will reach the inflection point of growing total advertising revenues in the 
future. Also, to reach this inflection point, disproportionate investment (e.g. into content) may be required. 
Profitability may be impacted by pricing pressure/inferior monetization. An ongoing structural decline of total 
advertising revenues in the future, failure to compensate such decline by other revenue sources, increased cost or 
pricing pressure could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and cash flows. 
(b) 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group faces risks related to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and any possible future 
outbreaks or recurrences which could have material and adverse impacts on ProSiebenSat.1 Group's 
business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and cash flows. 
The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has had, and any possible future outbreaks or recurrences coud have, an adverse 
impact on the ProSiebenSat.1 Group's business. The global spread of COVID-19 and its variants have resulted in 
international, federal, state and local public health and governmental authorities implementing numerous measures 
to contain the virus, such as the support of companies and research institutes in the fast-track development of 
COVID-19 vaccine, travel restrictions and bans, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, and mandated business 
closures. The impacts of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, including its variants, as well as some measures to 
contain it or them, respectively, have had, and are to some extent expected to continue to have, a negative impact 
on businesses around the world, including the ProSiebenSat.1 Group, and on global, regional, and national 
economies. Though in the Financial Year 2021, the ProSiebenSat.1 Group's revenues increased by 11% to 
EUR 4,494 million as compared to EUR 4,047 million in the financial year ended December 31, 2020 ("Financial 
Year 2020"), the Group was, to some extent, still impacted by COVID-19 pandemic-related restrictions. Economic 
uncertainty and restrictions on public and social life as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic heavily impacted 
advertising customers' spending, particularly in the first quarter of the Financial Year 2021. However, the 
advertising market in the German-speaking region (Germany, Austria and Switzerland) recovered significantly 
from the beginning of the second quarter. Furthermore, while ProSiebenSat.1 Group's Commerce & Ventures 
segment recorded a strong performance in the first nine months of the Financial Year 2021, beginning of the fourth 
quarter the COVID-19 pandemic and energy crisis impacted the Group's comparison portal Verivox and the 
experience and leisure business of Jochen Schweizer mydays Holding GmbH (Jochen Schweizer mydays;

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
Experiences) and other retail businesses within the Group's Commerce & Ventures segment, due to a general 
reluctance to buy against the backdrop of the COVID-19 pandemic. Also, the production business of the Group's 
Entertainment segment continues to be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. Many productions have been 
confronted with obstacles such as the shut-down of filming locations, logistical challenges, extensive hygiene 
processes and social distancing. Though production companies have managed to adapt their processes quickly and 
efficiently to counter these risks, it cannot be excluded, that the COVID-19 pandemic will, particularly if it 
deteriorates, have further negative impacts on the production business going forward.  
The Issuer continues to closely monitor the evolving COVID-19 pandemic. While many geographies eased 
restrictions during the first quarter of 2022, resurgences of COVID-19 or variants of COVID-19 could again result 
in the re-imposition of social distancing measures, shelter-in-place orders, quarantines or shutdowns, all of which 
may prolong the amount of time required for the normalization of global economic conditions. 
The extent of the future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on ProSiebenSat.1 Group's business and results of 
operations will be dependent on future developments, including but not limited to, the duration and severity of the 
crisis, the potential resurgence of the crisis, future government actions in response to the crisis and the overall 
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global and domestic economy and capital markets, including any 
recession resulting from the pandemic, all of which remain highly uncertain and unpredictable. Any of these 
negative impacts, alone or in combination with others, could also exacerbate many of the other risk factors 
discussed below in this section "Risk Factors". It can also not be excluded that in the future other diseases could 
cause similar consequences. 
(c) 
The war between Russia and Ukraine has, and is likely to continue to, generate uncertain geopolitical 
conditions that could adversely affect ProSiebenSat.1 Group's business prospects and results of 
operations. 
Russia launched a large-scale invasion of Ukraine on February 24, 2022, which evolved into a war between Russia 
and the Ukraine. The extent and duration of the Russia-Ukraine war, which as of the date of this Prospectus has, 
for example, resulted in comprehensive sanctions against Russia as well as the so-called Donetsk People's Republic 
and the so-called Luhansk People's Republic, in market disruptions, including in the oil and natural gas markets, 
shortages of commodities and declines in stock markets and has impacted the value of the Ruble against the Euro, 
are impossible to predict, but could result in significant continued market and global supply chain disruptions, and 
inflation affecting purchasing power and thereby global growth. 
ProSiebenSat.1 currently assumes only indirect impacts of the Russia-Ukraine war on the ProSiebenSat.1 Group. 
However, ProSiebenSat.1 Group continues to closely monitor the extent to which the Russia-Ukraine war will 
impact its Group companies, and the extent to which it and other emerging developments are expected to impact 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group in the future. The extent of the future impact of the Russia-Ukraine war on ProSiebenSat.1 
Group's operational performance will depend on future developments, including, but not limited to, the duration 
and severity of the conflict and the duration, timing and severity of the impact on global economic conditions, 
including on inflation, consumer willingness to spend or any resulting recession, all of which are uncertain and 
cannot be predicted. 
(d) 
Dependency on the German-speaking Free-TV market. 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group generates the predominant part of its advertising revenues in the German-speaking 
markets of Germany, Austria and Switzerland and to a lesser extent in the U.S. through its digital studio Studio71. 
A significant downturn or recession in Germany, and to a lesser extent in Austria and Switzerland, cannot be offset 
by better economic developments in other markets. Any deterioration of the economic environment and consumer 
sentiment in the markets of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group may lead to a decrease in advertisers' overall advertising 
spending and price pressure for advertising space, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
2.1.2 
Risks related to the Business of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group  
(a) 
The development of ProSiebenSat.1 Groups TV advertising revenues depends on the general reach of 
linear TV broadcasts in the Group's markets. Structural changes in media consumption habits may 
continue to reduce the relevance of television in the media mix and lower overall spending in 
traditional television advertising.  
In the broader advertising market, linear TV competes with various other advertising media, such as newspapers, 
magazines, radio, cinema, outdoor and online advertising. TV advertising is the key source of revenues of the 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group. The reach of linear TV as an advertising medium is therefore of key importance.  
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group considers TV to be a key advertising medium in Germany, the Group's most important 
advertising market. There can, however, be no assurance that this will also be the case in the future. Advertising 
funded video platforms like YouTube, Facebook Watch and Twitch and the social media offerings of Facebook, 
Instagram and TikTok are continuously growing their advertising funds and partly premium video offerings. This 
has caused advertisers to shift advertising spendings to media outlets, which offer advertising space at more 
attractive prices, more appealing demographics and/or better targeting solutions. All this can negatively affect the 
relevance of linear TV in the advertising market also in the future. In addition, subscription-based online video 
offerings such as Netflix, Prime Video, Apple TV+ and Disney+ are competing with linear TV for available 
viewing time of TV viewers.  
Each of these developments described above may lead to generally lower consumption of linear TV, reducing the 
reach of traditional TV and consequently the importance of TV as an advertising medium. The materialization of 
any of these risks described above could have material adverse effects on the business, financial condition, cash 
flows or results of operations of the ProsiebenSat.1 Group. 
(b) 
Any failure to adapt to changes in technology or to operate, maintain, integrate, scale and upgrade the 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group's network, digital and mobile platforms, websites and its other technology, and 
to leverage synergies between its business segments may adversely affect the business of the 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group.  
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group needs to anticipate and react to technological changes related to the access to TV and 
to TV advertising sales and to develop successful new and enhanced products, technologies and services quickly 
enough to adapt to the changing market. Furthermore, the ProSiebenSat.1 Group aims to leverage synergies 
between its business segments. Particularly the Entertainment and Commerce & Ventures segments may benefit 
from data and marketing synergies. The entertainment business is able to build leading consumer brands by 
harnessing the reach and advertising space of ProSiebenSat.1 Group's platforms. Through advertising on its 
channels, ProSiebenSat.1 Group is supporting its commerce companies in raising their brand awareness and 
consequently increasing their revenues and company value. In return, the data generated through the commerce 
companies helps to create addressable advertising offerings that can be tailored to the relevant viewers. With its 
reach and the advertising space on its platforms, the entertainment business has the power to further raise 
awareness of the ParshipMeet brands in the German-speaking markets. The Group also intends to strengthen ties 
between the Entertainment and Dating & Video segments in order to unlock further synergy potential by 
combining the ParshipMeet Group's live video streaming expertise with the entertainment know-how. All of this 
could result in the need to make substantial investments in new or enhanced technologies, data, products or 
services, and the ProSiebenSat.1 Group may not be able to adopt such technology or make necessary investments 
in data due to insufficient capital or for other reasons. Failure to respond adequately to technological changes could 
result in loss of viewers and a decrease in revenues and, as a result, the business, results of operations, cash flows, 
financial condition and prospects of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group could be materially and adversely affected.  
It may become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve the availability of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group's 
websites and digital or mobile platforms as products become more complex and customer traffic increases. If the 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group's websites, digital or mobile platforms are unavailable when customers attempt to access

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
them or they do not load as quickly as customers expect, customers may seek other services, and may not return 
to them as often in the future, or at all. The ProSiebenSat.1 Group's success also depends on its ability to 
continuously improve its current technological platform and sustain its interoperability with popular operating 
systems. Moreover, any failure to adopt and apply new technological advances in a timely manner could decrease 
the attractiveness and competitiveness of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group's websites, digital or mobile platforms. 
Inability to gain access to relevant data or to build relevant data pools could also lead to an inferior monetization 
of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group's various websites, platforms, and content and commerce offerings. 
In addition, the development and distribution of ad-blocking software (so-called plug-ins), which prevent 
advertising from being displayed, reduces the general reach of online advertisements which could result in a 
general decline in the appeal of online advertising and may cause advertisers to shift their advertising spending 
away from online advertisements to other media outlets. Failure to respond adequately to technological changes 
and inability to monetize the user or customer base because of insufficient data capabilities may negatively affect 
revenues and, as a result, the business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects of the 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group could be materially and adversely affected.  
(c) 
Monetization of advertising inventory in the digital (non-linear) space may be inferior to monetization 
in traditional linear TV which may cause profits and cash flows of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group to decline 
significantly 
Through its total reach and targeted advertising offerings ProSiebenSat.1 Group is currently aiming to address and 
mitigate the decline in the reach of linear TV and lower traditional TV advertising revenues. For example, 
ProSiebenSat.1 is currently using total video viewtime ("TVV") as performance indicator to demonstrate how its 
total reach proposition develops over time. TVV is the total of viewtime spend by viewers with the ProSiebenSat.1 
content, in minutes, across all platforms and channels. However, irrespective of a positive development of 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group's total reach metrics, monetization of advertising inventory in the digital (i.e., non-linear) 
space can be inferior to monetization in traditional linear TV with resulting negative effects on contribution 
margins and profitability even if total TV advertising revenues grow. 
(d) 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group operates in very competitive TV advertising markets, where factors such as 
the development of viewer shares, overall TV reach, pricing of advertising space and the public funding 
available to some of the Group's competitors may impair its ability to increase or even maintain its 
current level of advertising sales and pricing. 
Within its core TV advertising business, the ProSiebenSat.1 Group faces intense competition from other TV 
broadcasters and competitors operating in the entertainment and infotainment market. In the Group's core market, 
Germany, its main competitor, RTL Group, operates several advertising-funded free-TV stations. In addition, the 
Group competes with public broadcasters, a number of smaller private TV stations and, albeit to a lesser extent, 
with pay-TV providers such as Sky and video streaming services such as Netflix, Prime Video, Apple TV+ and 
Disney+. The competitive landscape in Austria and Switzerland is largely similar. 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group's ability to successfully compete for advertising accounts and maintain or increase its 
level of advertising sales depends on a number of factors, the most important being the viewer share and overall 
reach of its TV stations. Reach developments are influenced by sufficiently high TV market shares in the TV 
category and to a large degree by competition through other forms of media outside TV (in particular online video 
streaming and social media). If the viewer shares of the Group's TV stations were to decline, this would have 
negative effects on the Group's future advertising revenues. Moreover, while the viewer share is a core factor 
determining the ProSiebenSat.1 Group's commercial success, the Group may not always be able to translate a high 
viewer share into an equally high share of advertising sales or maintain or increase its prices for advertising space. 
Advertising clients tend to spread their media spending across market participants and other media markets so as 
to avoid dependency on individual advertising categories.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
The competitive landscape is also influenced by the funding available to the various broadcasters in the Group's 
markets, including the publicly owned and fee-funded TV stations. Based on their funding through mandatory 
broadcasting fees, these TV stations are significantly less dependent on advertising revenues and they have 
significant financial resources that enable them to secure attractive content, including major sports events (e.g. the 
Olympic Games or international football championships). Loss of attractive content or failure to produce or 
commission such content ultimately affects the ProSiebenSat.1 Group's viewer share and consequently demand 
for, and pricing of, ProSiebenSat.1 Group's advertising space. It is also possible that the competitive position of 
the public broadcasters will increase further in the future, e.g. through increasing broadcasting fees, eased legal 
requirements for new or extended services of public broadcasters or through loosened restrictions on the broadcast 
of advertisements by public broadcasters. Furthermore, new competitors may emerge both in traditional linear and 
non-linear distribution, thereby further increasing competition and fragmentation, or the existing competitors of 
the ProSiebenSat.1 Group may gain larger market shares or better funding than the ProSiebenSat.1 Group. As a 
result, the Group may suffer declining market shares and relevance for advertisers with negative impacts on its 
revenues, profitability and cash flows. 
(e) 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group's launch of additional linear or non-linear content offerings may not be 
successful. 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group has in the past launched new TV stations for linear TV distribution in Germany and 
may launch additional TV stations for linear TV distribution in the future. In addition, ProSiebenSat.1 has launched 
both non-linear and linear content offerings in the digital space such as maxdome (subscription and transaction 
based video-on-demand) and more recently Joyn (together with Discovery Communications, primarily an 
advertising funded video-on-demand service) and may launch additional such offerings in the future. The 
introduction of these linear and non-linear content offerings may require more investments or generate higher start-
up costs/losses than expected. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that new launches will break-even or prove 
commercially successful. If the Group's new content offerings do not become commercially successful, these 
offerings may ultimately be stopped and the Group may lose a large part of its investments, which in turn could 
have material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
(f) 
The Group's strategy to expand the range of local and live content may not be successful, which could 
have negative effects on its business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and cash flows. 
The share of local and live content in the programming mix of ProSiebenSat.1 Group's linear TV stations is 
continuously increasing and the ProSiebenSat.1 Group aims to further expand the range of local and live content 
to satisfy increasing viewer demand for local and live content and to set itself apart from global internet platforms. 
Local and live content is typically more costly than licensed content and may not be profitable for the Group, 
particularly as local and live content can typically only be broadcasted once. Moreover, with respect to local and 
live content ProSiebenSat.1 Group is dependent on the availability of talent and attractive formats. Local, 
commissioned or in-house productions may also have a higher failure rate in terms of viewer acceptance than 
licensed programming from U.S. studios. Despite extensive market research by the Group, fictional content and 
event-shows produced for the domestic German-speaking market tend to be exposed to a higher degree to creative 
risk in that viewers expect innovative formats and shows, but also tend to quickly reject local or live programming 
that does not meet their taste. Therefore, local, commissioned or in-house productions in the program mix of the 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group's linear TV stations entail risk of viewers migrating to other TV stations or non-linear 
content offerings, which may result in a lower viewer share for the Group and ultimately in negative effects on 
advertising revenues, which thus could have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results 
of operations and cash flows.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
(g) 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group's ability to retain and expand its reach by selectively acquiring attractive 
entertainment content may be compromised by limited access to, and by growing competition for such 
content and a changing supply or demand structure. Program cost increases may negatively affect 
profitability. 
The success of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group's content offerings depends largely on a sufficient supply of attractive 
content on commercially acceptable terms. TV programming licenses constitute a large portion of the Group's 
operating costs.  
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group acquires a significant portion of its licensed programs from major U.S. studios and 
independent producers on the basis of so-called package deals. However, popular programming content is still in 
high demand and while the market is very competitive, the supply side is dominated by a handful of large 
Hollywood studios with significant bargaining power. Unlimited access to and availability of these rights at 
commercially acceptable terms is crucial for the commercial success of the Group. Price increases or, if the 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group is not willing to accept such higher costs on commercial grounds, a shift of viewers to 
competing offerings and changes in the supply structure in the markets for programming content or in the licensing 
terms and conditions for television programming could have a negative impact on the ProSiebenSat.1 Group's 
viewer share and consequently on its advertising revenues.  
In addition, new competitors such as online streaming services DAZN or Prime Video have started to purchase 
attractive sports rights on a largely exclusive basis for linear distribution via online streaming and thereby outbid 
the traditional players in the market. The Group's existing or new competitors may outbid the ProSiebenSat.1 
Group for the best content at reasonable costs in – for ProSiebenSat.1 Group – more relevant content categories 
on the basis of more aggressive growth strategies or greater financial resources, be it for linear TV or non-linear 
content rights. This, in turn, could have a negative impact on the Group's viewer share and consequently on its 
advertising revenues. 
Increasing competition for content coupled with increasing costs could have an adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
(h) 
The market power of advertising agencies affects the ability of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group to raise or 
maintain prices or to reduce the discount levels inherent in the sector. 
The TV advertising markets in Germany, Austria and Switzerland are dominated by a limited number of media 
buying agencies. This concentration among media buying agencies may become even more pronounced in the 
future. The high concentration of advertisers with relatively few media buying agencies, coupled with intense 
competition in the broadcasting industry and the overall cyclicality of the industry, has in the past generally 
impaired the Group's ability to maintain or increase its net pricing levels, and this may continue or even intensify 
in the future. Furthermore, agreements between TV broadcasters and media buying agencies for TV advertising 
are generally renegotiated annually or bi-annually and usually provide for significant flexibility on the part of 
advertising clients in the Group's markets. For example, advertisers may have a right to cancel, reduce or 
renegotiate advertising commitments on short notice. As a result, the Group is particularly exposed to adverse 
effects from increased competition, loss of market share, and pricing levels. 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group has a number of customers with very large advertising budgets. It is possible that some 
of these large advertising accounts will be lost if, for example, no agreement can be reached on pricing. In the past, 
the Group has lost large accounts, which moved to competing broadcasters or shifted advertising spend outside 
TV to other media categories such as online or outdoor, and such losses may occur again in the future. 
The materialization of any of these risks described above could have material adverse effects on the business, 
financial condition, cash flows or results of operations of the ProsiebenSat.1 Group.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
(i) 
The Group's results are strongly influenced by a large fixed cost base and, in contrast thereto, low 
visibility and significant volatility in its revenues, in particular with respect to advertising revenues. 
The contracts by which the ProSiebenSat.1 Group acquires programming rights, in particular licensed 
programming, are generally long-term in nature and result in a high level of fixed costs. The Group's costs for 
distribution of content such as via satellite and cable signals also tend to be fixed over long periods. As a result, a 
large portion of the Group's costs are determined in advance for a period of several years, whereas the Group's 
revenues tend to be volatile and are very difficult to forecast with any reliability. This pertains in particular to TV 
advertising revenues, which are primarily generated through advertisers' short-term purchases of advertising space 
on the Group's TV linear stations and are consequently volatile. As a result, if and when the ProSiebenSat.1 Group's 
advertising revenues decline, the Group is limited in its ability to reduce costs to maintain its profitability and 
operating cash flow. This combination of a high level of fixed costs and variable advertising revenues, which are 
inherently difficult to forecast, can have material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and cash flows. 
(j) 
The valuation of programming assets is subject to uncertainties, and substantial impairments on the 
Group's programming inventory have occurred in the past and may again become necessary in the 
future. 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group's programming assets primarily comprise feature films, series, commissioned productions 
and advance payments for future broadcasting rights. All programming assets are initially recognized at cost and 
subsequently tested for impairment based on estimated revenue potential. This is also relevant for respective 
commitments, i.e. future inflow, from programming rights contracts, which are tested for impairment and the 
requirement for respective onerous contract provisions. Programming assets or groups of programming assets and 
related commitments are impaired if it is not expected that the costs are recoverable from future revenues. 
Indications for this assumption may include changes in the advertising environment, changing viewer tastes, 
media-law restrictions on the usability of films, licenses that expire for broadcasting, or if a commissioned 
production is discontinued. 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group implemented a strategic shift from licensed to more local and live content. Against this 
backdrop, ProSiebenSat.1 had to write-off and accrue for future impairments in significant amounts in the past 
(approximately EUR 170.0 million in 2017 and approximately EUR 354.0 million in 2018). Impairments on the 
Group's programming inventory may be required again in the future. This lack of visibility and the uncertainty 
around the commercial success of content acquired by the ProSiebenSat.1 Group, as well as other circumstances 
that call for impairments exposes the Group to the risk of substantial write-downs that could result in a material 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations.  
(k) 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group's linear TV broadcasting operations depend on sufficient technical reach 
via satellite and cable networks, as well as entry into transmission agreements on commercially 
reasonable terms. 
The main distribution networks for the linear TV stations of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group are satellite and cable 
networks. This is complemented by distribution via IPTV, terrestrial distribution as well as distribution via the 
internet or mobile streaming. In the Group's core German market, there is no statutory obligation per se to include 
private broadcasters' programming in terrestrial, satellite or cable transmissions. In Austria and Switzerland, the 
regime is similar. There can be no assurance that the ProSiebenSat.1 Group's linear TV stations will be able to 
continue to maintain adequate distribution in the future. Limitations imposed on the ProSiebenSat.1 Group with 
respect to linear distribution of its program could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, 
results of operations and cash flows.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
(l) 
The development of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group's distribution business depends on market 
developments, consumer acceptance and continued co-operation with satellite, cable, IPTV and Over-
the-top network operators and mobile streaming providers. 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group generates revenues from the distribution made by its TV stations in high-definition 
("HD") and ultra-high-definition ("UHD") quality, linear pay-TV stations and non-linear services such as catch-
up or instant restart for time shifted viewing. There can be no assurance that the market for this distribution 
business will continue to grow over the coming years. The HD and UHD penetration rate, meaning the percentage 
of households that use HDTV and UHDTV services may not continue to increase as expected or may not continue 
to grow at all. Households may eventually also prove unwilling to pay additional charges for this type of service. 
The same applies for the non-linear services. Likewise, demand for the pay-TV stations may not develop as 
expected. Moreover, the relevant distribution agreements (e.g. with satellite and cable network operators) have 
limited tenors and the Group may not be able to extend these agreements at commercially reasonable terms in the 
future or at all. Furthermore, it is conceivable that regulatory changes in the future may prohibit or impair the 
ability of ProSiebenSat.1 Group to charge for its HD or UHD signals. This could lead to declining distribution 
revenues in the future, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and cash flows.  
(m) 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group's commerce and dating & video business is subject to a high degree of 
competition and low market-entry barriers. 
In the Group's commerce business operated under the umbrella of the Commerce & Ventures segment, the 
competitive environment is very challenging. This also holds true for its dating & video business which is bundled 
in the Dating & Video segment. The various commerce verticals and the dating & video business in which the 
Group has invested or intends to invest are to a large degree based on reaching consumers via the internet and a 
wide array of devices, and the competitive landscape is characterized by strong competition either by existing large 
and established companies or new market entrants due to low market-entry barriers. A low level of customer 
loyalty and rapidly shifting trends pose additional challenges to building sustainable businesses with relevant 
market share or penetration.  
Due to the typically low entry barriers in the commerce and dating & video businesses, the Group is, or may in the 
future be, exposed to severe and extended price competition from existing or new competitors, including large 
global players with significant financial means that aim to build market share or even seek a dominant market 
position regardless of, or at the expense of, profitability and cash flows. Increased competitor activity could further 
cause selling expenses in connection with customer acquisition to rise. To contain these risks, the relevant Group 
companies are working on strengthening close communication with customers and expansion of their portfolio 
through, for example, apps or protected portals including personalized information for customers. However, there 
is no guarantee that these efforts will be successful or sufficient to absorb any risks.  
The Issuer believes that its TV reach and advertising power is an important factor for the larger part of its commerce 
and dating & video business. There is, however, no guarantee that this will be the case also in the future. 
Furthermore, the dependency on available advertising space for its commerce business and dating & video business 
is, in addition, subject to the risk of decreasing availability. If internal or third-party demand for advertising space 
increases, there would be less inventory available to support its commerce business and digital activities as a 
whole. Likewise, increasing regulatory restrictions for advertising broadcasts or a changing pricing policy (i.e., a 
decision to lower prices in order to increase advertising sales volume) could potentially limit the availability of 
advertising space. The overall competitive environment may intensify if other commercial broadcasters and other 
media companies pursue similar strategies. The materialization of any of these risks described above could have 
material adverse effects on the business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations of the 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
(n) 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group's content production and sales business operates in a very competitive 
environment and requires large upfront investments which may prove unsuccessful. 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group operates an international content production and distribution business under the 
umbrella of Red Arrow Studios ("Red Arrow Studios"), through which the Group participates in the entire content 
production value chain, comprising the development, production and sale of programming content (since January 
1, 2021, these activities are reported in the Entertainment segment of ProSiebenSat.1 Group). The content 
production and sales business is subject to significant risks. The development and production of content is 
expensive and commercial success depends on the Group's ability to meet viewer appeal and subsequently 
successfully market its productions. The production business is also very much dependent on access to creative 
talents. The Issuer competes with other production firms for format rights in shows aired outside its own territory 
it intends to adapt for its own markets, for licenses for literary adaptations and film scripts, as well as for contracts 
with successful directors, actors and studios. There can be no assurance that it will be able to do so effectively. 
The failure rate in the production business can be relatively high, and profitability is largely dependent on the 
generation of some hit TV shows or serial formats that allow for repeats, principally through the sale of additional 
seasons. In addition, Studio71, which comprises ProSiebenSat.1 Group's digital studio business, has not 
demonstrated over the past years that revenue growth is accompanied by positive earnings contributions due to the 
competitive market environment it operates in. The materialization of any of these risks described above could 
have material adverse effects on the business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations of the 
ProsiebenSat.1 Group. 
(o) 
The Group is generally exposed to risks in relation to business acquisitions, investments, partnerships, 
co-operations and divestments.  
Over the last few years, the Group has acquired other companies, participations, business activities, and 
technologies and made further investments and entered into partnerships and co-operation. The ProSiebenSat.1 
Group's investment decisions are dependent on the developments of markets in which it operates, and no 
assurances can be made that the Group will correctly anticipate market developments. Furthermore, no assurance 
can be made that, in spite of the due diligence it has performed, it has not acquired actual or potential liabilities in 
connection with the acquired companies, participations, investments, business activities and technologies for 
which it is not, or not sufficiently, covered by an indemnity, a guarantee or a similar agreement. This risk may also 
arise in connection with future acquisitions and investments. Furthermore, in case of joint ventures and 
partnerships, risks such as failure to execute the strategy, adverse market conditions, funding limitations of 
partners, a shift in strategic direction or diverging strategic objectives could cause the joint ventures or partners to 
dissolve the joint ventures or partnerships, incur impairments, sell the business to third parties or even terminate 
operations. In addition, past or future acquisitions, investments, co-operations or partnerships may not be 
successfully integrated into or aligned with the Group's existing operations, in particular in case such operations 
are managed in a decentralized way, or may not yield the expected benefits or advantages. Furthermore, 
participations in companies may be affected by macro-economic conditions and developments, including stock 
market disruptions, which may affect the value of ProSiebenSat.1 Group's investments. 
Part of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group's strategy is to actively manage its investment portfolio. This also comprises the 
divestment of business activities, companies and participations. Divestitures may fail or only be executed at much 
lower prices than anticipated and thus impair ProSiebenSat.1 Group's strategy of investing in new business 
activities, companies and participations and / or repay existing indebtedness. In addition, divestitures of portfolio 
companies may change the current overall business profile of ProSiebenSat.1 Group and alter or negatively affect 
the future business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Group as a whole. 
The materialization of any of these risks described above could have material adverse effects on the business, 
financial condition, cash flows or results of operations of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
(p) 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group may fail to adequately address the risks associated with third party 
investments in its subsidiaries. 
The entry into joint ventures or co-operations by the Issuer may also take the form of investments by third parties 
into the Issuer's subsidiaries, as is the case with the strategic partnership with General Atlantic PD GmbH, Munich, 
Germany, which holds a 28.41% interest in NuCom Group (since January 1, 2021, reported in the Commerce & 
Ventures segment), as well as a 45% interest in the ParshipMeet Holding GmbH (since January 1, 2021, reported 
in the Dating & Video segment). Should third parties invest in the Issuer's subsidiaries, they may be entitled to 
governance rights, which could include approval rights over significant business decisions, such as the approval 
of budgets or capital expenditures or the entry into material agreements. If and to the extent the Group's and the 
third-party investor's interests are not aligned, the third-party investor may use its governance rights to block or 
delay important business or investment decisions. Although the Group intends to address all these risks, e.g. 
through non-compete or exit provisions in the shareholders' agreement between the third-party investor and the 
Group, it cannot be assured that all (potential) risks will be addressed or that the provisions of the shareholders' 
agreement are valid or enforceable. In the context of the planned partial initial public offering of the Group's dating 
& video business, governance for the Group's dating & video business as a listed entity may change in a way that 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group may not be able to exert the same influence over the business, financial condition, results 
of operations and cash flows of its dating & video business as it did before. If any of these risks materialize, this 
could have material adverse effects on the Group's subsidiaries' business, financial condition, results of operations, 
cash flows and value of the Group's stake in such companies and thereby on the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and cash flows in the future. 
(q) 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group is subject to various risks from the outsourcing of services and dependency 
on third party providers. 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group has outsourced a range of services to external providers, for example for processing 
payments, providing video services or compliance with the rules on personalized advertising on mobile devices. 
The Group's outsourcing of services to third parties can result in a dependency on the performance of these service 
providers. It can also bring about a loss of operational control and flexibility, as well as reduced cost control. 
Further, third party services, such as, among others, GfK for the measurement of TV reach, may not always be 
available or may not be available at all. This could compromise the ProSiebenSat.1 Group's ability to offer and 
optimize its products and services. The materialization of any of these risks described above could have material 
adverse effects on the business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations of the ProsiebenSat.1 
Group. 
(r) 
Any harm to the brands or reputation of the Issuer or the ProSiebenSat. 1 Group may have a negative 
impact on the brands' ability to attract new, or retain existing, customers and enter into new markets 
or sectors. 
As ProSiebenSat.1 Group aims to continue its strategy to further diversify and digitize the Group's business and 
already operates numerous brands alongside the traditional media business, in particular within the Dating & Video 
and within the Commerce & Ventures business segments, the recognition and reputation of such brands of the 
Group and the companies among customers are important for the growth and success of the business and are 
critical to maintaining competitiveness in ProSiebenSat.1 Group's target markets. Negative public perception of 
one of ProSiebenSat.1 Group's companies or brands, even if factually incorrect or based on isolated incidents, 
could damage the brands' reputation, reduce the value of the brands, undermine the trust and credibility it has 
established and have a negative impact on the brands' ability to attract new, or retain existing, customers and enter 
into new markets or sectors, and could expand to ProSiebenSat.1 Group as a whole which may have a negative 
impact on the Issuer and other Group companies, which in turn could have material adverse effects on the 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
(s) 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group is subject to risks of outages or malfunctions of its data processing systems, 
unauthorized network intrusions, broadcasting service interruptions and data theft. 
The operations of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group are susceptible to outages due to incidents such as fire, water damage, 
floods, power loss, network failures and accidents, terrorist attacks, sabotage and other similar events. Broadcasts 
may also be disrupted as a result of local disasters including extreme weather or satellite and cable network 
malfunctions. Natural disasters, terrorist attacks, accidents and other incidents at sites of third parties with whom 
the Group cooperates in the context of broadcasts or other operations may also adversely affect the Group's 
business. 
As a result of the increasing digitalization, IT security risks, operating faults, malfunctions or interruptions of the 
data processing systems could have serious consequences for the business. These include violations of data 
integrity and data confidentiality. The ProSiebenSat.1 Group's exposure to unauthorized network intrusions and 
data theft has increased in line with its expanding digital reach via different media types, which is largely based 
on internet services (e.g. online video streaming), thereby increasing the risk of hacking attacks. Any such failures 
or network intrusions violate applicable privacy, data security and other laws, and could cause significant legal 
and financial risks and affect the efficiency and productivity of the Group's operations, as well as its reputation 
among consumers. The Group's business interruption insurance may not adequately cover all losses incurred as a 
result of any such events. 
(t) 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group's assets, which are to a large extent composed of goodwill and other 
identifiable intangible assets, may become subject to impairments. 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group's assets are generally subject to impairment risks (see also the risk factor "2.1.2(j) The 
valuation of programming assets is subject to uncertainties, and substantial impairments on the Group's 
programming inventory have occurred in the past and may again become necessary in the future."). In particular 
due to the large number of acquisitions and investments, in particular in the Group's commerce, dating & video 
and content production business, the amount of goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets on the Group's 
consolidated balance sheet increased significantly in the past. The increase of the amount of goodwill resulted 
from the difference between the purchase price calculated in accordance with IFRS 3 and the fair value of net 
assets acquired (after purchase price allocation), which is recorded as goodwill. In addition, many of the acquired 
companies are operating digital business models so that the net assets acquired at fair value primarily consist of 
intangible assets such as the brands and domain names. Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis or in 
case of an indication of a possible impairment using certain assumptions. The most important assumptions 
underlying the changes in value concern future cash flows, estimated growth rates, weighted average costs of 
capital, and tax rates. These assumptions, as well as the method used, may have a material effect on the resulting 
values. By nature, assumptions and estimates are less certain for intangible assets like goodwill than for all other 
assets. Impairments may result from, among other things, deterioration in performance, adverse market conditions, 
adverse changes in applicable laws or regulations, challenges to the validity of certain registered intellectual 
property, disposals of group assets and a variety of other factors. Changes in the ProSiebenSat.1 Group's 
expectations regarding the above-mentioned assumptions, triggered by changes in market developments, have in 
the past triggered impairments on the goodwill of acquired companies and other identifiable intangible assets (see 
also the risk factor entitled "2.1.2(w) The Issuer's forecasts on the development of its business and its earnings 
may turn out to be incorrect and it may be unable to achieve its short and mid-term targets."). Any such future 
impairments may have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial condition and results of operations. 
(u) 
The ability to recruit, retain and develop qualified personnel is critical to success and growth of the 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group. 
All of the businesses of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group function at the intersection of rapidly changing technological, 
social, economic and regulatory developments that require a wide-ranging set of expertise and intellectual capital. 
For the Group to successfully compete and grow, it must retain, recruit and develop the necessary personnel who 
can provide the needed expertise across the entire spectrum of intellectual capital and technical needs and

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
commercial know-how. With respect to the Group's broadcasting business, creative talent and entertainment 
personalities are instrumental in successfully reaching the Group's viewers with relevant programs, shows and 
other content. The ProSiebenSat.1 Group needs prominent hosts, journalists, presenters and other entertainers in 
its program offerings. Competition for talent is intense, particularly in technology-driven industries and the 
broadcasting business. In addition, personnel must be developed to provide succession plans capable of 
maintaining continuity in the midst of the inevitable unpredictability of human capital. However, the market for 
qualified personnel is competitive and the ProSiebenSat.1 Group may not succeed in recruiting additional 
personnel or may fail to effectively replace current personnel, who depart, with qualified successors. 
Successful management of the Group's business depends on a number of key personnel, including the members of 
the Executive Board of the Issuer. No assurance can be given that key personnel, including executive officers, will 
continue to be employed by the Group. Failure to retain or attract key personnel could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group. 
(v) 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group is exposed to risks with respect to the management of its organization and 
adherence to compliance-related standards and regulations. 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group conducts its business activities across different markets and industries. This requires 
an efficient organization that can be supervised and developed by management. Developing and refining 
appropriate internal management, organizational and risk monitoring structures for the purpose of identifying 
undesirable developments and risks, places high demands on the management and the Group as a whole. Delays 
in adapting the organizational structures could result in business or administrative oversights or errors, which could 
also lead to higher operating expenses or damages. The size of the Group's organization and the rapid development 
of compliance standards on a national and international level also increase demands on the Group wide 
organization. A particular risk may exist with respect to investments made by the Group's commerce and ventures 
businesses or business conducted by its international content production companies as well as its international 
dating companies. It is possible that day-to-day management of commerce and ventures businesses, dating & video 
or production companies or other subsidiaries does not meet the same standards as those of other subsidiaries of 
the Group, and an increasing number of participations may pose challenges in terms of managerial oversight and 
control on a Group level. Failure by the ProSiebenSat.1 Group to effectively manage its organization could have 
material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
(w) 
The Issuer's forecasts on the development of its business and its earnings may turn out to be incorrect 
and it may be unable to achieve its short and mid-term targets. 
The Issuer provides outlooks to investors with respect to, among other things, revenues, adjusted EBITDA, 
adjusted net income and cash flow and it makes other forward-looking statements as part of its investor 
communication. The Issuer also pursues a mid-term return on the capital employed target for the Group ("P7S1 
ROCE") and has defined return requirements for its investments. The Issuer's short-term outlook and potential 
mid-term goals are based on various assumptions and data available to the Issuer's management. Such assumptions 
and underlying data may, however, prove incorrect or imprecise. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that the 
Group will realize the short and mid-term targets or any other forward-looking statement. This also holds true for 
any profitability targets stated in or in connection with the short and mid-term targets. For example, due to lack of 
visibility on COVID-19 related impacts and thus economic uncertainty for remainder of the year, on April 22, 
2020, the Issuer withdrew its 2020 financial outlook for the Financial Year 2020 and, only on November 5, 2020, 
published a revised outlook for the remainder of the Financial Year 2020. Finally, the Issuer's short- and mid-term 
targets are subject to updates from time to time and investors should not view any short or mid-term targets as a 
forecast.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
2.1.3 
Legal, Regulatory and Taxation Risks  
(a) 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group's business operations are dependent on broadcasting licenses issued by the 
competent authorities. 
Commercial TV broadcasters in the Group's markets must obtain broadcasting licenses. Such licenses are awarded 
in some territories for an unlimited period of time and in some other territories for a fixed time period and are 
generally renewed as long as the relevant TV channels comply with the terms of their licenses and with general 
legal requirements. Failure by the ProSiebenSat.1 Group to comply in all material respects with the terms of 
broadcasting licenses or other legal requirements may, however, result in the loss of such licenses. In addition, 
there can be no assurance that renewals or extensions of existing licenses will be issued on the same terms as 
existing licenses. 
Under German broadcasting law, broadcasters must notify the competent state media authorities of a change in 
their direct or indirect shareholder structure subject to specific thresholds being met. The authorities then confirm 
a change as unobjectionable if they conclude that the relevant broadcasting license could also be granted under the 
changed circumstances. In their evaluation, the competent authorities consider in particular how the change in the 
shareholder structure affects media concentration and the safeguard of plurality of opinions. If a change in the 
shareholder structure cannot be confirmed as unobjectionable, the broadcasting license is to be revoked. 
Furthermore, the Bavarian media authority is authorized to order various measures with respect to broadcasters 
having a license issued by the Bavarian media authority, as it is the case with the Group's channels ProSieben and 
Kabel Eins, to prevent dominant power of opinion, including restrictions of the shareholder structure or 
shareholders' voting rights regarding program matters. Moreover, according to German broadcasting law, neither 
a political party nor a political party's affiliate may have dominant influence on a broadcaster or hold a broadcasting 
license itself. Consequently, changes in the Issuer's shareholder structure, in particular a change of control of the 
Issuer, may result in revocation of the Group's German broadcasting licenses or the imposition of restrictions and 
conditions on the Group's broadcasting operations in Germany. The loss of broadcasting licenses held by the 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group at their present terms or the Group's inability to obtain additional licenses, as it may require 
for its operations, could materially adversely affect its business, financial condition, results of operations and cash 
flows. 
(b) 
Supervisory and regulatory restrictions and changes in the relevant legal and regulatory environment 
could adversely affect the Group's business activities. 
The TV broadcasting operations of the Group in Germany and the other countries in which the Group operates are 
subject to extensive regulation. These regulations govern matters such as the issuance, renewal, transfer and 
ownership of broadcasting licenses, the timing and content of programming, the timing, content and amount of 
permitted advertising, protection of minors, accessibility of media services, restrictions to safeguard the plurality 
of opinions, including the obligation to air third-party programs, and cross-media, foreign or other ownership 
restrictions. 
In the Group's core market Germany, certain TV broadcasters, can be required to broadcast regional programs in 
certain regions (Regionalfenster), as it is the case with the Group's channel Sat.1, and independent third-party 
(Drittsendezeitfenster) programs typically dedicated to culture or other special interests. These regional programs 
are comparatively expensive and limit the overall flexibility in terms of program scheduling. The Group is also 
required to satisfy certain obligations with respect to the scheduling of programs of European and independent 
origin. The Group's cost with respect to third-party programs may increase if new laws and regulations mandate 
the scheduling of an even greater amount of such programming. These regulations can limit the Group's ability to 
increase its viewer share or otherwise contravene the development of its business – particularly in the Group's core 
market Germany. Moreover, these regulations may impose limitations on the Group's acquisition activity in the 
German media sector – for example, if the Group's German TV stations reach or exceed certain thresholds of 
viewer share.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
It is conceivable that further regulatory restrictions on broadcasting, programming, advertising or other relevant 
matters are introduced in the future. The Issuer believes it is particularly exposed to risks concerning stricter 
regulatory requirements, in particular regarding the amount and form of TV advertising. Other current or future 
business activities of the Group, such as its engagements in commerce, digital entertainment offerings as well as 
online dating, may also become subject to new or increasing regulatory requirements, which could make such 
business activities costlier, limit the Group's flexibility in terms of developing its business, or even render some of 
its existing business models untenable. 
Moreover, existing and future competitors of the Group that offer non-linear audiovisual media services from 
outside the European Union are not subject to the same regulatory requirements and limitations as traditional 
European linear TV broadcasters or European non-linear media services providers, e.g. in relation to the form and 
amount of advertising broadcasts, media concentration rules, regional programming requirements and the 
protection of minors. This non-level competitive field may increase further depending on regulatory developments.  
Furthermore, it cannot be excluded that changes in the legal and regulatory environment could have a material 
adverse effect on the general reach of ProSiebenSat.1 Group's TV broadcasts. Consequently, such loss of reach 
could lead to decreasing revenues generated from the sale of TV advertising space as ProSiebenSat.1 Group's TV 
advertising revenues depend on the marketable reach of its TV broadcasts. For example, the German parliament 
has adopted the Telecommunications Modernization Act (Telekommunikationsmodernisierungsgesetz) that 
transposes into national law the European Electronic Communications Code which leads to the repeal of 
apportionment of cable TV access fees by landlords on the tenants' rent and the introduction of the tenants' right 
to decline the cable TV access incorporated in the rent. As a consequence, the marketable reach of Group's TV 
broadcasts could decrease if landlords discontinue to provide their tenants with TV access or tenants opt to choose 
no TV access at all. 
(c) 
Changes in laws governing intellectual property may be disadvantageous to the ProSiebenSat.1 
Group's business. 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group's operations are to a large extent based on the use of intellectual property, and 
copyrights in particular. As a broadcaster, the Group licenses copyrighted content. The online business is also 
based on the use of copyright protected works. As a producer and distributor of content, the Group's production 
business is essentially a business based on the exploitation of copyrights to audiovisual content. Other types of 
intellectual property such as trademarks, which protect the Group's brands, are also important. As a consequence, 
the Group's business is exposed to changes in the laws relating to intellectual property and their application and 
enforcement. 
For example, the "Act on the Adaptation of Copyright Law to the Requirements of the Digital Single Market" 
(Gesetz zur Anpassung des Urheberrechts an die Erfordernisse des digitalen Binnenmarkts) which entered into 
force on June 7, 2021 concerns in particular the exchange of data and the already practiced principle of fair and 
proportionate remuneration. The effects of the legislative amendments on the ProSiebenSat.1 Group are not yet 
foreseeable at present as the exact interpretation, application and enforcement of the new act is still under 
discussion. 
If the legislative amendments were to result in significant changes regarding the level of copyright protection 
afforded to authors, the costs for content, which form a large part of the Group's expenses, may increase 
significantly, while it might become more difficult to refinance investments through licensing content to third 
parties, with material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash 
flows.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
(d) 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group is exposed to allegations of intellectual property infringement, and the 
Group may have to defend against third parties' infringement of its intellectual property rights. 
The Group has received various notices by third parties claiming infringement of their intellectual property rights 
in the past. Similar claims of intellectual property infringement may arise going forward, e.g. with respect to its 
brands, content offerings as well as information technology used by the Group. Such claims may result in costly 
and time-consuming litigation and/or may restrict the Group in its use of brands, content or technology that are 
important for its business. Alternatively, the Group may have to enter into royalty or licensing agreements at 
unfavorable terms. Conversely, the ProSiebenSat.1 Group may be exposed to intellectual property infringement 
by third parties, e.g. through content piracy or unauthorized use of the Group's brands and content, which may also 
entail costly and/or potentially unsuccessful litigation. Some of these intellectual property infringements by the 
Group or by third parties to the detriment of the Group may have material adverse effects on its business, financial 
condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
(e) 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group's business conduct, strategic co-operations, acquisitions and investments 
are subject to regulatory and compliance restrictions. Such restrictions have led to interventions by 
authorities and civil litigation in the past and may do so in the future. 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group's business conduct and development, in particular as it relates to co-operations, 
acquisitions and investments, is subject to European and national antitrust laws, regulatory restrictions and 
compliance requirements – both in Germany and in other jurisdictions within and outside the EU. In this respect, 
media companies in general and specifically the companies of ProSiebenSat.1 Group are primarily (but not only) 
subject to enforcement by the European Commission and, in Germany, also by the German Federal Cartel Office 
(Bundeskartellamt, the "FCO") and the media authorities of the German federal states (Bundesländer). Further 
limitations may follow from other national antitrust laws from within and outside the EU. Limitations are also 
imposed by media regulation, for example, through media concentration rules under the Interstate Media Treaty 
(Medienstaatsvertrag) which are under legislative review at present and might stipulate further limitations on co-
operations, acquisitions and investments in the media market in order to support media plurality. 
On January 19, 2021, the 10th amendment to the Act against Restraints of Competition (Gesetz gegen 
Wettbewerbsbeschränkungen, GWB, the "GWB") entered into force, constituting the most substantial reform of 
German antitrust law in the last years. Under the GWB, as amended, digital enterprises that dominate the market 
are subject to stricter supervision regarding any abuse of the digital market. Determining whether a company holds 
such a dominating market position involves a holistic assessment of several factors (dominance on several markets, 
vertical integration, financial strength and access to data or other resources). The FCO may now prohibit certain 
types of conduct of such companies (even if the company does not hold a dominant position), e.g. the hindering 
of competitors, on markets in which the company could rapidly expand its business position. The Group is not 
able to assess how the FCO will implement the novel regulations in practice, especially how the practice of fining 
proceedings will develop. Under the new provisions, significantly higher fines may be imposed for breaches of 
certain obligations. For example, the range of potential fines for violations of certain duties to provide information 
has been increased from the current maximum of EUR 100,000 to up to 1% of group-wide revenues in the previous 
financial year. The Issuer bears the burden of proof to demonstrate that its conduct is objectively justified. The 
Issuer may fail to comply with the new regulations, which could lead to administrative proceedings and substantial 
fines as a result of an infringement of any provisions of the amended GWB. 
On December 15, 2020, the European Commission adopted a proposal for a Regulation of the European Parliament 
and of the Council on contestable and fair markets in the digital sector (Digital Markets Act, the "DMA") that 
intends to ensure a higher degree of competition in the European digital markets, by preventing large companies 
from abusing their market power and by allowing new players to enter the market. On March 24, 2022, the Council 
and the European Parliament reached a provisional political agreement on the DMA following trilogue 
negotiations among the institutions in the European Union. Its actual impact on the Group companies, including 
risks, will be subject to close internal scrutiny after the European Parliament's final vote (expected in July 2022),

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
but cannot be reliably assessed/foreseen yet. The DMA is expected to come into force in 2023 at the earliest. 
Hence, the Group is also not able to assess how the Commission will implement the novel regulations in practice. 
Similar regulatory regimes apply or may apply in jurisdictions outside the EU (e.g. the U.S., U.K., Canada or 
other) in which the Group also operates. 
The Group has in the past been restricted in the strategic development of its business on the basis of antitrust laws 
and may be subject to a heightened level of antitrust scrutiny in the future. In addition, certain of the Group's 
ongoing or future disposals, acquisitions, investments and co-operations are or can become subject to review by 
antitrust authorities. These reviews may lead to time-consuming and costly control proceedings and no guarantee 
can be made that approval will be granted.  
Criminal infringements such as fraud could lead to criminal prosecution, fines and follow-on litigation. It is 
possible that the current German Federal Government will in the future approve a law which will impose certain 
corporate sanctions. However, as the former draft "Act on Strengthening of Integrity in Business" has not been 
passed in parliament, which would have introduced, among others, a Corporate Liability Act 
(Verbandssanktionengesetz), it remains to be seen which measures the current government will enact. It cannot be 
ruled out that the scope of permissible fines for business-related criminal offenses will be increased. 
(f) 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group's operations are subject to increasing regulation geared towards consumer 
protection and data protection.  
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group is faced with increasing regulation concerning consumer and data protection in the 
markets in which it operates. A number of European Union regulations and directives, and national laws that 
implement or complement these directives, impose extensive duties and responsibilities on online broadcasters, 
publishers, advertisers, providers of online marketplaces and retailers. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation, the "GDPR") harmonised the legal requirements 
for processing personal data in the European Union. However, the resulting rights and obligations in the area of 
online advertising still cannot be fully assessed; this applies in particular to the requirements for data processing 
for targeted group-specific online advertising. The online advertising industry has therefore founded a number of 
initiatives, such as the Transparency & Consent Framework, now in version 2.0 ("TCF 2.0"), to enable operators 
to request users' consent as required by data protection law. On February 2, 2022, the responsible Belgian data 
protection authority ("APD/GBA/DSB") objected to major elements of the TCF 2.0 mechanism and insists on 
various amendments. The Interactive Advertising Bureau Europe ("IAB Europe"), which manages the TCF 2.0, 
appealed the decision on March 4, 2022, and submitted amendments to TCF 2.0 (the "Action Plan") to 
APD/GBA/DSB on April 1, 2022. A decision on the merits by the competent Belgian court (Cour des 
Marchés/Marktenhof/Märktegericht) is expected for July/August 2022. The TCF 2.0's overall failure would harm 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group's advertising-financed business model, as it would make it much harder to obtain the 
permissions required for advertising feeds. While the future ePrivacy Regulation is still pending on trilogue stage 
among Council, Parliament, and Commission, the "Telecommunication and Telemedia Data Protection Act" 
(Telekommunikation-Telemedien-Datenschutz-Gesetz – TTDSG) further restricts end user device recognition since 
December 1, 2021. Beyond regulatory restrictions, the browser manufacturers and the providers of mobile device 
software are more and more limiting the use of online identifiers (in particular third party cookies and Mobile Ad 
Identifiers – MAIDs, e.g. Apple's App Tracking Transparency (ATT) Framework). Following the so-called 
Schrems II judgment, the European Commission adopted new standard contractual clauses (SCCs) for data 
transfers to non-secure third countries (particularly the United States). In order to agree to these clauses, the parties 
must define or implement additional protective measures. If adequate additional protective measures cannot be 
agreed on, it will be necessary to fall back on a less suitable provider within the European Economic Area. Also, 
the respective operator of an online service and third parties that process data integrated into the online service are 
jointly responsible within the meaning of Article 26 GDPR, which means that the respective operator of the online 
service must conclude arrangements on joint data processing (joint controller arrangements, JCAs) with a large 
number of third parties in order to comply with the requirements of the GDPR.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
Furthermore, the German Supply Chain Act (Lieferkettensorgfaltspflichtengesetz; the "GSCA"), which was 
adopted in June 2021, will come into force on January 1, 2023. The GSCA will require Group companies to 
implement certain appropriate measures to protect against specific risks relating to human rights and the 
environment, both within their own area of business and with respect to their direct and indirect business partners. 
Any breach of the resulting obligations may have significant negative consequences in terms of liability and may 
lead to legal action and fines. 
A number of European as well as national legislative initiatives aim to strengthen consumer protection. The 
provisions of Directive (EU) 2019/2161 of the European Parliament and of the Council of November 27, 2019 
amending Council Directive 93/12/EEC and Directives 98/6/EC, 2005/29/EC and 2011/83/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council as regards the better enforcement and modernization of Union consumer protection 
rules (the "Omnibus Directive") will, among others, adjust consumer rights (including the right of withdrawal) to 
contracts regarding the supply of digital content in close alignment with Directive (EU) 2019/770 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of May 20, 2019 on certain aspects concerning contracts for the supply of digital 
content and digital services (the "Digital Content Directive"), impose a new information duty regarding 
personalized pricing based on automated decision-making, place specific information requirements on providers 
of online marketplaces, e.g. as regards the ranking parameters, and prohibit further unfair contract terms. In case 
of certain widespread infringements affecting consumers in multiple EU member states within the meaning of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/2394 of December 12, 2017, the maximum fine amounts to 4% of the provider's annual 
revenues in the respective member state. The national implementation of the Omnibus Directive had to be adopted 
by November 28, 2021 and will be applicable as of May 28, 2022. As part of its Digital Market Strategy, in addition 
to the Digital Content Directive, the EU also passed Directive (EU) 2019/771 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of May 20, 2019 on certain aspects concerning contracts for the sale of goods, amending Regulation 
(EU) 2017/2394 and Directive 2009/22/EC, and repealing Directive 1999/44/EC. The directives lay down common 
rules applicable for the supply of digital content or digital services respectively the sale of tangible goods 
(including those with digital elements) as regards requirements for their conformity, remedies available to 
consumers for lack of conformity or failure to supply, the main modalities for the exercise of such consumer rights 
as well as on the modification of digital content or digital services. The national implementation of both directives 
had to be adopted by July 1, 2021 and is applicable since January 1, 2022. Directive (EU) 2020/1828 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of November 25, 2020 on representative actions for the protection of the 
collective interests of consumers and repealing Directive 2009/22/EC sets out the rules for EU-wide representative 
actions in case of infringements of specific EU law that protects the interests of consumers. Consumers across 
Europe will be able to jointly file actions against enterprises via "qualified entities". The national implementation 
of the directive shall be adopted by December 25, 2022 and be applicable six months later. In the event of certain 
breaches of EU law, e.g. in the area of general consumer rights or data protection, qualified entities will, besides 
having injunctive rights, in future be able to make claims for compensation, repair or contract termination, on 
behalf of consumers before the national courts. Furthermore, the "Fair Consumer Contracts Act" (Gesetz für faire 
Verbraucherverträge) has been adopted, at national level, which, among other things, provides for more stringent 
regulation of long-term contracts, including by making it easier for consumers to terminate contracts via an online 
cancellation button and with a maximum cancellation period of one month in case of automatically renewed 
consumer contracts. These regulations came into force on March 1, 2022 (as regards the regulation of long-term 
contracts) and will come into force on July 1, 2022 (as regards the online cancellation button), respectively, and 
will affect parts of the Group's Commerce & Ventures and Dating & Video segments. Another example is the 
proposed Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on a Single Market For Digital Services 
(Digital Services Act, the "DSA") that intends to reform the current EU legal framework governing digital services. 
Its main goal is to provide a safer online space for all users of digital services, i.e. by defining stricter rules and 
responsibilities for providers of intermediary services, and in particular (very large) online platforms. On April 23, 
2022, the Council and the European Parliament reached a provisional political agreement on the DSA following 
the trilogue negotiations among the institutions in the European Union. Its actual impact on the Group companies, 
including risks, cannot be reliably assessed/foreseen yet.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
Regulatory changes and intervention at national and international level could lead to further risks for 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group's Dating & Video segment's established business models. In particular, this could result in 
restrictions on free product design and pricing, which could negatively influence the development of revenues and 
earnings on the grounds of liability risks in the medium- to long-term. 
Similar regulatory regimes apply or may apply in jurisdictions outside the EU (e.g. the U.S., U.K., Canada or 
other) in which the Group also operates. 
Compliance with the current and forthcoming regulatory regime requires substantial resources and the 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group may not have been and in the future may not be in compliance with all applicable regulations 
at all times. In addition, any future legislative initiatives may require the Group to devote substantial resources to 
adapting its operations and may even require the Group to restrict its operations.  
(g) 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group is subject to risks from current or future legal and administrative 
proceedings. 
Various companies of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group are involved in administrative proceedings and litigation and are 
therefore exposed to numerous risks. Litigation and regulatory proceedings are inherently unpredictable and can 
be costly. There is no guarantee that the results of current or future legal and administrative proceedings will not 
materially harm the business, reputation or brand of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group and materially adversely affect 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group's financial condition or results of operations. The Group may incur losses in connection 
with current or future legal and administrative proceedings that exceed any provisions it may have made, in 
particular if the Issuer substantially misjudges the final outcome of lawsuits against the Issuer or its subsidiaries. 
Furthermore, the Group does not always make provisions for current legal or administrative proceedings. For 
example, a legal action by RTL 2 Fernsehen GmbH & Co. KG and El Cartel Media GmbH & Co. KG against 
Seven.One Media GmbH and several other current and former Group companies has been pending before the 
Düsseldorf Regional Court (Landgericht Düsseldorf) since November 10, 2008. The plaintiffs are asserting 
disclosure and damages claims in connection with Seven.One Media's former pricing policy, which was challenged 
and fined by the German Federal Cartel Office (Bundeskartellamt) in 2007. The external opinion commissioned 
by decision of the Düsseldorf Regional Court (Landgericht Düsseldorf) on April 13, 2012 has been submitted in 
February 2018. The expert has arrived at the conclusion that there are no statistically substantiated indications of 
a positive probability of damage. However, the plaintiffs have filed a motion to disqualify the expert on grounds 
of bias and disputed his conclusions. Meanwhile, the expert has died. The resulting consequences are not yet fully 
clear. However, there is a chance that the court might appoint another expert to examine the issue again. The court 
has yet to rule, and a decision could also be appealed. Therefore, the outcome of the proceedings is still 
unpredictable. The Group has not recognized any provisions as of December 31, 2021.  
(h) 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group is exposed to risks in relation to tax audits. Moreover, the ProSiebenSat.1 
Group is exposed to risks in relation to its tax structure, the tax treatment of M&A transactions and 
changes in tax laws. 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group is subject to regular audits by the tax authorities, which, for some entities of 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group, may lead to amendments of assessments for tax years that are ten or more years in the past. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the financial years from 2008 onwards for the German tax group comprising the 
Group's holding and entertainment business are still subject to review by the German tax authorities. Moreover, 
the ProSiebenSat.1 Group may be subject to tax audits for its other tax groups in Germany and in other jurisdictions 
in which it is currently subject to tax (e.g. in the jurisdiction of incorporation or of a permanent establishment). 
There is a risk that tax audits could result in additional taxes and interest payable by the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries, e.g. the tax authorities may challenge the factual or legal basis on which the tax returns were prepared 
or take views that are different from those reflected in such returns. The Group also depends on the validity and 
recognition of its tax structure and it is exposed to changes in the tax laws. For example, the ProSiebenSat.1 Group 
has in place a number of profit-and-loss transfer agreements between members of the Group, the validity and 
recognition of which is necessary for establishing a fiscal unity between these companies. Also, the entities of

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group have in the past engaged in numerous acquisitions, divestitures and reorganizations of 
businesses. Furthermore, changes in tax laws, which can have many different facets, and may also include an 
expansion of the applicable taxation base or an increase in tax rates, may increase corporate, trade and other taxes 
payable by the Group. Further, changes in tax laws could increase the ProSiebenSat.1 Group's tax burden. The 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group has entities in several jurisdictions, and their inter-company relationships (e.g. transfer 
prices) are subject to review in the course of tax audits. The materialization of any of these risks described above 
could have material adverse effects on the business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations of the 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group. 
(i) 
The Issuer may be obliged to withhold on payments to certain investors incorporated, established or 
tax resident in non-cooperative jurisdictions 
In case a holder is incorporated, established or tax resident in a non-cooperative tax jurisdiction (nicht kooperatives 
Steuerhoheitsgebiet) within the meaning of the German Act to Avert Tax Evasion and Unfair Tax Competition 
(Gesetz zur Abwehr von Steuervermeidung und unfairem Steuerwettbewerb) payments of interest or payments in 
lieu of interest by a German tax resident (such as payments by the Issuer) would be subject to German non-resident 
taxation (beschränkte Steuerpflicht). A jurisdiction will qualify as non-cooperative if it fulfils the requirements 
defined in the German Act to Avert Tax Evasion and Unfair Tax Competition (Gesetz zur Abwehr von 
Steuervermeidung und unfairem Steuerwettbewerb). The requirements defined aim to capture jurisdictions that do 
encourage abusive tax practices and do not comply with international tax standards and are based on and implement 
the European Council's conclusions on the EU list of non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (as updated 
and amended from time to time) and relating defensive measures approved by the EU Council. The withholding 
tax obligation under the German Act to Avert Tax Evasion and Unfair Tax Competition (Gesetz zur Abwehr von 
Steuervermeidung und unfairem Steuerwettbewerb) is applicable as of January 1, 2022. The withholding tax rate 
is 15% of the gross payments (plus any applicable solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag)). In this case the 
Issuer is not obliged to pay any additional amounts. 
2.1.4 
Risks related to the Financial Position of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group 
(a) 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group's debt leverage and debt service obligations may adversely impact the 
development of its business, as well as its financial flexibility, financial condition, operating 
performance and liquidity. 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group has incurred considerable amounts of financial indebtedness which predominantly, as 
of the date of this Prospectus, consists of the loans outstanding under the Credit Facilities Agreement (the Credit 
Facilities Agreement, as amended and restated provides for a term loan facility of EUR 1,200 million and a 
revolving credit facility of EUR 750 million[, which is undrawn as of the date of this Prospectus]), the EUR 500 
million outstanding under the unsecured syndicated promissory notes (Schuldscheindarlehen) issued on December 
1, 2016 (the "Promissory Notes 2016") and the EUR 700 million outstanding under the unsecured syndicated 
promissory notes (Schuldscheindarlehen) issued on October 1, 2021 (the "Promissory Notes 2021"). The 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group's current level of indebtedness can have several adverse consequences. For example, it 
could make it more difficult for the Group to satisfy its debt obligations. The margins payable to the banks under 
the Credit Facilities Agreement depend on the ProSiebenSat.1 Group's leverage as defined in the Credit Facilities 
Agreement. The level of its indebtedness requires the Group to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flows to 
payments to service its debt, thereby reducing the funds available to finance operations, capital expenditures 
(including expenditures in programming assets), working capital and other general corporate purposes, including 
dividends or share buy-backs. This may place the Group at a competitive disadvantage compared to those 
competitors that have less debt and limit the Group's flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the 
industry and/or business opportunities. Moreover, it may pose limitations on the Group's ability to obtain additional 
debt or equity financing, and it may increase the cost of capital. 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group's indebtedness and comparatively high leverage ratio (when compared to the Issuer's 
relevant broadcasting peer group) could make it more vulnerable in an economic downturn in the Group's markets

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
or, more generally, a poor operating performance of its business. High fluctuations in the Group's cash flows, 
particularly in light of the cyclicality of its business, may also intensify risks related to its indebtedness. 
Furthermore, the ProSiebenSat.1 Group may incur, on holding and/or subsidiary level, substantial additional debt 
in the future, in which case the described risks would intensify. Each of these risks related to the Group's level of 
indebtedness may create material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations 
and cash flows. An actual or impending inability to pay its debts and other obligations as they become due, and 
payable, could even require the Issuer and/or subsidiaries within the Group to apply for the opening of insolvency 
proceedings.  
(b) 
The contractual terms and conditions of the Credit Facilities Agreement and Promissory Notes impose 
restrictions on the business of the Issuer and its subsidiaries. 
The Credit Facilities Agreement and the terms and conditions of the Promissory Notes contain restrictive 
undertakings which will bind the Issuer and indirectly other Group entities. These non-financial covenants restrict 
or limit, among other things, the ability to create liens and to dispose of assets, in each case subject to a number of 
exceptions and qualifications. Some of these undertakings will be suspended, if the Group does not exceed a certain 
leverage ratio. 
However, future credit facilities agreements and/or other financial indebtedness may contain additional financial 
covenants. If the ProSiebenSat.1 Group were to breach any of these future financial covenants without curing such 
breach or obtaining a waiver from the lenders, as the case may be, it would be in default under the terms of such 
credit facilities agreements and/or other financial indebtedness. Such default could result in a default under other 
debt instruments issued or to be issued by ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE or other Group companies and could cause 
or permit the lenders under the credit facilities agreement or the holders of such other debt instruments to accelerate 
the relevant financing arrangements, whereby amounts owed under those arrangements would become due and 
payable immediately. The funds and other assets of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group could be insufficient to repay such 
amounts and/or continue making payments to other creditors. Ultimately, the Issuer and/or other subsidiaries 
within the Group could be required to apply for the institution of insolvency proceedings. 
(c) 
Dividend payments and other distributions to shareholders by the Issuer may limit its ability to meet 
its debt service obligations.  
Dividends may only be paid out of the distributable profit (Bilanzgewinn) of the Issuer recorded in its separate 
financial statements prepared in accordance with the HGB. The HGB accounting principles, applied in preparing 
the separate financial statements of the Issuer, differ from the IFRS accounting principles, on which the 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer are based. The payment of dividends is subject to the approval of 
the shareholders of the Issuer in the annual general shareholders' meeting of the Issuer. 
ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE has been pursuing a dividend policy since the financial year ended December 31, 2018 
that provides a distribution to shareholders of around 50% of adjusted net income. In accordance with this 
distribution policy, a dividend of EUR 0.49 per share was paid out in June 2021 for the Financial Year 2020. In 
view of the growth in adjusted net income, the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board proposed a dividend 
of EUR 0.80 per share to the annual general meeting (Hauptversammlung) in the financial year 2022 ending 
December 31, 2022 (the "Financial Year 2022") for the Financial Year 2021, which would increase the total 
expected dividend payment to around EUR 181 million. However, it cannot be excluded that the dividend policy 
may change in the future or that shareholders' resolve in shareholders' meetings on distributions deviating from 
the Issuer's proposals. In addition, the Issuer may in the future make share repurchases, either in lieu or in addition 
to its current policy of returning capital to its shareholders as was the case in the fourth quarter of the financial 
year ended December 31, 2018 and before. 
Given the envisaged high level of dividend distribution to its shareholders or future share repurchases, the Issuer 
may not have sufficient funds to redeem the Notes upon their maturity. No assurance can be given that any

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
alternatives, such as refinancing the Notes, reducing or delaying capital expenditures, selling assets or raising 
equity capital are available at all or at acceptable terms and whether those actions would yield sufficient funds to 
redeem the Notes. 
(d) 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group may be unable to refinance its bank loans or debt instruments issued or to 
be issued by ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE or other Group companies on similar terms or at all. 
All drawings under the term loan and revolving credit facilities of the Credit Facilities Agreement will be due for 
repayment in April 2023 or April 2024, respectively. The Credit Facilities Agreement will then most likely need 
to be extended or refinanced as the capital needs are not expected to decline significantly in the future, and 
revolving credit facilities will also be required for general corporate purposes. An extension or refinancing upon 
the credit facilities' maturity may not be available or may be so only on less favorable terms. In addition, other 
debt instruments issued or to be issued by ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE or other Group companies (including the 
Promissory Notes 2016, which will be due for repayment in December 2023 and 2026 and the Promissory Notes 
2021, which will be due for repayment in October 2025, 2027, 2029 and 2031, respectively) will or may have to 
be refinanced in the future. Financing required by the Issuer to refinance such debt instruments may not be 
available or may be so only on less favorable terms. If the Issuer were unable to refinance the loans under the 
Credit Facilities Agreement or other outstanding debt instruments, it could face liquidity problems with material 
adverse effects on the ProSiebenSat.1 Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, 
and, in a worst case, require the Issuer and/or subsidiaries within the Group to commence insolvency proceedings. 
(e) 
Exposure to fluctuating currency exchange rates. 
Revenues and income of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group are primarily generated in euro but the share of currencies 
other than the euro continues to increase. For ProSiebenSat.1 Group, the main currency apart from the euro remains 
the US Dollar, particularly after the acquisition of The Meet Group, Inc. ("The Meet Group"). The financial 
statements of Group companies with their registered office outside the eurozone are converted to euro for the 
Group's consolidated financial statements. In the context of foreign currency management, the holdings in these 
companies are regarded as long-term investments. For this reason, ProSiebenSat.1 Group does not hedge the 
respective 'translation risk'. 
In addition, the Group may enter into contracts, or make transactions or incur costs denominated in various 
currencies other than euro and may not always be able to match revenues with costs denominated in the same 
currency (resulting in 'transaction risk'). If the currency in which the costs are denominated increases in value 
relative to the currency in which the revenues are denominated, operating margins decrease. In connection with 
such foreign exchange 'transaction risks', the Group has entered into (derivative) hedging instruments. However, 
there can be no assurance that it will be able to successfully hedge its foreign exchange risks at reasonable cost or 
at all in the future.  
(f) 
Exposure to fluctuating interest rates and negative market values of derivatives transactions. 
The predominant part of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group's borrowings are subject to variable interest rates. Given the 
existing level of debt, the associated interest rate risk exposure is significant. Any rise in the reference interest rate 
agreed upon for such borrowings would result in a higher interest rate payable by the Issuer. In connection with 
such interest rate, the Group has entered into interest rate swaps, options and other derivative hedging instruments. 
The interest rate swaps may carry substantial negative market values which means that in case of an early 
termination of such interest rate swaps, the Group would have to pay the amount of the respective negative market 
value of the terminated interest rate swap to the relevant hedge counterparty. 
The fact that interest levels may increase in the medium or long-term and that hedging transactions envisioned by 
the Group's hedging strategy may not always be available at a reasonable cost in the future could have a material 
adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Issuer and/or other 
members of the Group.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
(g) 
A change of control at the Issuer or other Group companies may entail significant negative 
consequences for the Group. 
The Credit Facilities Agreement contains a "change of control" clause, according to which any lender may 
terminate its participation in the credit facility and demand repayment of all outstanding funds drawn down within 
a defined period if a third party directly or indirectly acquires more than 50% of the voting rights of the Issuer. 
Furthermore, the Promissory Notes 2016 and the Promissory Notes 2021 issued by ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE or 
other debt instruments issued by ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE or other Group companies in the future, including the 
Notes to be issued under the Program, contain or may contain "change of control" clauses. 
No assurance can be made that, upon the occurrence of a "change of control" event within the meaning of the 
relevant clauses, the Issuer or other Group companies would be able to refinance their respective debt or that the 
Group's assets would be sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding, in which case the Issuer and/or other members 
of the Group could be required to apply for the institution of insolvency proceedings. 
(h) 
Any uncertainty in global financial markets could adversely affect ProSiebenSat.1 Group's access to 
and cost of financing. It may also increase risks in relation to the Group's counterparty exposure and 
investment propensity of its customers.  
Over recent years, global financial markets were marked by continued uncertainty around the development of the 
global economy, in particular, concerns about the European sovereign debt crisis, a slowdown of the Chinese 
economy, the development of the U.S. economy, the persistent situation of negative interest rates especially in the 
EUR region and Brexit. Most recently, in particular the Russia-Ukraine war, the COVID-19 pandemic, trade 
tensions between the U.S. and China as well as between the U.S. and Europe, and geopolitical risks such as the 
continuing unrest in the Middle East have impacted and/or may impact the global economy and hence the global 
financial markets. Continued and renewed financial difficulties of banks or government funding may limit the 
availability of credit further and/or increase the cost of borrowing or jeopardize the ability of the ProSiebenSat.1 
Group's lenders to fulfill commitments made under the ProSiebenSat.1 Group's credit facilities.  
A pronounced or prolonged negative performance of financial markets and declining availability of credit could 
have material adverse effects on the ProSiebenSat.1 Group's business, financial condition, results of operations 
and cash flows. No assurance can be given that such matters could not also adversely affect the ability of the Group 
to satisfy its obligations under the Notes and/or the market value and/or the liquidity of the Notes in the secondary 
market. 
2.2 
Risks related to the Notes 
2.2.1 
Risks related to the nature of the Notes 
(a) 
Risk in connection with an insolvency and/or decrease in creditworthiness of the Issuer. 
Any person who purchases Notes is relying on the creditworthiness of the Issuer and has no rights against any 
other person. Holders are subject to the risk of a partial or total failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or 
redemption payments that the Issuer is obliged to make under the Notes. As a general rule, the worse the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer, the higher the risk of a loss. A materialization of the credit risk may result in partial 
or total failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or redemption payments under the Notes.  
If, for example, because of the materialization of any of the risks regarding the Issuer or the Group, the Issuer is 
less likely to be in a position to fully perform all obligations under the Notes when they fall due, the market value 
of the Notes may suffer. In addition, even if the Issuer is not actually less likely to be in a position to fully perform 
all obligations under the Notes when they fall due, market participants could nevertheless have a different 
perception. In addition, the market participants' estimation of the creditworthiness of corporate debtors in general 
or debtors operating in the same business areas as the Group could adversely change. If any of these risks occurs,

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
third parties would only be willing to purchase Notes for a lower price than before the materialization of the 
relevant risk. Under these circumstances, the market value of the Notes would decrease and Holders could lose 
some or all of their investment.  
(b) 
Risk of structural subordination. 
The Notes will be obligations of the Issuer only and will not be guaranteed or secured by any of the subsidiaries 
of the Issuer. In the event of a liquidation, winding-up or dissolution or a bankruptcy, administration, 
reorganization, insolvency, receivership or similar proceeding of any subsidiary of the Issuer, such subsidiaries 
will pay the holders of its own debt (including holders of third-party debt which such subsidiaries may have 
guaranteed) before they would be able to distribute any of their assets to the Issuer. As a result, the Issuer may not 
have sufficient assets to make payments on the Notes and Holders could lose some or all of their investment.  
Furthermore, while the Notes are unsecured, the Issuer is entitled to provide security for its financial or other 
indebtedness except for capital market indebtedness, subject to certain thresholds. Such transactions may reduce 
the amount recoverable by the Holders upon winding-up or insolvency of the Issuer resulting in a partial or total 
loss of Holders. See also the risk factor "2.2.1(d) Risks in connection with negative pledge, Asset-Backed Securities 
(ABS) and other refinancing transactions.". 
(c) 
Risks in connection with the amount of financial indebtedness which the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries may incur in the future. 
There is no restriction on the amount of financial indebtedness which the Issuer or its subsidiaries may issue which 
ranks equal to the Notes or would equally rank to the Notes if they were issued by the respective subsidiary. Such 
issuance of further debt may reduce the amount recoverable by the Holders upon winding-up or insolvency of the 
Issuer or any of its subsidiaries and may increase the likelihood that the Issuer defers payments of principal or 
interest under the Notes. 
(d) 
Risks in connection with negative pledge, Asset-Backed Securities (ABS) and other refinancing 
transactions. 
§ 2 of the Conditions contains a negative pledge (the "Negative Pledge") of the Issuer under which it undertakes 
(i) not to provide or maintain any in rem security interest (other than permitted security) for any existing or future 
capital market indebtedness on its assets, and (ii) to the extent permitted by law, to procure that no material 
subsidiary provides any security for present or future capital market indebtedness on its assets, without in each 
case at the same time granting to the Holders an equivalent security. However, any security over assets that will 
be granted in connection with asset-backed securities or any similar instrument that involves the financing of a 
specific identified pool of assets ("ABS") by the Issuer or its material subsidiaries (i) up to a threshold of EUR 
100,000,000 in respect of ABS and (ii) up to a threshold of EUR 200,000,000 in respect of other refinancing 
transactions, is not subject to the Negative Pledge.  
(e) 
Risks in connection with the Negative Pledge and Borrowings not classified as Capital Market 
Indebtedness.  
Any borrowings that do not meet the definition of Capital Market Indebtedness (including, but not limited to, bank 
loans or promissory note loans (Schuldscheindarlehen)) contained in the Conditions are excluded from the 
Negative Pledge. Therefore, in any of these cases the Issuer is under no obligation to grant the Holders an equal 
and rateable security. Such transactions may reduce the amount recoverable by the Holders upon winding-up or 
insolvency of the Issuer.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
(f) 
Liquidity risks. 
Application may be made to list the Notes on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit the 
Notes to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Conversely, the Program provides 
that Notes may not be listed at all.  
Regardless of whether the Notes are listed or not, there can be no assurance that a liquid secondary market for the 
Notes will develop or, if it does develop, that it will continue. The fact that the Notes may be listed does not 
necessarily lead to greater liquidity as compared to unlisted Notes. If Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing 
information for such Notes may, however, be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes 
adversely. In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell its Notes at any time at fair market prices. 
The possibility to sell the Notes might additionally be restricted by country specific reasons. 
(g) 
Holders are subject to general taxation risks as a result of an investment in the Notes.  
Potential investors should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other documentary charges or duties 
in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are transferred or those of other 
jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available 
for innovative financial instruments such as the Notes. Potential investors are advised to ask for their own tax 
adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only 
these advisors are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor. The aforementioned 
individual tax treatment of the Notes with regard to any potential investor may have an adverse impact on the 
return which any such potential investor may receive under the Notes. 
(h) 
Risks relating to credit ratings.  
A rating of Notes by one or more credit rating agencies, if any, may not adequately reflect all risks of the investment 
in such Notes. Equally, ratings may be suspended, downgraded or withdrawn. Such suspension, downgrading or 
withdrawal may have an adverse effect on the market value and trading price of the Notes. In addition, in case the 
Issuer applies for and receives one or more credit ratings in the future, such rating(s) may not reflect the 
expectations of market participants and may have an adverse effect on the market value and trading price of the 
Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by 
the relevant rating agency at any time. 
(i) 
Foreign exchange risks. 
A Holder of Notes denominated in a foreign currency is exposed to the risk of changes in currency exchange rates 
which may affect the yield of such Notes. Changes in currency exchange rates result from various factors such as 
macro-economic factors, speculative transactions and interventions by central banks and governments. 
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the euro, for example, will result in a corresponding change 
in the euro value of Notes denominated in a currency other than euro and a corresponding change in the euro value 
of interest and principal payments made in a currency other than euro in accordance with the terms of such Notes. 
If the underlying exchange rate falls and the value of the euro correspondingly rises, the price of the Notes and the 
value of interest and principal payments made thereunder expressed in euro falls. 
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, Holders may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
2.2.2 
Risks related to the specific terms and conditions of the Notes 
(a) 
Risk in connection with changes in the market interest rate. 
The Notes bear interest at (i) a fixed rate (the "Fixed Rate Notes") or (ii) at a floating rate (the "Floating Rate 
Notes") as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Holder of a Fixed Rate Note is exposed to the risk that the price of such Note falls as a result of increasing 
interest rates on the capital markets (the "market interest rate") for comparable debt securities of the same maturity. 
While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, is fixed during 
the life of such Notes, the market interest rate typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate 
changes, the price of Fixed Rate Notes also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate 
increases, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically falls, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the 
market interest rate of comparable debt instruments. If the market interest rate falls, the price of Fixed Rate Notes 
typically increases, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable 
issues. If Holders of Fixed Rate Notes hold such Notes until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are 
without relevance to such Holders as the Notes will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the 
principal amount of such Notes, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The development of market prices of 
the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market interest rate levels, the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer, the policy of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the lack of or excess demand 
for the relevant type of Note. Therefore, any Holder is exposed to the risk of an unfavorable development of market 
prices of its Note which materializes if the Holder sells its Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes.  
Floating Rate Notes, which provide for interest payments on the basis of a variable rate of interest (the "Floating 
Rate"), tend to be volatile instruments. Holders of Floating Rate Notes are exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest 
rate levels of the Floating Rate and uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels of the Floating Rate 
make it impossible to determine the profitability of Floating Rate Notes in advance. Neither the current nor the 
historical value of the relevant Floating Rate should be taken as an indication of the future development of such 
Floating Rate during the term of any Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may be structured to include caps and/or floors. In such case, their market value may be more 
volatile than the market value for Floating Rate Notes that do not include these features. The effect of a cap is that 
the amount of interest will never rise above and beyond the predetermined cap, so that Holders will not be able to 
benefit from any actual favorable development of the Floating Rate beyond the cap. The yield could therefore be 
considerably lower than that of similar Floating Rate Notes without a cap. Further, in case of an unfavorable 
development of the Floating Rate, as a result of which the level of such Floating Rate becomes negative or zero, 
Holders of Floating Rate Notes may not receive any interest payments at all for any one or all interest periods.  
(b) 
Specific risks arise in case of Floating Rate Notes that are linked to a EURIBOR reference rate due to 
the ongoing reforms of Benchmarks.  
The value of and return on Floating Rate Notes, the Floating Rate of which is determined by reference to a 
EURIBOR reference rate (the "Reference Rate"), as set out in the applicable Final Terms, and therefore by 
reference to a "benchmark", may be adversely affected by any discontinuation or reform of such Reference Rate, 
including the replacement of the Reference Rate by the Issuer or an independent advisor appointed by the Issuer 
(the "Relevant Determining Party"). 
Certain Reference Rates, including EURIBOR, are deemed to be "benchmarks" that are the subject of ongoing 
national and international regulatory scrutiny and reform. Some of these reforms are already effective, while others 
are still to be implemented or formulated. These reforms may cause such "benchmarks" to perform differently than 
they performed in the past or to be discontinued entirely and may have other consequences that cannot be predicted. 
Any such consequences could adversely affect the value of and return on any Note that has a Floating Rate 
determined by reference to a Reference Rate.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
The Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the EU on June 29, 2016 and applies, subject 
to certain transitional provisions, from January 1, 2018 to the provision of "benchmarks", the contribution of input 
data to a "benchmark" and the use of a "benchmark" within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorized or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognized or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of “benchmarks” of 
administrators that are not authorized or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognized or 
endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to, referencing or otherwise 
dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a "benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or other terms of any 
"benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes 
could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of such "benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks" could 
increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks", trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuation or unavailability of quotes of certain 
"benchmarks". 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be supported 
going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has done in the past, and may have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on 
certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a 
benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a 
benchmark. 
To the extent the floating rate of interest on a Note is determined by reference to a Reference Rate that is 
discontinued or is no longer quoted, the Reference Rate will be determined using the alternative methods described 
in § 3 of the Conditions. Any of these alternative methods may result in interest payments that are lower than or 
that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that would have been made on those Notes if the 
relevant "benchmark" was available in its current form. Further, the same costs and risks that may lead to the 
discontinuation or unavailability of a "benchmark" may make one or more of the alternative methods impossible 
or impracticable to determine. The final alternative method set forth in the Conditions (subject to § 3 [(9)] of the 
Conditions) sets the Reference Rate for an Interest Period at the same rate as the immediately preceding Interest 
Period. In the case of a Floating Rate Note, this alternative method would effectively convert such Note into a 
fixed rate instrument. 
Notwithstanding the alternative methods for determining the applicable Reference Rate described in the 
immediately preceding paragraph, pursuant to § 3 [(9)] of the Conditions, upon occurrence of a Benchmark Event, 
the Relevant Determining Party shall determine in its reasonable discretion and inform the Issuer, if relevant, and 
the Calculation Agent of (i) the Replacement Rate, (ii) the Adjustment Spread, if any, and (iii) the Replacement 
Rate Adjustments (each as defined in the applicable Conditions) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
for the Interest Period related to that Determination Day and each Interest Period thereafter.  
If, however, a Replacement Rate, an Adjustment Spread, if any, or the Replacement Rate Adjustments cannot be 
determined (and, if the Conditions provide for a termination right of the Issuer in such case and the Issuer exercises 
its termination right, until the time of termination only), the Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate determined 
with respect to the last Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest was determined in accordance with §3(2) of

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
the Conditions. Applying the Reference Rate applicable for such earlier Interest Period could result in Notes linked 
to or referencing the relevant "benchmark" performing differently (which may include payment of a lower rate of 
interest) than they would do if the relevant "benchmark" were to continue to apply, or if a Replacement Rate could 
be determined. 
Ultimately, a failure to determine the Replacement Rate, an Adjustment Spread, if any, or the Replacement Rate 
Adjustments following a Benchmark Event will result either in the same "benchmark" being applied for the 
determination of the relevant rates of interest until maturity of the Floating Rate Notes (if the Conditions provide 
for this final fall-back in such case), effectively turning the floating rate of interest into a fixed rate of interest, or, 
if the Conditions provide for a termination right of the Issuer in such case, the Notes being terminated by the Issuer 
at its sole discretion. In the case that the same "benchmark" will be applied for the determination of the relevant 
rates of interest until maturity of the Floating Rate Notes, a Holder would no longer participate in any favourable 
movements of market interest rates, including central banks' key interest rates, that would have been reflected in 
the relevant "benchmark" rate if the "benchmark" would not have been discontinued or otherwise been unavailable, 
and payments of interest under the Floating Rate Notes would be lower than they would have been had the 
benchmark not been discontinued or otherwise been unavailable. 
Also, even if a Replacement Rate was determined and an Adjustment Spread, if any, or the Replacement Rate 
Adjustments were applied to that Replacement Rate, such an Adjustment Spread or such Replacement Rate 
Adjustments may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to Holders. The application of an 
Adjustment Spread, if any, or the Replacement Rate Adjustments to a Replacement Rate may still result in Floating 
Rate Notes originally linked to or referencing a "benchmark" to perform differently (which may include payment 
of a lower rate of interest) than they would if the "benchmark" were to continue to apply in its current form. 
In addition, the Relevant Determining Party may also establish that, consequentially, other amendments to the 
Conditions of the Floating Rate Notes are necessary to enable the operation of the Replacement Rate (which may 
include, without limitation, adjustments to the applicable business day convention, the definition of business day, 
the determination day, the day count fraction and any methodology or definition for obtaining or calculating the 
Replacement Rate). No consent of the Holders shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant 
Replacement Rate or any other related adjustments and/or amendments described above. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant rate 
could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could have a material 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes. Investors should 
note that, in the case of a replacement of a "benchmark" the Relevant Determining Party will have discretion to 
adjust the Replacement Rate in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected 
commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Holder, 
any such adjustment will be favorable to each Holder. 
Although it is uncertain whether or to what extent any of the above-mentioned changes and/or any further changes 
in the administration or method for determining a "benchmark" could have an effect on the value of any Notes 
whose interest is linked to or referencing the relevant “benchmark”, investors should be aware that they face the 
risk that any changes to the relevant "benchmark" may have a material adverse effect on the value or the liquidity 
of, and the amounts payable under Notes whose rate of interest is linked to a "benchmark".  
(c) 
Risk of early redemption of the Notes by the Issuer. 
The Notes may be redeemed early by the Issuer. Early redemption may take place upon the occurrence of an event 
of default specified in the Conditions (early redemption event). In addition, the Issuer will always have the right 
to redeem the Notes if the Issuer is required to pay additional amounts (gross-up payments) on the Notes for 
reasons of taxation as set out in the Conditions. Furthermore, the Conditions of the Floating Rate Notes may 
provide for a termination right of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and a failure to determine

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
the Replacement Rate and Adjustment Spread, if any, or the Replacement Rate Adjustments in respect of the 
relevant Determination Day, as also referred to in the risk factor "2.2.2(b) (Specific risks arise in case of Floating 
Rate Notes that are linked to a EURIBOR reference rate due to the ongoing reforms of Benchmarks.)" above. 
In addition, the relevant Final Terms will indicate whether the Issuer has the right to call the Notes prior to maturity 
(i) (optional call right) on one or several dates, (ii) at a certain amount aiming to compensate the Holders for the 
early redemption ("Make-Whole Redemption"), (iii) if the relevant early redemption date does not fall earlier 
than a specified number of months prior to the Maturity Date, or (iv) if 80 per cent. (or more) of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes has been redeemed. 
An optional call right is likely to limit the market value of the relevant Notes. Prior to or during any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
If the Issuer redeems the Notes prior to maturity or the Notes are subject to early redemption due to an early 
redemption event, a Holder of such Notes is exposed to the risk that due to such early redemption his investment 
will have a lower yield than expected. In addition, the Holders may have to reinvest the funds they receive upon 
early redemption on less favorable conditions as compared to the original investment. 
The Issuer can be expected to exercise its optional call right if the yield on comparable Notes in the capital market 
has fallen and the Issuer's cost of any new borrowing is lower than the interest rate payable under the relevant 
Notes. In such case, an investor may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable Notes with a 
lower yield. On the other hand, the Issuer can be expected not to exercise its optional call right if the yield on 
comparable Notes in the capital market has increased. It should be noted, however, that the Issuer may exercise 
any optional call right irrespective of market interest rates on the date of early redemption. Prospective investors 
should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at the time when they are deciding whether 
to invest in the Notes. 
(d) 
Risks associated with Holders' right to request repurchase of Notes upon a Change of Control Event. 
The Conditions may grant the Holders a right to require the Issuer to repurchase the Notes held by such Holder in 
case of a change of control event, i.e. if any person or persons acting in concert acquire more than 50 per cent. of 
the voting rights in the Issuer and within a certain period of time after the date of the first public announcement of 
a change of control, an existing rating of the Notes is withdrawn, an existing investment grade rating of the Notes 
is downgraded to a non-investment grade rating and not upgraded again or, if no rating exists of the Notes at such 
time, no investment grade rating is assigned to the Notes (the "Rating Trigger"), unless the Issuer despite best 
endeavours, is unable to obtain an investment grade rating or to maintain the existing non-investment grade rating, 
within the change of control period, provided that the inability is not a result of the change of control. However, 
the Holders also have no right to require a repurchase if a change of control occurs, but no Rating Trigger occurs.  
While the right to require a repurchase allows Holders to disengage from their investment in the Notes, they will 
be exposed to the risk that – if they exercise their right to require a repurchase – their investment has a lower than 
expected yield. In addition, the Holders may have to reinvest the funds they receive upon such repurchase on less 
favorable conditions as compared to the original investment. For Holders who do not exercise their right to require 
a repurchase upon the occurrence of such a repurchase event, payments made to Holders and other debtors as a 
result of such event might increase the risks relating to the Issuer, in particular, with respect to the Issuer's liquidity 
and funding. Furthermore, it should be noted that the risk with respect to the Issuer's liquidity will increase if all 
Holders exercise their right to require a repurchase upon the occurrence of a change of control event. 
(e) 
Risks in connection with Events of Default. 
§ 9 of the Conditions provides that, in case of certain events of default, any notice declaring the Notes due and 
payable shall become effective only when the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer has received such default notices from

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
Holders representing at least 25 per cent of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, unless certain 
other events of default have occurred.  
Holders should note that in respect of Notes which provide for the application of the German Act on Issues of Debt 
Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen), even if a default notice is given by a 
sufficient number of Holders, this could be rescinded by majority resolution within three months. A simple 
majority of votes would be sufficient for a resolution on the rescission of such acceleration but, in any case, more 
Holders would have to consent to a rescission than have delivered default notices. 
Holders should be aware that, as a result, they may not be able to accelerate their Notes upon the occurrence of 
certain events of default, unless the required quorum of Holders delivers default notices and such acceleration is 
not rescinded by majority resolution of the Holders. 
(f) 
Risks associated with a majority resolution of the Holders.  
If the Notes provide for resolutions of Holders, a Holder is subject to the risk of being outvoted by a majority 
resolution of the Holders. As such majority resolution properly adopted is binding on all Holders, certain rights of 
such Holder against the Issuer under the relevant Conditions may be amended or reduced or even cancelled. 
(g) 
Risk associated with the appointment of a Holders' Representative. 
If the Notes provide for the appointment of a Holders' Representative, it is possible that a Holder may be deprived 
of its individual right to pursue and enforce its rights under the relevant Conditions against the Issuer, such right 
passing to the Holders' Representative who is then exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the rights of all 
Holders.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
3. 
ISSUE PROCEDURES 
3.1 
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer will agree on the Conditions applicable to each particular Tranche of Notes. 
These Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of terms and conditions of the Notes set out in the section 
entitled "4. Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "Terms and Conditions") as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms as described below. 
3.2 
Sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions shall apply to each type of Notes, as set out below. The Final Terms shall 
provide for the Issuer to choose among the following Options: 
 
Option I – Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with fixed interest rates; and 
 
Option II – Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with floating interest rates. 
3.3 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer shall document the Conditions in any of the following ways: 
 
The Final Terms shall determine whether Option I or Option II and whether certain further options 
contained in Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes by replicating the 
relevant provisions of, and completing the relevant placeholders set out in Option I or Option II in the 
Final Terms. The replicated and completed provisions of the set of Terms and Conditions alone shall 
constitute the Conditions (the "Integrated Conditions"). The Integrated Conditions shall be attached to 
each global note representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche.  
 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine whether Option I or Option II and whether certain further 
options contained in Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes by making 
reference to the specific sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions. The Final Terms and the 
relevant set of Terms and Conditions, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions. The Final Terms 
and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions shall be attached to each global note representing the Notes 
of the relevant Tranche. 
3.4 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine whether Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes. 
Each set of Terms and Conditions constituting Option I or Option II contains certain further options (characterised 
by indicating the respective optional provision through instructions and explanatory notes set out either on the left 
of or in square brackets within the text of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in this Prospectus) as 
well as placeholders (characterised by square brackets which include the relevant items) which shall be determined 
by the Final Terms as follows: 
(a) 
Determination of Options 
The Issuer shall determine which options shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes either by 
replicating the relevant provisions in the Final Terms or by making reference in the Final Terms to the 
relevant sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions. If the Final Terms do not replicate or make 
reference to an alternative or optional provision (as set out in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions) 
such provision shall be deemed to have been deleted from the Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
(b) 
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall specify the information completing the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms 
and Conditions. In case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions, 
taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and Conditions shall be deemed 
to have been completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were 
inserted in the placeholders of such provisions. 
In that case, all instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set 
of Terms and Conditions and any footnotes and explanatory text set out in the Final Terms shall be 
deemed to have been deleted from the Terms and Conditions. 
3.5 
Binding Language 
The sets of Terms and Conditions have been prepared in the German and English language. The Conditions may 
be prepared (i) in the German language with an English language translation (in which case the German language 
version shall be binding), (ii) in the English language with a German language translation (in which case the 
English language version shall be binding), or (iii) in the English language only.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
4. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION 
Introduction 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") are set forth below in two 
options: 
 
 
Option I comprises the set of Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes with fixed 
interest rates. 
 
 
Option II comprises the set of Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes with floating 
interest rates. 
 
 
Each set of Conditions contains certain further options, which are characterised through 
instructions and explanatory notes set out either on the left of or in square brackets 
within the set of Conditions. 
 
 
In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine whether Option I or Option II (including 
further options contained in these options, respectively) shall apply with respect to an 
individual issue of Notes, either by replicating the relevant provisions of this option or 
by referring to the relevant provisions of this option. 
 
 
To the extent that upon the approval of this Prospectus the Issuer had no knowledge of 
certain items which are applicable to an individual issue of Notes, this Prospectus 
contains placeholders set out in square brackets which include the relevant items that 
will be completed by the Final Terms. 
In case the Final 
Terms applicable to 
an individual issue 
only refer to the 
further options 
contained in Option 
I or Option II the 
following applies 
 
[The provisions of these Conditions apply to the Notes as completed by the terms of the 
final terms which are attached hereto (the "Final Terms"). The blanks in the provisions 
of these Conditions which are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed to be completed 
by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in 
the blanks of such provisions; alternative or optional provisions of these Conditions as 
to which the corresponding provisions of the Final Terms are not completed or are 
deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from these Conditions; and all provisions of these 
Conditions which are inapplicable to the Notes (including instructions, explanatory 
notes and text set out in square brackets) shall be deemed to be deleted from these 
Conditions, as required to give effect to the terms of the Final Terms. Copies of the 
Final Terms may be obtained free of charge at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent 
and at the registered office of the Issuer provided that, in the case of Notes which are 
not listed on any stock exchange, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be 
available to Holders of such Notes.] 
 
 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with fixed interest rates 
 
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
 
(1) Currency, Denomination. These Notes (the "Notes") of ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE 
(the "Issuer") are being issued in [Specified Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in 
the aggregate principal amount [In case the Global Note is an NGN the following 
applies: (subject to § 1(4))] of [aggregate principal amount] (in words: [aggregate 
principal amount in words]) in a denomination of [Specified Denomination] (the 
"Specified Denomination"). 
 
 
(2) Form. The Notes are in bearer form and represented by one or more global notes 
(each a "Global Note").

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
 
 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange for Permanent Global Note. 
 
 
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable for Notes in the Specified Denomination represented by a 
permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note") without coupons. Any 
claim for interest payments under the Notes shall be represented by the relevant 
Global Note. The Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note shall 
each be signed by or on behalf of the Issuer and shall each be authenticated by or 
on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and coupons will not be issued. 
 
 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global Note in 
the form and subject to the conditions provided in subparagraph (a) above on a 
date not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date (as defined in § 3(1)) of the 
Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall only be made to the extent that 
certifications as required by U.S. tax law have been delivered to the effect that the 
beneficial owner or owners of the Notes represented by the Temporary Global 
Note is (are) not (a) U.S. person(s) (other than certain financial institutions or 
certain persons holding Notes through such financial institutions). Payment of 
interest on Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note will be made only after 
delivery of such certifications. A separate certification shall be required in respect 
of each such payment of interest. Any such certification received on or after the 
40th day after the Issue Date of the Temporary Global Note will be treated as a 
request to exchange such Temporary Global Note pursuant to this subparagraph 
(b) of § 1(3). Any securities delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global Note 
shall be delivered only outside of the United States. For the purposes of these 
Conditions, "United States" means the United States of America (including the 
States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto 
Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern 
Mariana Islands). 
 
 
(4) Clearing System. The Global Note representing the Notes will be kept in custody by 
or on behalf of the Clearing System. "Clearing System" means [In case of more than 
one Clearing System the following applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Federal Republic of Germany 
("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking, S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi 
Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium ("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear each an "ICSD" 
and together the "ICSDs")] and any successor in such capacity. 
In case of Notes kept 
in custody on behalf 
of the ICSDs and the 
global note is an 
NGN the following 
applies 
 
[The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records 
of the ICSDs (which expression means the records that each ICSD holds for its 
customers which reflect the amount of such customer's interest in the Notes) shall be 
conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the 
Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating the amount 
of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant ICSD at that time. 
On any redemption being made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, any of 
the Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer shall procure that details of any 
redemption or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global 
Note shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry 
being made, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the 
ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be reduced by the total principal 
amount of the Notes so redeemed or purchased and cancelled.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
[In case the Temporary Global Note is an NGN the following applies: On an 
exchange of a part of the Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note, the Issuer 
shall procure that details of such exchange shall be entered pro rata in the records of 
the ICSDs.]] 
In case of Notes kept 
in custody on behalf 
of the ICSDs and the 
global note is a CGN 
the following applies 
 
[The Notes are issued in classical global note ("CGN") form and are kept in custody by 
a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
 
(5) Holder. "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Notes which may be transferred to a new Holder in 
accordance with the provisions of the Clearing System. 
 
 
(6) Business Day. In these Conditions, "Business Day" means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which [commercial banks and foreign exchange markets in 
[insert all relevant financial centres] settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits)] [[and] 
the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 
("TARGET") is open]. 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
 
 
(1) Status of the Notes. The Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations which 
may be preferred by applicable law. 
 
 
(2) Negative Pledge of the Issuer. The Issuer undertakes, as long as any Notes are 
outstanding, but only up to the time all amounts of principal and interest payable under 
the Notes have been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal Agent, not to provide or maintain 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other form of in rem security interest (each a 
"Security Interest") over the whole or any part of its assets to secure any Capital 
Markets Indebtedness (as defined below), and the Issuer undertakes to procure (unless 
this is legally impossible or illegal) that none of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined 
below) will provide Security Interests over their assets to secure Capital Markets 
Indebtedness, in each case, without at the same time letting the Holders share pari passu 
in such Security Interest or giving to the Holders an equivalent Security Interest.  
This undertaking shall not apply to a Security Interest which 
(i) 
has to be granted pursuant to provisions of statutory law; or 
(ii)  has to be granted in order to obtain administrative or governmental 
authorisations or permits; or 
(iii) exists on the Issue Date of these Notes; or 
(iv) is granted by any Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Issuer for any claims 
of such Subsidiary vis-à-vis the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer or any 
third party, whereas such claims exist now or arise at any time in the future as 
a result of the transfer of proceeds derived from the sale of any Capital Market 
Indebtedness by that Subsidiary, provided that any such security serves to 
secure obligations under such Capital Market Indebtedness of that Subsidiary; 
or 
(v) exists on property at the time of the acquisition thereof, provided that such 
Security Interest was not created in connection with or in contemplation of

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
such acquisition and that the amount secured by such Security Interest is not 
increased subsequently to the acquisition of the relevant property; or  
(vi) exists on any property of any entity which becomes a member of the Group 
where such Security Interests was created prior to the date on which such 
entity becomes a member of the Group, provided that such Security Interest 
was not created in contemplation of the acquisition of such entity and that the 
amount secured by such Security Interest has not been increased in 
contemplation of, or since the date of, the acquisition of such entity; or 
(vii) constitutes the renewal, extension or replacement of any security pursuant to 
the foregoing (i) through (vi); or 
(viii) is granted in connection with asset backed securities transactions or any other 
similar instrument that involves the financing of specific identified pool of 
assets for which the holders of the Capital Market Indebtedness only have 
recourse to the identified pool of assets as well as to the specific cash-flows 
generated by these assets, by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries in an 
aggregate amount not exceeding EUR 100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency); or 
(ix) does not fall within the scope of application of (i) through (viii) above and 
which secures Capital Market Indebtedness with a principal amount (when 
aggregated with the principal amount of other Capital Market Indebtedness 
which has the benefit of security (issued by the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary) other than any falling within the scope of application of (i) 
through (viii) above) not exceeding EUR 200,000,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency). 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means any present or future indebtedness (whether 
being principal, premium, interest or other amounts) in respect of borrowed money 
which is in the form of, or represented by, notes, bonds or similar securities which are 
or are capable of being quoted, listed or traded on any stock exchange or other recognised 
and regulated securities market. 
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time. 
"Subsidiary" means in relation to any person, any corporation, entity or partnership 
which is controlled directly or indirectly by that person. "Control" for this purpose 
means the direct or indirect ownership of the majority of the voting share capital of such 
entity, the right or ability to determine the composition of a majority of the board of 
directors (or like body) of such entity or the right or ability to direct the management and 
affairs of such entity, in each case whether by virtue of ownership of share capital, 
contract or otherwise. 
"Material Subsidiary" means any (direct or indirect) Subsidiary of the Issuer whose 
earnings before financial result, income taxes, depreciation, impairment and 
amortisation and exceptional items (calculated on the same basis as EBITDA) after 
consolidation measures or whose total assets after consolidation measures exceed 7.5 per 
cent. of the consolidated EBITDA or the consolidated total assets of the Issuer, as 
determined 
in 
the 
most 
recent 
audited 
consolidated 
financial 
statements 
(Konzernabschluss) of the Issuer and with respect to such Material Subsidiary based on 
the data available for the respective financial year which were used for consolidation. If 
no such data are available with respect to any newly acquired subsidiary, the most recent 
annual financial statements (audited, as applicable) of such newly acquired subsidiary 
shall be used as a basis. 
"EBITDA" means earnings before financial result, income taxes, depreciation, 
impairment and amortisation and exceptional items. 
 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
 
 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. The Notes shall bear interest on their 
outstanding aggregate principal amount at the rate of [insert rate of interest] per cent. 
per annum (the "Rate of Interest") from, and including, [insert Interest 
Commencement Date] (the "Issue Date" or the "Interest Commencement Date") to, 
but excluding, the Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1)). Interest shall be payable [In 
case there is more than one Interest Payment Date the following applies: [semi-
annually] [annually]] in arrear on [insert Interest Payment Date(s)] [In case there are 
Interest Payment Dates in more than one year the following applies: in each year] 
([In case there is more than one Interest Payment Date the following applies: each 
such date, an] [In case there is only one Interest Payment Date the following applies: 
the] "Interest Payment Date"). [In case there is more than one Interest Payment 
Date the following applies: The first payment of interest shall be made on [insert first 
Interest Payment Date] and the last payment of interest shall be made on [insert last 
Interest Payment Date].] On [In case there is more than one Interest Payment Date 
the following applies: each] [In case there is only one Interest Payment Date the 
following applies: the] Interest Payment Date [In case of a short or long first Interest 
Period the following applies: other than the Interest Payment Date falling on [insert 
first Interest Payment Date] (the "First Interest Payment Date")] [In case of a short 
or long last Interest Period the following applies: [and] other than the Interest 
Payment Date falling on [insert last Interest Payment Date] (the "Last Interest 
Payment Date")] interest in the amount of [insert amount of interest per Note in the 
Specified Denomination] will be paid per Note in the Specified Denomination. [In 
case of a short or long first Interest Period the following applies: On the First 
Interest Payment Date an initial broken amount of interest in the amount of [insert 
initial broken amount of interest per Note in the Specified Denomination] will be 
paid per Note in the Specified Denomination.] [In case of a short or long last Interest 
Period the following applies: On the Last Interest Payment Date a final broken amount 
of interest in the amount of [insert final broken amount of interest per Note in the 
Specified Denomination] will be paid per Note in the Specified Denomination.] 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions set 
out in § 4 (4). 
 
 
(2) Default Interest. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, interest shall 
accrue on the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes from, and including, 
the due date for redemption to, but excluding, the date of actual redemption of the Notes 
at the default rate of interest established by law1. 
 
 
(3) Calculation of Amount of Interest. If the amount of interest payable under the Notes 
is required to be calculated for any period of time (other than in respect of the amount[s] 
of interest set out in paragraph (1) of this § 3), such amount of interest shall be calculated 
by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum 
by the applicable Day Count Fraction (as defined below) and rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency, half of such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with the applicable market convention. 
 
 
(4) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of 
an amount of interest on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period") 
In case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA), the 
following applies 
 
[1. if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which the Calculation Period ends, the number of days in such Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Dates (as specified below) that would occur in one 
calendar year; or 
                                                     
1 The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank 
from time to time, §§ 288 (1), 247 (1) German Civil Code.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
 
2. if the Calculation Period is longer than the Determination Period during which the 
Calculation Period ends, the sum of 
 
(1) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Calculation Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified 
below) that would occur in one calendar year; and 
 
(2) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified below) that would occur in one 
calendar year. 
 
"Determination Period" means the period from, and including, a Determination Date 
to, but excluding, the next Determination Date (including, where the Interest 
Commencement Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to the Interest Commencement Date, and where the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the first Determination Date falling 
after the final Interest Payment Date, as the case may be). 
 
The number of determination dates per calendar year (each a "Determination Date") 
is [insert number of regular interest payment dates per calendar year] (each [insert 
date]).] 
In case of Actual/365 
(Fixed) the following 
applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
In case of Actual/360 
the following applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
In case of 30/360, 
360/360 or Bond 
Basis the following 
applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (A) the 
last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case 
the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day 
month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of 
February in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened 
to a 30-day month).] 
In case of 30E/360 
or Eurobond Basis 
the following applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without regard 
to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the 
final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in 
which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day 
month).] 
 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
 
(1)(a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal on the Notes shall be made, subject 
to paragraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts 
of the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System upon presentation and (except in

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
the case of partial payment) surrender of the Global Note representing the Notes at the 
time of payment at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent outside the United States. 
 
 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on the Notes shall be made, subject to 
paragraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of 
the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System. 
 
 
Payment of interest on the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note shall be 
made, subject to paragraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit 
to the accounts of the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System, upon due 
certification as provided for in § 1 (3) (b). 
 
 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, 
payments of amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made in the Specified 
Currency. 
 
 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
Clearing System. 
 
 
(4) Payment Business Day. If the due date for any payment in respect of the Notes would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Payment Business Day (as defined below) the due 
date for such payment shall be postponed to the next day which is a Payment Business 
Day (Following Business Day Convention). 
 
 
"Payment Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (i) on which 
the Clearing System is open, and (ii) [which is a Business Day (as defined in § 1 (6))] 
[on which [commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in [insert all relevant financial centres]] [[and] [in case TARGET has 
already been defined the following applies: TARGET] [in case TARGET has not 
already been defined the following applies: the Trans-European Automated Real-
time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") is open]]]. 
 
 
If the due date for a payment of interest is postponed (as described above), the amount 
of interest shall not be adjusted accordingly. 
If the due date for the redemption of the principal amount of the Notes is adjusted the 
Holder shall not be entitled to additional payments in respect of such adjustment. 
 
 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. References in these Conditions to principal in 
respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final Redemption 
Amount of the Notes (as specified in § 5 (1)); the Early Redemption Amount of the 
Notes (as specified below); [In case the Notes are redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer at the Call Redemption Amount the following applies: the Call Redemption 
Amount of the Notes (as specified below);] [In case the Notes are redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer at the Call Redemption Amount (Make Whole) the following 
applies: the Call Redemption Amount (Make Whole) of the Notes (as specified 
below);] [In case the Notes are redeemable at the option of the Holder the following 
applies: the Put Redemption Amount of the Notes (as specified below);] and any 
premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Notes. References in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7) 
which may be payable under § 7. 
 
 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit with the Local Court 
(Amtsgericht) in Munich principal or interest not claimed by Holders within twelve 
months after the relevant due date, even though such Holders may not be in default of 
acceptance of payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is effected and the right of

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of such Holders against the Issuer shall 
cease. 
 
 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or 
purchased and cancelled, and subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions 
set out in § 4 (4), the Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on 
[Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date"). The "Final Redemption Amount" in respect 
of each Note shall be [In case the Notes are redeemed at their principal amount the 
following applies: its principal amount] [otherwise insert Specified Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of the Specified Denomination, which shall not be 
less than the principal amount of the Note]. 
 
 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation.  
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b), redeem 
the Notes in whole, but not in part, at any time, at their Early Redemption Amount 
together with interest, if any, accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption 
(the "Tax Call Redemption Date"), if on the occasion of the next payment due 
under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay Additional Amounts 
pursuant to § 7 [If Alternative 1 is applicable, insert: (and this obligation cannot 
be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer)] as a result 
of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Relevant Tax 
Jurisdiction (as defined in § 7) or of any political subdivision or taxing authority 
thereof or therein, affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, or 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or 
application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or change is effective 
on or after the date on which the first tranche of this Series of Notes is issued, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given (i) earlier than 90 days 
prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due, or (ii) if at 
the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts is 
no longer in effect. 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and in 
accordance with § [13], to the Holders on giving not less than 30 days' nor more 
than 60 days' prior notice of redemption. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption;  
 
 
(ii) the Tax Call Redemption Date; and 
(iii) in summary form, the facts constituting the basis of the right of the Issuer to 
so redeem. 
In case the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer 
(Call) the following 
applies 
 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call). 
 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b), redeem 
the Notes in whole or in part on the Call Redemption Date[s] at the Call 
Redemption Amount[s] set forth below together with interest, if any, accrued to 
(but excluding) the [relevant] Call Redemption Date. 
 
 
Call Redemption Date[s] 
[insert Call Redemption Dates(s)] 
Call Redemption Amount[s] 
[insert Call Redemption Amount(s)]

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
 
 
 
[In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the 
following applies: The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note 
which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require 
the redemption of such Note under paragraph ([]) of this § 5.] 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and in 
accordance with § [13], to the Holders on giving not less than [15] [insert other 
minimum notice period (which shall be not less than 5 days)] days' nor more 
than 60 days' prior notice of redemption. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
 
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
 
 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date; and 
 
 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be selected 
in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. [In 
case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such partial redemption shall 
be reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in aggregate principal amount, at the discretion of CBL and Euroclear.]] 
 
 
 
In case the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption (Make 
Whole) at the 
Option of the Issuer 
the following applies 
 
[([4]) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Make Whole). 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b), redeem 
the Notes in whole or in part on the Call Redemption Date (Make Whole) at the 
Call Redemption Amount (Make Whole) together with accrued interest, if any, to 
(but excluding) the Call Redemption Date (Make Whole). 
 
 
The "Call Redemption Amount (Make Whole)" of a Note shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Call Redemption Calculation Date (Make Whole) and shall 
be the higher of: 
 
 
(i) 
the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed; and 
 
 
(ii) the Present Value. 
 
 
The "Present Value" shall be the sum, rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency, half of such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with the applicable market convention, of: 
 
 
(i) the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed which would otherwise 
become due on the Maturity Date discounted from the Maturity Date to the 
Call Redemption Date (Make Whole) on the basis of the Benchmark Yield 
plus a premium of [] per cent; and 
 
 
(ii) all remaining scheduled outstanding interest payments in respect of such Note 
falling after the Call Redemption Date (Make Whole) to (and including) the 
Maturity Date (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the Call Redemption Date (Make Whole)), each discounted from

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
its scheduled Interest Payment Date to the Call Redemption Date (Make 
Whole) on the basis of the Benchmark Yield plus a premium of [] per cent. 
 
 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the Present Value by applying the Day Count 
Fraction set out in § 3 (4). 
 
 
The "Benchmark Yield" means the yield of the Pricing Benchmark which appears 
on the Screen Page on the Call Redemption Calculation Date (Make Whole) at or 
about [insert relevant time] ([insert relevant financial centre] time). If such 
yield is not displayed and/or the Screen Page is not available and/or the Pricing 
Benchmark is no longer outstanding at such time, the Benchmark Yield shall be 
the yield of a substitute benchmark debt security of [insert relevant issuer] 
selected by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion, which has a maturity 
that is as close as possible to the remaining term of the Notes to the Maturity Date 
and would be used at the time of its selection by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with customary financial practice for pricing new issues of corporate 
debt securities of comparable maturity to the Maturity Date. 
 
 
"Pricing Benchmark" means the [insert relevant currency] denominated 
benchmark debt security of [insert relevant issuer] used for pricing the Notes, 
being the [insert description of the relevant pricing benchmark] (ISIN [insert 
relevant benchmark]). 
 
 
"Screen Page" means [Bloomberg] [insert other relevant service provider] page 
[[ISIN] Govt HP] [insert other relevant screen page] [([if applicable, insert 
setting: using the setting "[Last Yield to Convention] [insert other relevant 
setting]"] [if applicable, insert pricing source: [and] using the pricing source 
"[FRNK] [insert other relevant pricing source]"])] or such other display page as 
may replace such Screen Page on the service provided by [insert relevant service 
provider], or the display page (if any) of such other service as may be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion as the replacement 
information vendor for the purpose of displaying the relevant yield. 
 
 
"Call Redemption Calculation Date (Make Whole)" means the [fifteenth][] 
day prior to the date on which the Notice of Early Redemption is deemed to have 
become effective pursuant to § [13], or, in case the [fifteenth][] day is not a 
Payment Business Day, the Payment Business Day immediately prior to the 
fifteenth day. 
 
 
"Call Redemption Date (Make Whole)" means the date fixed for redemption in 
the Notice of Early Redemption. 
 
 
[In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder 
the following applies: The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option 
to require the redemption of such Note under paragraph ([]) of this § 5.] 
 
 
(b) Notice of early redemption (the "Notice of Early Redemption") shall be given by 
the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with § [13], to the Holders on 
giving not less than 30 days' nor more than 60 days' prior notice of redemption. [In 
case the Issuer may redeem the Notes early ([Two] [Three] [] Months Par 
Call) the following applies:, provided that the Call Redemption Date (Make 
Whole) shall not fall within the Call Redemption Period ([In case the Notes are 
subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par 
Call) the following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the following 
applies: Three] [In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
Option of the Issuer ([] Months Par Call) the following applies: []] Months 
Par Call)]. Such notice shall be irrevocable and specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
 
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
 
 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date (Make Whole); and 
 
 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount (Make Whole) at which such Notes are to be 
redeemed. 
 
 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be selected 
in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. [In 
case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such partial redemption shall 
be reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in aggregate principal amount, at the discretion of CBL and Euroclear.]] 
 
 
 
In case Early 
Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer 
([Two] [Three] [] 
Months Par Call) is 
applicable the 
following applies 
 
[([5]) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer ([In case the Notes are subject to 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) the 
following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the following applies: Three] 
[In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
([] Months Par Call) the following applies: []] Months Par Call). 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b), redeem 
the Notes in whole, but not in part, within the Call Redemption Period ([In case 
the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two 
Months Par Call) the following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are subject 
to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the 
following applies: Three] [In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption 
at the Option of the Issuer ([] Months Par Call) the following applies: []] 
Months Par Call) on the Call Redemption Date ([In case the Notes are subject 
to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) the 
following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption 
at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the following applies: 
Three] [In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of 
the Issuer ([] Months Par Call) the following applies: []] Months Par Call) 
at the Final Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, if any, to (but 
excluding) the Call Redemption Date ([In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) the following 
applies: Two] [In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the following applies: Three] 
[In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
([] Months Par Call) the following applies: []] Months Par Call). 
 
 
"Call Redemption Period ([In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption 
at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) the following applies: Two] 
[In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
(Three Months Par Call) the following applies: Three] [In case the Notes are 
subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer ([] Months Par Call) 
the following applies: []] Months Par Call)" means the period from (and 
including) the day falling [In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption 
at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) the following applies: two] 
[[In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
(Three Months Par Call) the following applies: three] [In case the Notes are 
subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer ([] Months Par Call)

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
the following applies: []] months before the Maturity Date to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date. 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with § [13], to the Holders on giving not less than 30 days' nor more 
than 60 days' prior notice of redemption. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
specify: 
 
 
(i) the Series of Notes subject to redemption; and 
(ii) the date within the Call Redemption Period ([In case the Notes are subject 
to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) 
the following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the 
following applies: Three] [In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer ([] Months Par Call) the 
following applies: []] Months Par Call) on which the redemption will occur 
(the "Call Redemption Date ([In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) the 
following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the 
following applies: Three] [In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer ([] Months Par Call) the 
following applies: []] Months Par Call)").] 
 
 
[In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder 
the following applies: The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option 
to require the redemption of such Note under paragraph ([]) of this § 5.] 
 
 
 
In case Early 
Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer 
(Minimal 
Outstanding 
Aggregate Principal 
Amount of the 
Notes) is applicable 
the following applies 
 
[([6]) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Minimal Outstanding Aggregate 
Principal Amount of the Notes). 
(a) In case 80 per cent. or more of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes have 
been redeemed or repurchased by the Issuer, the Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with subparagraph (b), redeem the remaining Notes in whole, but not 
in part, on the Call Redemption Date (Minimal Outstanding Aggregate Principal 
Amount of the Notes) at the Final Redemption Amount together with accrued 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Call Redemption Date (Minimal Outstanding 
Aggregate Principal Amount of the Notes). 
 
 
[In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder 
the following applies: The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option 
to require the redemption of such Note under paragraph ([]) of this § 5.] 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with § [13], to the Holders on giving not less than 30 days' nor more 
than 60 days' prior notice of redemption. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; and 
(ii) the date on which the redemption will occur (the "Call Redemption Date 
(Minimal Outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount of the Notes)").]

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
In case the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption at the 
Option of the Holder 
the following applies 
 
[([7]) Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder (Put). 
a) 
The Issuer shall, upon the exercise of the relevant option by the Holder of any Note 
in accordance with subparagraph (b), redeem such Note on the Put Redemption 
Date[s] at the Put Redemption Amount[s] set forth below in whole but not in part 
together with interest, if any, accrued to, but excluding, the Put Redemption Date. 
 
 
Put Redemption Date[s] 
[insert Put Redemption Dates(s)] 
 
Put Redemption Amount[s] 
[insert Put Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
 
[In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
the following applies: The Holder may not exercise such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Issuer of any of its options 
to redeem such Note under this § 5.] 
 
 
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than [30] [insert other 
Minimum Notice Period (which shall be not less than 15 days)] nor more than 
[60] [insert other Maximum Notice Period] days before the Put Redemption 
Date on which such redemption is required to be made as specified in the Put 
Notice (as defined below), submit during normal business hours at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent a duly completed early redemption notice in written 
form ("Put Notice"). In the event that the Put Notice is received after 5:00 p.m. 
Frankfurt time on the [insert Minimum Notice Period] Payment Business Day 
before the [relevant] Put Redemption Date, the option shall not have been validly 
exercised. The Put Notice must specify (i) the total principal amount of the Notes 
in respect of which such option is exercised, [and] (ii) the securities identification 
numbers of such Notes, if any [in the case the Global Note is kept in custody by 
CBF, the following applies: and (iii) contact details of the Holder as well as its 
bank account]. The Put Notice may be in the German or English language and may 
be prepared in the form available from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, 
which may include further information. No option so exercised may be revoked or 
withdrawn. To exercise the right to require redemption of these Notes the Holder 
must deliver the Notes to the Issuer or to its order.] 
 
 
 
In case the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption as a 
result of a Change of 
Control the 
following applies 
 
[([8]) Early Redemption for Reasons of a Change of Control. 
(a) In the event that a Change of Control occurs after the Issue Date and within the 
Change of Control Period a Rating Downgrade occurs due to the Change of 
Control (an "Early Redemption Event"): 
 
 
(i) 
any Holder may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b), 
demand from the Issuer redemption as of the Effective Date of all and not 
some only of its Notes which are or were not otherwise declared due for early 
redemption, at their Final Redemption Amount together with accrued 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Effective Date (unless, prior to the 
Holder submitting its Early Redemption Notice in accordance with 
subparagraph (b), the Issuer gives notice in accordance with § 5 []); and 
 
 
(ii) the Issuer will, immediately after becoming aware of the Early Redemption 
Event, publish by way of a notice (the "Early Redemption Event Notice") 
this fact and the effective date for the purposes of the Early Redemption 
Notice (the "Effective Date"). The Effective Date must be a Business Day 
not less than 60 and not more than 90 days after publication of the Early 
Redemption Event Notice.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
 
 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred at each time after the 
Issue Date that the direct or indirect shareholding in the voting share capital of the 
Issuer of any person or persons ("Relevant Person(s)") acting in concert within 
the meaning of section 34 para. 2 of the German Securities Trading Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz) exceeds the threshold of 50 per cent. of the voting 
rights (provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, persons voting in the same or in 
a consistent manner at any general meeting of the Issuer will not be considered to 
be acting in concert solely as a consequence of exercising their votes in such a 
manner). A Change of Control shall, however, be deemed not to have occurred if 
the Relevant Person at the point in time of the event, which would otherwise 
constitute a Change of Control, is dependent within the meaning of section 17 of 
the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) on a person or persons whose 
direct or indirect shareholdings in the voting share capital of the Issuer 
immediately prior to that event exceeded 50 per cent. of the voting rights. 
 
 
The "Change of Control Period" shall commence on the date of the first public 
announcement of the Change of Control that has occurred, and shall end on the 
120th day (inclusive) after the occurrence of the Change of Control. 
 
 
A “Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred 
(i) 
if within the Change of Control Period the rating previously assigned to the 
Notes by any Rating Agency (if only one rating exists) or the ratings assigned 
by at least two Rating Agencies (if two or more ratings exist) is (x) withdrawn 
or (y) changed from an investment grade rating (BBB- by S&P or by Fitch 
or Baa3 by Moody's, or its equivalent for the time being, or better, an 
"Investment Grade Rating") to a non-investment grade rating (BB+ by 
S&P or Fitch or Ba1 by Moody's, or its equivalent for the time being, or 
worse, a "Non-Investment Grade Rating") and not up-graded again to an 
Investment Grade Rating within the Change of Control Period or (z) down-
graded from a Non-Investment Grade Rating assigned to the Notes by one or 
more notches (for clarification, Ba1 to Ba2 or BB+ to BB being one notch); 
or 
(ii) if at the time of the Change of Control, there is no rating assigned to the Notes 
and no Rating Agency (as defined below) assigns during the Change of 
Control Period an Investment Grade Rating to the Notes, 
unless the Issuer despite best endeavours, is unable to obtain an Investment Grade 
Rating or to maintain the existing Non-Investment Grade Rating, within the 
Change of Control Period, provided that the inability is not a result of the Change 
of Control; 
 
 
"Rating Agencies" means each of the rating agencies of Standard & Poor's 
Ratings Services, a part of McGraw Hill Financial Inc. ("S&P"), Moody's 
Investors Services Inc. ("Moody's”) or Fitch Ratings Ltd. ("Fitch") or any of their 
respective successors or any other rating agency designated by the Issuer or any 
of its successors. 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than 30 days before the 
Effective Date, submit during normal business hours at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent a duly completed redemption notice in written form (the "Early 
Redemption Notice"). In the event that the Early Redemption Notice is received 
after 5:00 p.m. Frankfurt time on the 30th Business Day before the Effective Date, 
the option shall not have been validly exercised. The Early Redemption Notice 
must specify (i) the total principal amount of the Notes in respect of which such 
option is exercised, [and] (ii) the securities identification numbers of such Notes, 
if any [in the case the Global Note is kept in custody by CBF, the following 
applies: and (iii) contact details of the Holder as well as its bank account]. The

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
Early Redemption Notice may be in the German or English language and may be 
prepared in the form available from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, which 
may include further information. No option so exercised may be revoked or 
withdrawn. To exercise the right to require redemption of these Notes the Holder 
must deliver the Notes to the Issuer or to its order.] 
 
 
 
 
 
[([9]) Early Redemption Amount. For purposes of these Conditions, the "Early 
Redemption Amount" of a Note shall be [its Final Redemption Amount] [insert other 
early redemption amount, which shall not be less than the principal amount of the 
Note]. 
 
 
§ 6 
THE FISCAL AGENT [[AND] [,] THE PAYING AGENT[S]] [In case the Notes 
are redeemable at the option of the Issuer at the Call Redemption Amount (Make 
Whole) the following applies: AND THE CALCULATION AGENT] 
 
 
(1) Appointment; Specified Office[s]. The initial Fiscal Agent [and the initial Paying 
Agent[s]] [In case the Notes are redeemable at the option of the Issuer at the Call 
Redemption Amount (Make Whole) the following applies: and the initial 
Calculation Agent] and [its] [their] initial specified office[s] shall be: 
 
 
Fiscal Agent: 
 
[] 
 
 
The Fiscal Agent shall also fulfill the functions of a paying agent. 
 
 
[Paying Agent[s]: []] 
 
 
[In case the Notes are redeemable at the option of the Issuer at the Call 
Redemption Amount (Make Whole) the following applies: 
Calculation Agent: 
[][name and specified office]] 
 
 
The Fiscal Agent, [[,] and] the Paying Agent[s]] [In case the Notes are redeemable at 
the option of the Issuer at the Call Redemption Amount (Make Whole) the 
following applies: and the Calculation Agent] reserve[s] the right at any time to change 
[its] [their] specified office[s] to some other specified office[s] in the same city. 
 
 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent [[,] [and] the Paying Agent[s]] 
[In case the Notes are redeemable at the option of the Issuer at the Call 
Redemption Amount (Make Whole) the following applies: and the Calculation 
Agent] and to appoint another fiscal agent [or another [or additional] paying agent[s]] 
[In case the Notes are redeemable at the option of the Issuer at the Call 
Redemption Amount (Make Whole) the following applies: or another calculation 
agent]. The Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a fiscal agent [In case of Notes listed 
on a stock exchange the following applies: [,] [and] (ii) so long as the Notes are listed 
on the [insert name of relevant stock exchange], a paying agent (which may be the 
Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in [insert location of relevant stock exchange or 
country in which the relevant stock exchange is located] and/or in such other places 
as may be required by any applicable rules] [In case the Notes are redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer at the Call Redemption Amount (Make Whole) the following 
applies: and ([iii])] a calculation agent [In case the calculation agent is required to 
maintain a specified office in a required location the following applies: with a 
specified office located in [insert required location]]. The Issuer will give notice to 
the Holders of any variation, termination, appointment or any other change as soon as 
possible upon the effectiveness of such variation, termination, appointment and such 
other change.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
 
 
(3) Agent[s] of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent [[,] [and] the Paying Agent[s]] [In case the 
Notes are redeemable at the option of the Issuer at the Call Redemption Amount 
(Make Whole) the following applies: and the Calculation Agent] act[s] solely as 
agent[s] of the Issuer and [does] [do] not assume any obligations towards or relationship 
of agency or trust with any Holder. 
 
 
(4) 
Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or 
obtained for the purposes of the provisions of these Conditions by the Fiscal Agent shall 
(in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, 
the paying agent[s] [In case the Notes are redeemable at the option of the Issuer at 
the Call Redemption Amount (Make Whole) the following applies:, the Calculation 
Agent] and the Holders and, in the absence of the aforesaid, no liability to the Issuer or 
the Holders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
 
 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
 
 
(1) Payments without any Deduction or Withholding of Taxes. All amounts payable in 
respect of the Notes shall be made by the Issuer without withholding or deduction for 
or on account of any present or future taxes, duties or governmental charges of any 
nature whatsoever imposed, levied or collected by or in or on behalf of any jurisdiction 
from or through which payment on the Notes is made or in which the Issuer is organised 
or otherwise considered to be resident or conducts business for tax purposes (each, a 
"Relevant Tax Jurisdiction") or by or on behalf of any political subdivision or 
authority of a Relevant Tax Jurisdiction or therein having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. 
 
 
If such withholding or deduction is required by law, the Issuer shall pay such additional 
amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Holders after 
such withholding or deduction each shall equal the respective amounts which would 
otherwise have been receivable in the absence of such withholding or deduction (the 
"Additional Amounts"). Such Additional Amounts shall, however, not be payable on 
account of taxes, duties or governmental charges which 
 
 
(a) are to be withheld or deducted by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting 
agent of the Holder, or otherwise payable in any manner other than by a 
withholding or deduction by the Issuer, as the case may be, from payments made 
by it; or 
 
 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal or 
business connection with a Relevant Tax Jurisdiction and not merely by reason of 
the fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of taxation are 
deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured in, a Relevant Tax 
Jurisdiction; or 
 
 
(c) are withheld or deducted pursuant to (i) any European Union directive or 
regulation concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international 
treaty or understanding relating to such taxation and to which the Relevant Tax 
Jurisdiction or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any provision of law 
implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such directive, 
regulation, treaty or understanding; or 
 
 
(d) a Holder or a third party on its behalf could lawfully avoid (but has not so avoided) 
by complying or procuring that any third party acting on its behalf complies with 
any statutory requirements (in particular, the applicable information and reporting 
requirements concerning the nationality, residence or identity of the Holder) or by

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
making or procuring that any such third party makes a declaration of residence in 
the respective country of tax residence or other claim for exemption to any tax 
authority or by arranging for payment to be made by another paying agent; or 
 
 
(e) are payable by reason of a change in law or practice that becomes effective more 
than 30 days after the relevant payment becomes due, or is duly provided for and 
notice thereof is published in accordance with § [13], whichever occurs later; or 
 
 
(f) 
are payable by reason of the Holder residing in a non-cooperative state or territory 
as defined in the German Defense Against Tax Haven Act (Gesetz zur Abwehr von 
Steuervermeidung und unfairem Steuerwettbewerb) of June 25, 2021, as amended 
from time to time (including any ordinance enacted based on this law), or 
 
 
(g) are withheld or deducted by a paying agent from a payment if the payment could 
have been made by another paying agent without such withholding or deduction. 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt: The (withholding) tax on capital investment income 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) currently levied in the Federal Republic of Germany pursuant to 
§§ 43 et seq. of the German Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz - EStG), the 
solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) thereon and, if applicable, church tax 
(Kirchensteuer), shall not constitute a tax or duty for which Additional Amounts would 
have to paid. 
 
 
(2) FATCA. The Issuer is authorised to withhold or deduct from amounts payable under 
the Notes to a Holder or beneficial owner of the Notes sufficient funds for the payment 
of any amount that it is required to withhold or deduct pursuant to (a) sections 1471 to 
1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and any associated regulations or other 
official guidance (the "U.S. Provisions"); (b) any treaty, law, regulation or other official 
guidance enacted in any other country which facilitates the implementation of the U.S. 
Provisions (the "Foreign Provisions"); (c) any intergovernmental agreement between 
the United States and any other country which facilitates the implementation of the U.S. 
Provisions (an "Intergovernmental Agreement"); or (d) any agreement regarding the 
implementation of the U.S. Provisions, the Foreign Provisions and any 
Intergovernmental Agreement entered into by the Issuer, a paying agent or an 
intermediary with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, the U.S. government or any 
governmental or tax authority in any other country (together with the U.S. Provisions, 
Foreign Provisions and any Intergovernmental Agreement, "FATCA"). The Issuer will 
not be required to make any payment of additional amounts or indemnify any Holder 
for or on account of any amount withheld or deducted by the Issuer or an intermediary 
in compliance with FATCA. 
 
 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
 
 
The presentation period provided in § 801 (1), sentence 1 BGB (German Civil Code) is 
reduced to ten years for the Notes.  
 
 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
 
(1) Events of Default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare its Notes due and demand 
immediate redemption thereof at the Final Redemption Amount, together with accrued 
interest (if any) to, but excluding, the date of redemption, in the event that 
 
 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest under the Notes within 10 days from the 
relevant due date, or

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
 
 
(b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation arising from the Notes which 
failure continues for more than 45 days after the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent has 
received notice thereof from a Holder, or 
 
 
(c) 
(i) any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its respective Material 
Subsidiaries (other than any Financial Indebtedness owed to any Subsidiary of the 
Issuer) is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any originally 
applicable grace period, or (ii) any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of 
its respective Material Subsidiaries (other than any Financial Indebtedness owed 
to any Subsidiary of the Issuer) is declared to be due and payable prior to its 
specified maturity for reason of the occurrence of an event of default (howsoever 
defined), provided that in each case that the relevant aggregate amount of all such 
Financial Indebtedness in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned 
above in this subparagraph (c) has or have occurred equals or exceeds EUR 
50,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency and such default continues for 
more than 30 days after the Issuer has received notice thereof from a Holder 
through the Fiscal Agent. This subparagraph (c) shall not apply, where the Issuer 
or any of its respective Material Subsidiaries contests its relevant payment 
obligation in good faith; or 
 
 
(d) the Issuer suspends making payments on its debt generally or announces its 
inability to pay its debts generally as they fall due, or 
 
 
(e) 
a competent court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer which have not 
been dismissed or stayed within 60 days after the commencement thereof, or the 
Issuer institutes such proceedings, or 
 
 
(f) 
the Issuer is wound up, unless this is effected in connection with a merger or 
another form of amalgamation with another company or in connection with a 
restructuring, and the other or the new company assumes all obligations of the 
Issuer arising in connection with the Notes; or 
 
 
(g) any law, governmental order, decree or enactment will enter into force in the 
Federal Republic of Germany whereby the Issuer is prevented from performing its 
material obligations as set forth in these Conditions to an extent which is 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Holders taken as a whole under the 
Notes and this situation is not cured within 90 days from the date the relevant law, 
governmental order, decree or enactment has become effective on the Issuer (each 
of the events set out in subparagraphs (a) to (g), an "Event of Default"). 
 
 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has been 
cured before the right is exercised. 
 
 
In the case of subparagraphs (b) or (c) above, any notice declaring Notes due shall, 
unless at the time such notice is received, any of the events specified in subparagraphs 
(a) and (d) through (g) above entitling Holders to declare their Notes due has occurred, 
become effective only when the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent has received such notices 
from Holders of at least 25% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of this 
Series or, if this is less, 25% of the aggregate principal amount of all Notes of this Series 
then outstanding. 
 
 
"Financial Indebtedness" means without double counting (i) any Capital Market 
Indebtedness (as defined in § 2) and (ii) any indebtedness in respect of the disbursed 
principal amount of all moneys borrowed from banks or as promissory note loans 
(Schuldscheindarlehen).

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
 
 
(2) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring Notes due in accordance with 
this § 9, shall be made in accordance with § [13] ([]) (Form of Notice to Be Given by 
any Holder). 
 
 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer (or the Substitute Debtor) may, without the consent of the 
Holders, if no payment of principal of or interest on or any other amount in respect of 
the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for the Issuer any affiliate of the Issuer 
within the meaning of Section 15 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) 
as principal debtor (the "Substitute Debtor") in respect of all obligations arising from 
or in connection with the Notes, provided that: 
 
 
(a) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
 
 
(b) the Substitute Debtor has obtained all necessary governmental authorisations and 
may transfer to the Fiscal Agent in the currency required hereunder and without 
being obligated to withhold or deduct any taxes or other duties of whatever nature 
levied by the country in which the Substitute Debtor or the Issuer has its domicile 
or tax residence, all amounts required for the fulfilment of the payment obligations 
arising under the Notes; 
 
 
(c) the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each Holder 
against any withholding tax, duty or governmental charge imposed on such Holder 
in respect of such substitution;  
 
 
(d) the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees in favour of each Holder the 
payment of all sums payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes; and 
 
 
(e) there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent one opinion for each 
jurisdiction affected of lawyers of recognised standing to the effect that the 
conditions contained in subparagraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) above have been 
satisfied. 
 
 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be published in accordance with § [13]. 
Upon publication of such notice and provided that the requirements pursuant to § 10 (1) 
have been fulfilled, the substitution shall take effect and the Issuer shall be authorised 
to amend the Global Note[s] and these Conditions to the extent necessary to reflect the 
changes resulting from the substitution, and the appropriately amended Global Note[s] 
and Conditions will be deposited with or on behalf of the Clearing System. 
 
 
(3) Change of References. In the event of any such substitution, any reference in these 
Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the Substitute Debtor 
and any reference to the country in which the Issuer is domiciled or resident for taxation 
purposes shall from then on be deemed to refer to the country of domicile or residence 
for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor. Furthermore, in the event of such 
substitution an alternative reference to the Federal Republic of Germany shall be 
deemed to have been included in § 5 (2) and § 7 in addition to the reference according 
to the preceding sentence to the country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes 
of the Substitute Debtor and in § 9 (1) (c) to (f) an alternative reference to the Issuer in 
its capacity as guarantor shall be deemed to have been included in addition to the 
reference to the Substitute Debtor.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
In case the 
provisions of the 
German Act on Debt 
Securities regarding 
the amendment of 
terms and 
conditions and the 
appointment of a 
holders' 
representative shall 
apply, the following 
applies 
 
[§ 11 
AMENDMENT OF THE CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE 
(1) Amendment of the Conditions. In accordance with the German Act on Debt 
Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG") the 
Holders may agree with the Issuer on amendments of these Conditions with regard to 
matters permitted by the SchVG by resolution with the majority specified in paragraph 
(2). Majority resolutions of the Holders shall be binding on all Holders alike. A majority 
resolution of the Holders which does not provide for identical conditions for all Holders 
is void, unless Holders who are disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being 
treated disadvantageously. 
 
 
(2) Majority Requirements. Resolutions relating to material amendments of the 
Conditions, in particular consents to the measures set out in § 5 (3) of the SchVG shall 
be passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent. (Qualified Majority) of the votes 
cast. Resolutions relating to amendments of the Conditions which are not material 
require a simple majority of the votes cast. The voting right is suspended as long as any 
Notes are attributable to the Issuer or any of its affiliates (within the meaning of § 271 
(2) of the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) or are being held for the 
account of the Issuer or any of its affiliates.  
 
 
(3) Vote without a Meeting. All votes will be taken exclusively by vote taken without a 
meeting. A meeting of Holders and the assumption of the fees by the Issuer for such a 
meeting will only take place in the circumstances of § 18 (4), sentence 2 SchVG. 
 
 
(4) Chair of the Vote. The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, 
if the Holders' Representative has convened the vote, by the Holders' Representative. 
 
 
(5) Voting Rights. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast its vote in accordance 
with the nominal amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the outstanding 
Notes. 
 
 
(6) Holders' Representative. 
 
 
[In case no Holders' Representative is designated in the Conditions, the following 
applies: The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a common representative (the 
"Holders' Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on behalf of each Holder.] 
 
 
[In case the Holders' Representative is appointed in the Conditions, the following 
applies: The common representative (the "Holders' Representative") shall be []. The 
liability of the Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten times the amount of its 
annual remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative has acted willfully or with 
gross negligence.] 
 
 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or 
granted by majority resolution of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall comply 
with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the Holders' Representative has 
been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, the Holders shall not be entitled 
to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the relevant majority 
resolution. The Holders' Representative shall provide reports to the Holders on its 
activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply with regard to the recall and the other 
rights and obligations of the Holders' Representative. 
(7) Notice. Any notices concerning this § 11 will be published exclusively in accordance 
with the provisions of the SchVG.]

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
 
 
§ [12] 
FURTHER ISSUES OF NOTES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
 
 
(1) Further Issues of Notes. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of 
the Holders, issue further Notes having the same terms as these Notes in all respects 
(except for, as applicable. the date of issue, interest commencement date, first interest 
payment date and issue price) so as to be consolidated and form a single series (the 
"Series") with these Notes and increase the outstanding aggregate principal amount of 
these Notes. 
 
 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer and any of its affiliates may at any time purchase Notes in 
the open market or otherwise and at any price. Notes so purchased may, at the option 
of the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation.  
 
 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not 
be reissued or resold. 
 
 
§ [13] 
NOTICES 
In case of Notes 
which are admitted 
to trading on the 
regulated market of 
a stock exchange the 
following applies 
 
[(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes shall be published in the Federal 
Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) and if required by law, in such other media as determined by 
law. [In case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following applies: If and for so long as the Notes 
are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, all notices concerning the 
Notes shall also be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).] Any notice so given shall be deemed to have been 
validly given to the Holders on the third day following the date of such publication (or, 
if published more than once, on the third day following the date of the first such 
publication). 
 
 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as the Notes are held in their entirety by or 
on behalf of the Clearing System and, if the publication of notices pursuant to paragraph 
(1) is no longer required by law, the Issuer may, in lieu of publication in the media set 
forth in paragraph (1), deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System, for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any notice so given shall be 
deemed to have been validly given to the Holders on the seventh day following the date 
on which such notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
 
 
In case of Notes 
which are not 
admitted to trading 
on the regulated 
market of a stock 
exchange the 
following applies 
 
[(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the 
Notes to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the seventh day 
following the date on which such notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
 
([]) Form of Notice to Be Given by any Holder. Unless stipulated differently in these 
Conditions or required differently by law, notices regarding the Notes which are to be 
given by any Holder to the Issuer shall be validly given if delivered in text form 
(Textform) in the German or English language to the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent (for 
onward delivery to the Issuer) and by hand or mail. The Holder shall provide evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer of its holding of the Notes. Such evidence may be (i) in the 
form of a certification from the Clearing System or the Custodian (as defined below) 
with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes that such

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
Holder is, at the time such notice is given, the Holder of the relevant Notes, or (ii) in 
any other appropriate manner. 
 
 
§ [14] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION, PLACE OF 
PERFORMANCE AND ENFORCEMENT 
 
 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of 
the Holders and the Issuer, shall in all respects be governed by German law. 
 
 
(2) Place of Jurisdiction. The courts in Munich, Federal Republic of Germany shall 
have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings 
("Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with the Notes [In case the provisions 
of the SchVG shall apply the following applies:, subject to any mandatory jurisdiction 
for specific proceedings under the SchVG]. 
 
 
(3) Place of Performance. Place of performance shall be Frankfurt am Main, Federal 
Republic of Germany. 
 
 
(4) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or to 
which such Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own name its 
rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian 
with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes (a) stating 
the full name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes credited to such securities account on the date of such statement and (c) 
confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b), and (ii) a copy of the Global Note 
certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the Clearing System or a 
depository of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such Proceedings 
of the actual records or the Global Note representing the Notes. For purposes of the 
foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution of recognised 
standing authorised to engage in securities custody business with which the Holder 
maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes and includes the Clearing System. 
Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce its rights 
under these Notes also in any other way which is permitted under procedural law in the 
country of the Proceedings. 
 
 
§ [15] 
LANGUAGE 
In case the 
Conditions shall be 
in the German 
language with an 
English language 
translation the 
following applies 
 
[These Conditions are written in the German language and provided with an English 
language translation. The German text shall be binding and prevailing. The English 
language translation shall be non-binding.] 
 
 
 
In case the 
Conditions shall be 
in the English 
language with a 
German language 
translation the 
following applies 
 
[These Conditions are written in the English language and provided with a German 
language translation. The English text shall be binding and prevailing. The German 
language translation shall be non-binding.]

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
In case the 
Conditions shall be 
in the English 
language only the 
following applies 
 
[These Conditions are written in the English language only.]

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
 
 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with floating interest 
rates 
 
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
 
(1) Currency, Denomination. These Notes (the "Notes") of ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE 
(the "Issuer") are being issued in [Specified Currency] (the "Specified Currency") 
in the aggregate principal amount [In case the Global Note is an NGN the following 
applies: (subject to § 1(4))] of [aggregate principal amount] (in words: [aggregate 
principal amount in words]) in a denomination of [Specified Denomination] (the 
"Specified Denomination"). 
 
 
(2) Form. The Notes are in bearer form and represented by one or more global notes 
(each a "Global Note"). 
 
 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange for Permanent Global Note. 
 
 
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable for Notes in the Specified Denomination represented by a 
permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note") without coupons. Any 
claim for interest payments under the Notes shall be represented by the relevant 
Global Note. The Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note shall 
each be signed by or on behalf of the Issuer and shall each be authenticated by or 
on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and coupons will not be issued. 
 
 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global Note 
in the form and subject to the conditions provided in subparagraph (a) above on 
a date not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date (as defined in § 3(1)) of the 
Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall only be made to the extent that 
certifications as required by U.S. tax law have been delivered to the effect that 
the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes represented by the Temporary Global 
Note is (are) not (a) U.S. person(s) (other than certain financial institutions or 
certain persons holding Notes through such financial institutions). Payment of 
interest on Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note will be made only after 
delivery of such certifications. A separate certification shall be required in respect 
of each such payment of interest. Any such certification received on or after the 
40th day after the Issue Date of the Temporary Global Note will be treated as a 
request to exchange such Temporary Global Note pursuant to this subparagraph 
(b) of § 1(3). Any securities delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global Note 
shall be delivered only outside of the United States. For the purposes of these 
Conditions, "United States" means the United States of America (including the 
States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto 
Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
 
(4) Clearing System. The Global Note representing the Notes will be kept in custody 
by or on behalf of the Clearing System. "Clearing System" means [In case of more 
than one Clearing System the following applies: each of] the following: 
[Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Federal Republic 
of Germany ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking, S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium ("Euroclear")] [(CBL and 
Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")] and any successor in such 
capacity.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
In case of Notes 
kept in custody on 
behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
global note is an 
NGN the following 
applies 
 
[The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records 
of the ICSDs (which expression means the records that each ICSD holds for its 
customers which reflect the amount of such customer's interest in the Notes) shall be 
conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the 
Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating the amount 
of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant ICSD at that time. 
On any redemption being made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, any of 
the Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer shall procure that details of any 
redemption or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global 
Note shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry 
being made, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the 
ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be reduced by the total principal 
amount of the Notes so redeemed or purchased and cancelled. 
[In case the Temporary Global Note is an NGN the following applies: On an 
exchange of a part of the Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note, the Issuer 
shall procure that details of such exchange shall be entered pro rata in the records of 
the ICSDs.]] 
In case of Notes 
kept in custody on 
behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
global note is a 
CGN the following 
applies 
 
[The Notes are issued in classical global note ("CGN") form and are kept in custody 
by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
 
(5) Holder. "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Notes which may be transferred to a new Holder in 
accordance with the provisions of the Clearing System. 
 
 
(6) Business Day. In these Conditions, "Business Day" means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which [commercial banks and foreign exchange markets in 
[insert all relevant financial centres] settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits)] [[and] 
the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 
2 ("TARGET") is open]. 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
 
 
(1) Status of the Notes. The Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations 
which may be preferred by applicable law. 
 
 
(2) Negative Pledge of the Issuer. The Issuer undertakes, as long as any Notes are 
outstanding, but only up to the time all amounts of principal and interest payable under 
the Notes have been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal Agent, not to provide or 
maintain any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other form of in rem security interest 
(each a "Security Interest") over the whole or any part of its assets to secure any 
Capital Markets Indebtedness (as defined below), and the Issuer undertakes to procure 
(unless this is legally impossible or illegal) that none of its Material Subsidiaries (as

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
defined below) will provide Security Interests over their assets to secure Capital 
Markets Indebtedness, in each case, without at the same time letting the Holders share 
pari passu in such Security Interest or giving to the Holders an equivalent Security 
Interest.  
This undertaking shall not apply to a Security Interest which 
(i) 
has to be granted pursuant to provisions of statutory law; or 
(ii)  has to be granted in order to obtain administrative or governmental 
authorisations or permits; or 
(iii) exists on the Issue Date of these Notes; or 
(iv) is granted by any Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Issuer for any claims 
of such Subsidiary vis-à-vis the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer or any 
third party, whereas such claims exist now or arise at any time in the future 
as a result of the transfer of proceeds derived from the sale of any Capital 
Market Indebtedness by that Subsidiary, provided that any such security 
serves to secure obligations under such Capital Market Indebtedness of that 
Subsidiary; or 
(v) exists on property at the time of the acquisition thereof, provided that such 
Security Interest was not created in connection with or in contemplation of 
such acquisition and that the amount secured by such Security Interest is not 
increased subsequently to the acquisition of the relevant property; or  
(vi) exists on any property of any entity which becomes a member of the Group 
where such Security Interests was created prior to the date on which such 
entity becomes a member of the Group, provided that such Security Interest 
was not created in contemplation of the acquisition of such entity and that 
the amount secured by such Security Interest has not been increased in 
contemplation of, or since the date of, the acquisition of such entity; or 
(vii) constitutes the renewal, extension or replacement of any security pursuant 
to the foregoing (i) through (vi); or 
(viii) is granted in connection with asset backed securities transactions or any 
other similar instrument that involves the financing of specific identified 
pool of assets for which the holders of the Capital Market Indebtedness only 
have recourse to the identified pool of assets as well as to the specific cash-
flows generated by these assets, by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries in an 
aggregate amount not exceeding EUR 100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency); or 
(ix) does not fall within the scope of application of (i) through (viii) above and 
which secures Capital Market Indebtedness with a principal amount (when 
aggregated with the principal amount of other Capital Market Indebtedness 
which has the benefit of security (issued by the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary) other than any falling within the scope of application of (i) 
through (viii) above) not exceeding EUR 200,000,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency). 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means any present or future indebtedness (whether 
being principal, premium, interest or other amounts) in respect of borrowed money 
which is in the form of, or represented by, notes, bonds or similar securities which are 
or are capable of being quoted, listed or traded on any stock exchange or other 
recognised and regulated securities market. 
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time. 
"Subsidiary" means in relation to any person, any corporation, entity or partnership 
which is controlled directly or indirectly by that person. "Control" for this purpose 
means the direct or indirect ownership of the majority of the voting share capital of 
such entity, the right or ability to determine the composition of a majority of the board

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
of directors (or like body) of such entity or the right or ability to direct the management 
and affairs of such entity, in each case whether by virtue of ownership of share capital, 
contract or otherwise. 
"Material Subsidiary" means any (direct or indirect) Subsidiary of the Issuer whose 
earnings before financial result, income taxes, depreciation, impairment and 
amortisation and exceptional items (calculated on the same basis as EBITDA) after 
consolidation measures or whose total assets after consolidation measures exceed 7.5 
per cent. of the consolidated EBITDA or the consolidated total assets of the Issuer, as 
determined in the most recent audited consolidated financial statements 
(Konzernabschluss) of the Issuer and with respect to such Material Subsidiary based 
on the data available for the respective financial year which were used for 
consolidation. If no such data are available with respect to any newly acquired 
subsidiary, the most recent annual financial statements (audited, as applicable) of such 
newly acquired subsidiary shall be used as a basis. 
"EBITDA" means earnings before financial result, income taxes, depreciation, 
impairment and amortisation and exceptional items. 
 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
 
 
(1) Interest Payment Dates. 
 
 
(a) The Notes shall bear interest on their outstanding aggregate principal amount from, 
and including, [insert Interest Commencement Date] (the "Issue Date" or the 
"Interest Commencement Date") to, but excluding, the Maturity Date (as defined in § 
5 (1)). Interest on the Notes shall be payable [quarterly] [semi-annually] [annually] in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date (as defined below). 
 
 
(b) "Interest Payment Date" means 
In case of specified 
Interest Payment 
Dates the following 
applies 
 
[each [insert specified Interest Payment Dates], commencing on [insert first Interest 
Payment Date].] 
 
 
 
In case of specified 
Interest Periods the 
following applies 
 
[each date which (except as otherwise provided for in these Conditions) falls [insert 
relevant number] [weeks] [months] [insert other specified Interest Periods] after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date [(being 
[insert first Interest Payment Date])], after the Interest Commencement Date.] 
 
 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions set 
out in § 4 (4). 
In case 
interpolation 
applies the 
following applies 
 
[(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each Interest Period 
(as defined below) shall be the Reference Rate (as defined below) [In case of a Margin 
the following applies: [plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined below)], all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent (as specified in § 6 (1)). 
 
"Reference Rate" means, except as provided below, in respect of (i) the [in case of a 
short first interest period the following applies: short first Interest Period from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the first Interest Payment 
Date] [in case of a long first interest period the following applies: long first Interest 
Period from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the first 
Interest Payment Date] [in case of a short last interest period the following applies: 
short last Interest Period from, and including, the last Interest Payment Date prior to the 
Maturity Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date)] [in case of a long last interest

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
period the following applies: long last Interest Period from, and including, the last 
Interest Payment Date prior to the Maturity Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date] 
the rate determined by straight-line interpolation between the [insert first relevant 
Reference Interest Rate] (as defined below) and the [insert second relevant 
Reference Interest Rate] (as defined below), and (ii) all other Interest Periods the 
[insert relevant Reference Interest Rate which shall apply to all Interest Periods to 
which interpolation shall not apply] (as defined below) (together with the reference 
interest rate for the [short] [long] [first] [last] Interest Period the "Reference Interest 
Rates" and each a "Reference Interest Rate"), in each case expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum. 
 
The [insert first relevant Reference Interest Rate] [,] [and] the [insert second 
relevant Reference Interest Rate] [[,] [and] the [in case the relevant Reference 
Interest Rate which shall apply to all Interest Periods to which interpolation shall 
not apply is different from the first and the second relevant Reference Interest 
Rate, insert such Reference Interest Rate]] shall be in each case the rate for deposits 
in the Specified Currency with a term corresponding with the term of the relevant 
Reference Interest Rate, which appears on the Screen Page (as defined below) as of 
[11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant time] ([Brussels] [insert other relevant financial 
centre] time) on the Determination Day (as defined below), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.] 
 
 
 
In case 
interpolation does 
not apply, the 
following applies 
 
[(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each Interest Period 
(as defined below) shall be the Reference Interest Rate (as defined below) [in case of a 
Margin the following shall apply: [plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined below)], all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent (as specified in § 6 (1). 
 
"Reference Interest Rate" means, except as provided below, the [insert relevant 
Reference Interest Rate] (as defined below), expressed as a percentage rate per annum. 
 
The "[insert relevant Reference Interest Rate]" shall be the rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency with a term corresponding with the term of the Reference Interest 
Rate, which appears on the Screen Page (as defined below) as of [11.00 a.m.] [insert 
other relevant time] ([Brussels] [insert other relevant financial centre] time) on the 
Determination Day (as defined below), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.] 
 
 
"Interest Period" means each period from, and including, the Interest Commencement 
Date to, but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date and from, and including, each 
Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the following Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
"Determination Day" means the [first] [second] [insert other relevant number] [day] 
[Business Day] [(as defined in § 1] [prior to the [commencement] [end]] of the relevant 
Interest Period. [if a definition is required, which differs from the general Business 
Day definition, the following shall apply: For the purposes of this paragraph (2) only, 
"Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which [[in case 
TARGET has been already defined the following shall apply: TARGET] [in case 
TARGET has not already been defined the following shall apply: the Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 
("TARGET")] is open] [[and] commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in [insert all relevant financial centres].] 
In case of Notes, 
which have a 
margin which does 
not change the 
following applies 
 
["Margin" means [insert rate] per cent. per annum.]

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
 
 
 
In case of Notes 
which have a 
margin which 
changes the 
following applies 
 
["Margin" means in respect of the Interest Period[s] 
from, and including, 
to, but excluding, 
 
[insert date] 
[insert date] 
[insert Margin] per 
cent. per annum] 
 
 
 
 
 
"Screen Page" means (i) [insert relevant Screen Page], or (ii) such other display page 
as may replace such Screen Page on the service provided by [insert relevant 
information vendor], or (iii) the display page of such other service as may be 
nominated by the Calculation Agent as the replacement information vendor for the 
purpose of displaying the relevant rate. 
 
 
If the Screen Page is cancelled or unavailable or if the [in case interpolation applies, 
the following applies: relevant] Reference Interest Rate does not appear as at such time 
on the relevant Determination Day on the Screen Page, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at which it offers deposits 
in the Specified Currency with a term corresponding with the term of the [in case 
interpolation applies, the following applies: relevant] Reference Interest Rate, 
commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative 
Amount (as defined below) to prime banks in the [insert relevant financial centre] 
interbank market [of the Euro-zone (as defined below)] at approximately [11.00 a.m.] 
[insert other relevant time] ([Brussels] [insert other relevant financial centre] time) 
on the Determination Day. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such rates, the [in case interpolation applies the following 
applies: relevant] Reference Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.0005 being rounded upwards) of such rates, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
 
 
If on any Determination Day only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with such rates as specified in the preceding paragraph, the [in case 
interpolation applies the following applies: relevant] Reference Interest Rate for the 
relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by major banks in [insert 
relevant financial centre] [the [insert relevant financial centre] interbank market [of 
the Euro-zone]], selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith, at which such 
banks offer, as at approximately [11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant time] ([Brussels] 
[insert other relevant financial centre] time) on the [Determination Day] [first day of 
the relevant Interest Period] loans in the Specified Currency with a term corresponding 
with the term of the [in case interpolation applies the following applies: relevant] 
Reference Interest Rate, commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and 
in a Representative Amount to leading European banks. If the [in case interpolation 
applies the following applies: relevant] Reference Interest Rate cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the [in case 
interpolation applies the following applies: relevant] Reference Interest Rate shall be 
the Reference Interest Rate determined with respect to the immediately preceding 
Interest Period. 
 
 
"Reference Banks" means [[four] [insert other relevant number] major banks in the 
[insert relevant financial centre] interbank market [of the Euro-zone]] [in case

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
Reference Banks are specified in the Final Terms, insert the names of such 
Reference Banks]. 
 
 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
In case of the 
Interbank market 
of the Euro-zone 
the following 
applies 
 
["Euro-zone" means the region comprised of those member states of the EU that have 
adopted, or will have adopted from time to time, the Euro as single currency.] 
 
 
 
In case a Minimum 
and/or Maximum 
Rate of Interest 
applies, the 
following applies 
 
[(3) [Minimum] [and] [Maximum] Rate of Interest. 
 
 
 
In case a Minimum 
Rate of Interest 
applies, the 
following applies 
 
[If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the above provisions is less than [insert Minimum Rate of Interest] per cent. per 
annum, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert Minimum Rate of 
Interest] per cent. per annum.] 
 
 
 
In case a Maximum 
Rate of Interest 
applies, the 
following applies 
 
[If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the above provisions is greater than [insert Maximum Rate of Interest] per cent. per 
annum, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert Maximum Rate of 
Interest] per cent. per annum.] 
 
 
([4]) Default Interest. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, interest shall 
accrue on the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes from, and including, 
the due date for redemption to, but excluding, the date of actual redemption of the Notes 
at the default rate of interest established by law2. 
 
 
([5]) Calculation of Amount of Interest. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as 
practicable after each date at which the relevant Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
calculate the amount of interest payable under the Notes in respect of the Specified 
Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. The amount of interest shall be calculated 
by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified Denomination, multiplying such 
amount by the applicable Day Count Fraction (as defined below) and rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency, half of such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with the applicable market 
convention. 
 
 
([6]) Notification of Rate of Interest and Amount of Interest. The Calculation Agent will 
cause the Interest Period, the Rate of Interest, the amount of interest and the Interest 
Payment Date for the relevant Interest Period to be notified to the Issuer, to any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, if so required by the rules of 
such stock exchange, and to the Holders in accordance with § [13] as soon as possible 
after their determination. Each amount of interest and Interest Payment Date so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way 
of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
                                                     
2 The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank 
from time to time, §§ 288 (1), 247 (1) German Civil Code.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
Period. Any such amendment will be notified to any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are from time to time listed and to the Holders in accordance with § [13]. 
 
 
([7]) 
Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or 
obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by the Calculation Agent or any 
Independent Advisor shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, any paying agents and the Holders and, in 
the absence of the aforesaid, no liability to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, any paying 
agents or the Holders shall attach to the Calculation Agent or the Independent Advisor 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
 
 
([8]) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation 
of an amount of interest on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period") 
In case of 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
the following 
applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
In case of 
Actual/360 the 
following applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
In case of 30/360, 
360/360 or Bond 
Basis the following 
applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to 
be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (A) 
the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case 
the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-
day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of 
February in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened 
to a 30-day month).] 
In case of 30E/360 
or Eurobond Basis 
the following 
applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to 
be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without 
regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the 
case of the final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of 
February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened 
to a 30-day month).] 
 
 
([9])(a) Rate Replacement. Notwithstanding any other provisions in this § 3, if the 
Issuer determines (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) that a Benchmark Event 
has occurred on or prior to a Determination Day, the Relevant Determining Party shall 
determine in its reasonable discretion and inform the Issuer, if relevant, and the 
Calculation Agent of (i) the Replacement Rate, (ii) the Adjustment Spread, if any, and 
(iii) the Replacement Rate Adjustments (each as defined below in §3[(9)](b)) for 
purposes of determining the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period related to that 
Determination Day and each Interest Period thereafter (subject to the subsequent 
occurrence of any further Benchmark Event). These Conditions shall be deemed to 
have been amended by the Replacement Rate Adjustments with effect from (and 
including) the relevant Determination Day (including any amendment of such 
Determination Day if so provided by the Replacement Rate Adjustments). The Rate of 
Interest shall then be the Replacement Rate adjusted by the Adjustment Spread, if any,

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
[In case of a Margin the following shall apply: [plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined 
above)]. 
 
 
The Issuer shall notify the Holders pursuant to § [13] as soon as practicable 
(unverzüglich) after such determination of the Replacement Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread, if any, and the Replacement Rate Adjustments. In addition, the Issuer shall 
request the [Clearing System] [common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs] to 
supplement or amend these Conditions to reflect the Replacement Rate Adjustments 
by attaching the documents submitted to the Global Note in an appropriate manner. 
 
 
(b) Definitions. 
 
 
(aa) A "Benchmark Event" occurs if: 
 
 
(i) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Reference Interest Rate is made that it has ceased or that it 
will cease publishing the Reference Interest Rate permanently or indefinitely 
provided that, at the time of the statement or publication no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue the publication of the 
Reference Interest Rate; or 
 
 
(ii) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate is made that 
publication of the Reference Interest Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued provided that, at the time of the statement or publication 
no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue the publication 
of the Reference Interest Rate; or 
 
 
(iii) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate is made that, in its 
view, the Reference Interest Rate is no longer representative, or will no longer be 
representative, of the underlying market it purports to measure and no action to 
remediate such a situation is taken or expected to be taken as required by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate; or 
 
 
(iv) it has become, for any reason, unlawful under any law or regulation for any 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party to use the 
Reference Interest Rate; or 
 
 
(v) the Reference Interest Rate is permanently no longer published without a 
previous official announcement by the competent authority or the administrator; 
or 
 
 
(vi) the methodology for the determination of the Reference Interest Rate is 
materially altered compared to the methodology as used by the administrator of 
the Reference Interest Rate at the Interest Commencement Date. 
 
 
(bb) "Replacement Rate" means a publicly available substitute, successor, alternative 
or other rate designed to be referenced by financial instruments or contracts, including 
the Notes, to determine an amount payable under such financial instruments or 
contracts, including, but not limited to, an amount of interest. In determining the 
Replacement Rate, the Relevant Guidance (as defined below) shall be taken into 
account. 
 
 
(cc) "Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, which the Relevant Determining 
Party determines is required to be applied to the Replacement Rate to reduce or

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value between 
the Issuer and the Holders that would otherwise arise as a result of the replacement of 
the Reference Interest Rate against the Replacement Rate (including, but not limited 
to, as a result of the Replacement Rate being a risk-free rate). In determining the 
Adjustment Spread, the Relevant Guidance shall be taken into account. 
 
 
(dd) "Relevant Determining Party" means 
 
 
(i) the Issuer if in its opinion the Replacement Rate is obvious and as such without 
any reasonable doubt determinable by an investor that is knowledgeable in the 
respective type of bonds, such as the Notes; or 
 
 
(ii) failing which, (A) if the Issuer is able to appoint an Independent Advisor (as 
defined below) as its agent to make such determinations, the Independent Advisor 
appointed by the Issuer, or (B) if the Issuer is not able to appoint an Independent 
Advisor in accordance with (ii)(A) above, the Issuer. 
 
 
(ee) "Independent Advisor" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or any other independent advisor of recognised standing and with 
appropriate expertise. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and provided that 
sub-paragraph (i) of the definition of "Relevant Determining Party" in (dd) above is 
not applicable, the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to identify and appoint an 
Independent Advisor at commercially reasonable terms. 
 
 
(ff) "Relevant Guidance" means (i) any legal or supervisory requirement applicable 
to the Issuer or the Notes or, if none, (ii) any applicable designation (in particular (but 
not limited to) pursuant to Article 23(2) of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended) 
requirement, recommendation or guidance of a Relevant Nominating Body or, if none, 
(iii) any relevant recommendation or guidance by industry bodies (including by ISDA), 
or, if none, (iv) any relevant market practice. 
 
 
(gg) "Relevant Nominating Body" means 
 
 
(i) the EU Commission, the central bank for the Specified Currency, or any central 
bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the 
Replacement Rate or the administrator of the Replacement Rate; or 
 
 
(ii) any working group or committee officially endorsed, sponsored or convened 
by or chaired or co-chaired by (v) the EU Commission (w) the central bank for the 
Specified Currency, (x) any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible 
for supervising either the Reference Interest Rate or the administrator of the 
Reference Interest Rate, (y) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisors or (z) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 
 
(hh) "Replacement Rate Adjustments" means such adjustments to these Conditions 
as are determined consequential to enable the operation of the Replacement Rate 
(which may include, without limitation, adjustments to the applicable Business Day 
Convention, the definition of Business Day, the Determination Day, the Day Count 
Fraction and any methodology or definition for obtaining or calculating the 
Replacement Rate). In determining any Replacement Rate Adjustments the Relevant 
Guidance shall be taken into account. 
 
 
(c) [Final Fall-back] [Termination]. If a Replacement Rate, an Adjustment Spread, if 
any, or the Replacement Rate Adjustments cannot be determined pursuant to §3[(9)](a) 
and (b), [the Reference Interest Rate shall be the Reference Interest Rate determined 
with respect to the last Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest was determined in 
accordance with §3(2).] [the Issuer may, upon not less than 15 days' notice given to the 
Holders in accordance with §[13], redeem all, and not only some of the Notes at any 
time up and until (but excluding) the respective subsequent Determination Day at the

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
Final Redemption Amount together with accrued interest (calculated on the basis of 
the Reference Interest Rate determined with respect to the last Interest Period for which 
the Rate of Interest was determined in accordance with §3(2)), if any, to (but excluding) 
the respective redemption date, provided that if the Issuer does not exercise its 
termination right, the Reference Interest Rate shall be the Reference Interest Rate 
determined with respect to the last Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest was 
determined in accordance with §3(2).] The Issuer will inform the Calculation Agent 
accordingly. 
 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
 
(1)(a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal on the Notes shall be made, subject 
to paragraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts 
of the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System upon presentation and (except 
in the case of partial payment) surrender of the Global Note representing the Notes at 
the time of payment at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent outside the United States. 
 
 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on the Notes shall be made, subject to 
paragraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of 
the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System. 
 
 
Payment of interest on the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note shall be 
made, subject to paragraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit 
to the accounts of the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System, upon due 
certification as provided for in § 1 (3) (b). 
 
 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, 
payments of amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made in the Specified 
Currency. 
 
 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
Clearing System. 
 
 
(4) Payment Business Day. If the due date for any payment in respect of the Notes 
would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Payment Business Day (as defined below) 
the due date for such payment shall be 
In case of Modified 
Following Business 
Day Convention 
the following 
applies 
 
[postponed to the next day which is a Payment Business Day unless the due date for 
such payment would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the due 
date for such payment shall be the immediately preceding day which is a Payment 
Business Day (Modified Following Business Day Convention).] 
In case of FRN 
Convention the 
following applies 
 
[postponed to the next day which is a Payment Business Day unless the due date for 
such payment would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) the 
due date for such payment shall be the immediately preceding day which is a Payment 
Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date (if applicable) shall be 
the last Payment Business Day in the month which falls [[insert relevant number] 
[months] [insert other specified Interest Period]] after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date (if applicable) (Floating Rate Note Business Day Convention).] 
In case of 
Following Business 
Day Convention 
the following 
applies 
 
[postponed to the next day which is a Payment Business Day (Following Business Day 
Convention).]

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
In case of 
Preceding Business 
Day Convention 
the following 
applies 
 
[moved forward to the immediately preceding day which is a Payment Business Day 
(Preceding Business Day Convention).] 
 
 
"Payment Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (i) on which 
the Clearing System is open, and (ii) [which is a Business Day (as defined in § 1 (6))] 
[on which [commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in [insert all relevant financial centres]] [[and] [in case TARGET has 
already been defined the following applies: TARGET] [in case TARGET has not 
already been defined the following applies: the Trans-European Automated Real-
time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") is open]. 
In case the amount 
of interest shall be 
adjusted the 
following applies 
 
[If the due date for a payment of interest is [In the case of Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, FRN Convention and Preceding Business Day 
Convention the following applies: brought forward] [or] [In the case of Modified 
Following Business Day Convention, FRN Convention and Following Business 
Day Convention the following applies: postponed] (as described above), the amount 
of interest shall be adjusted accordingly.] 
In case the amount 
of interest shall not 
be adjusted the 
following applies 
 
[If the due date for a payment of interest is [In the case of Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, FRN Convention and Preceding Business Day 
Convention the following applies: brought forward] [or] [In the case of Modified 
Following Business Day Convention, FRN Convention and Following Business 
Day Convention the following applies: postponed] (as described above), the amount 
of interest shall not be adjusted accordingly.] 
 
 
If the due date for the redemption of the principal amount of the Notes is adjusted the 
Holder shall not be entitled to additional payments in respect of such adjustment. 
 
 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. References in these Conditions to principal in 
respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final Redemption 
Amount of the Notes (as specified in § 5 (1)); the Early Redemption Amount of the 
Notes (as specified below); [In case the Notes are redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer at the Call Redemption Amount the following applies: the Call Redemption 
Amount of the Notes (as specified below);] [In case the Notes are redeemable at the 
option of the Holder the following applies: the Put Redemption Amount of the Notes 
(as specified below);] and any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) 
which may be payable under or in respect of the Notes. References in these Conditions 
to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any 
Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7) which may be payable under § 7. 
 
 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit with the Local Court 
(Amtsgericht) in Munich principal or interest not claimed by Holders within twelve 
months after the relevant due date, even though such Holders may not be in default of 
acceptance of payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is effected and the right of 
withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of such Holders against the Issuer shall 
cease. 
 
 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
 
 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or 
purchased and cancelled, and subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions 
set out in § 4 (4), the Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on 
[in the case of a specified Maturity Date insert such Maturity Date] [in the case of 
a Redemption Month insert: the Interest Payment Date falling in [insert 
Redemption Month]] (the "Maturity Date"). The "Final Redemption Amount" in 
respect of each Note shall be [In case the Notes are redeemed at their principal 
amount the following applies: its principal amount] [otherwise insert Specified 
Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Specified Denomination, which shall 
not be less than the principal amount of the Note]. 
 
 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation.  
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b), redeem 
the Notes in whole, but not in part, at any time, at their Early Redemption Amount 
together with interest, if any, accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption 
(the "Tax Call Redemption Date"), if on the occasion of the next payment due 
under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay Additional Amounts 
pursuant to § 7 [If Alternative 1 is applicable, insert: (and this obligation cannot 
be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer)] as a result 
of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Relevant Tax 
Jurisdiction (as defined in § 7) or of any political subdivision or taxing authority 
thereof or therein, affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, 
or as a result of any change in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or 
application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or change is effective 
on or after the date on which the first tranche of this Series of Notes is issued, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given (i) earlier than 90 days 
prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due, or (ii) if at 
the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts is 
no longer in effect. 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and in 
accordance with § [13], to the Holders on giving not less than 30 days' nor more 
than 60 days' prior notice of redemption. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption;  
 
 
(ii) the Tax Call Redemption Date; and 
(iii) in summary form, the facts constituting the basis of the right of the Issuer to 
so redeem. 
In case the Notes 
are subject to 
Early Redemption 
at the Option of 
the Issuer (Call) 
the following 
applies 
 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call). 
 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b), redeem 
the Notes in whole or in part on the Call Redemption Date[s] at the Call 
Redemption Amount[s] set forth below together with interest, if any, accrued to 
(but excluding) the [relevant] Call Redemption Date. 
 
 
Call Redemption Date[s] 
[insert Call Redemption Dates(s)] 
 
Call Redemption Amount[s] 
[insert Call Redemption Amount(s)]

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
 
 
[In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder 
the following applies: The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note 
which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require 
the redemption of such Note under paragraph ([]) of this § 5.] 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and in 
accordance with § [13], to the Holders on giving not less than [15] [insert other 
minimum notice period (which shall be not less than 5 days)] days' nor more 
than 60 days' prior notice of redemption. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
 
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
 
 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date; and 
 
 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System. [In case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such partial 
redemption shall be reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in aggregate principal amount, at the discretion of CBL and 
Euroclear.]] 
 
 
 
In case Early 
Redemption at the 
Option of the 
Issuer ([Two] 
[Three] [] 
Months Par Call) 
is applicable the 
following applies 
 
[([4]) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer ([In case the Notes are subject to 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) the 
following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the following applies: Three] 
[In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
([] Months Par Call) the following applies: []] Months Par Call). 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b), redeem 
the Notes in whole, but not in part, within the Call Redemption Period ([In case 
the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two 
Months Par Call) the following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are subject 
to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the 
following applies: Three] [In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption 
at the Option of the Issuer ([] Months Par Call) the following applies: []] 
Months Par Call) on the Call Redemption Date ([In case the Notes are subject 
to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) the 
following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption 
at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the following applies: 
Three] [In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of 
the Issuer ([] Months Par Call) the following applies: []] Months Par Call) 
at the Final Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, if any, to (but 
excluding) the Call Redemption Date ([In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) the following 
applies: Two] [In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the following applies: Three] 
[In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
([] Months Par Call) the following applies: []] Months Par Call). 
 
 
"Call Redemption Period ([In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption 
at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) the following applies: 
Two] [In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the following applies: Three] [In case the 
Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer ([] 
Months Par Call) the following applies: []] Months Par Call)" means the 
period from (and including) the day falling [In case the Notes are subject to 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) the 
following applies: two] [[In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption 
at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the following applies: 
three] [In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer ([] Months Par Call) the following applies: []] months before the 
Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date. 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with § [13], to the Holders on giving not less than 30 days' nor more 
than 60 days' prior notice of redemption. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; and 
(ii) the date within the Call Redemption Period ([In case the Notes are subject 
to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) 
the following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the 
following applies: Three] [In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer ([] Months Par Call) the 
following applies: []] Months Par Call) on which the redemption will 
occur (the "Call Redemption Date ([In case the Notes are subject to 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) 
the following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the 
following applies: Three] [In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer ([] Months Par Call) the 
following applies: []] Months Par Call)").] 
 
 
[In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Holder the following applies: The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect 
of any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its 
option to require the redemption of such Note under paragraph ([]) of this § 5.] 
 
 
 
In case Early 
Redemption at the 
Option of the 
Issuer (Minimal 
Outstanding 
Aggregate 
Principal Amount 
of the Notes) is 
applicable the 
following applies 
 
[([5]) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Minimal Outstanding Aggregate 
Principal Amount of the Notes). 
(a) 
In case 80 per cent. or more of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes have 
been redeemed or repurchased by the Issuer, the Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with subparagraph (b), redeem the remaining Notes in whole, but not 
in part, on the Call Redemption Date (Minimal Outstanding Aggregate Principal 
Amount of the Notes) at the Final Redemption Amount together with accrued 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Call Redemption Date (Minimal 
Outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount of the Notes). 
 
 
[In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Holder the following applies: The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect 
of any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its 
option to require the redemption of such Note under paragraph ([]) of this § 5.] 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with § [13], to the Holders on giving not less than 30 days' nor more 
than 60 days' prior notice of redemption. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
specify:

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; and 
(ii) the date on which the redemption will occur (the "Call Redemption Date 
(Minimal Outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount of the Notes)").] 
 
 
 
In case the Notes 
are subject to 
Early Redemption 
at the Option of 
the Holder the 
following applies 
 
[([6]) Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder (Put). 
 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, upon the exercise of the relevant option by the Holder of any 
Note in accordance with subparagraph (b), redeem such Note on the Put 
Redemption Date[s] at the Put Redemption Amount[s] set forth below in whole 
but not in part together with interest, if any, accrued to, but excluding, the Put 
Redemption Date. 
 
 
Put Redemption Date[s] 
[insert Put Redemption Dates(s)] 
Put Redemption Amount[s] 
[insert Put Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
 
[In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
the following applies: The Holder may not exercise such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Issuer of any of its options 
to redeem such Note under this § 5.] 
 
 
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than [30] [insert other 
Minimum Notice Period (which shall be not less than 15 days)] nor more than 
[60] [insert other Maximum Notice Period] days before the Put Redemption 
Date on which such redemption is required to be made as specified in the Put 
Notice (as defined below), submit during normal business hours at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent a duly completed early redemption notice in written 
form ("Put Notice"). In the event that the Put Notice is received after 5:00 p.m. 
Frankfurt time on the [insert Minimum Notice Period] Payment Business Day 
before the [relevant] Put Redemption Date, the option shall not have been validly 
exercised. The Put Notice must specify (i) the total principal amount of the Notes 
in respect of which such option is exercised, [and] (ii) the securities identification 
numbers of such Notes, if any [in the case the Global Note is kept in custody 
by CBF, the following applies: and (iii) contact details of the Holder as well as 
its bank account]. The Put Notice may be in the German or English language and 
may be prepared in the form available from the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent, which may include further information. No option so exercised may be 
revoked or withdrawn. To exercise the right to require redemption of these Notes 
the Holder must deliver the Notes to the Issuer or to its order.] 
In case the Notes 
are subject to 
Early Redemption 
as a result of a 
Change of Control 
the following 
applies 
 
[([7]) Early Redemption for Reasons of a Change of Control. 
 
(a) 
In the event that a Change of Control occurs after the Issue Date and within the 
Change of Control Period a Rating Downgrade occurs due to the Change of 
Control (an "Early Redemption Event"): 
 
 
(i) 
any Holder may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b), 
demand from the Issuer redemption as of the Effective Date of all and not 
some only of its Notes which are or were not otherwise declared due for 
early redemption, at their Final Redemption Amount together with accrued 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Effective Date (unless, prior to the 
Holder submitting its Early Redemption Notice in accordance with 
subparagraph (b), the Issuer gives notice in accordance with § 5 []); and

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
 
 
(ii) the Issuer will, immediately after becoming aware of the Early Redemption 
Event, publish by way of a notice (the "Early Redemption Event Notice") 
this fact and the effective date for the purposes of the Early Redemption 
Notice (the "Effective Date"). The Effective Date must be a Business Day 
not less than 60 and not more than 90 days after publication of the Early 
Redemption Event Notice. 
 
 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred at each time after the 
Issue Date that the direct or indirect shareholding in the voting share capital of 
the Issuer of any person or persons ("Relevant Person(s)") acting in concert 
within the meaning of section 34 para. 2 of the German Securities Trading Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz) exceeds the threshold of 50 per cent. of the voting 
rights (provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, persons voting in the same or in 
a consistent manner at any general meeting of the Issuer will not be considered to 
be acting in concert solely as a consequence of exercising their votes in such a 
manner). A Change of Control shall, however, be deemed not to have occurred if 
the Relevant Person at the point in time of the event, which would otherwise 
constitute a Change of Control, is dependent within the meaning of section 17 of 
the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) on a person or persons whose 
direct or indirect shareholdings in the voting share capital of the Issuer 
immediately prior to that event exceeded 50 per cent. of the voting rights. 
 
 
The "Change of Control Period" shall commence on the date of the first public 
announcement of the Change of Control that has occurred, and shall end on the 
120th day (inclusive) after the occurrence of the Change of Control. 
 
 
A “Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred 
(i) 
if within the Change of Control Period the rating previously assigned to the 
Notes by any Rating Agency (if only one rating exists) or the ratings 
assigned by at least two Rating Agencies (if two or more ratings exist) is (x) 
withdrawn or (y) changed from an investment grade rating (BBB- by S&P 
or by Fitch or Baa3 by Moody's, or its equivalent for the time being, or 
better, an "Investment Grade Rating") to a non-investment grade rating 
(BB+ by S&P or Fitch or Ba1 by Moody's, or its equivalent for the time 
being, or worse, a "Non-Investment Grade Rating") and not up-graded 
again to an Investment Grade Rating within the Change of Control Period 
or (z) down-graded from a Non-Investment Grade Rating assigned to the 
Notes by one or more notches (for clarification, Ba1 to Ba2 or BB+ to BB 
being one notch); or 
(ii) if at the time of the Change of Control, there is no rating assigned to the 
Notes and no Rating Agency (as defined below) assigns during the Change 
of Control Period an Investment Grade Rating to the Notes, 
unless the Issuer despite best endeavours, is unable to obtain an Investment Grade 
Rating or to maintain the existing Non-Investment Grade Rating, within the 
Change of Control Period, provided that the inability is not a result of the Change 
of Control; 
 
 
"Rating Agencies" means each of the rating agencies of Standard & Poor's 
Ratings Services, a part of McGraw Hill Financial Inc. ("S&P"), Moody's 
Investors Services Inc. ("Moody's”) or Fitch Ratings Ltd. ("Fitch") or any of their 
respective successors or any other rating agency designated by the Issuer or any 
of its successors. 
 
 
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than 30 days before the 
Effective Date, submit during normal business hours at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent a duly completed redemption notice in written form (the "Early

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
Redemption Notice"). In the event that the Early Redemption Notice is received 
after 5:00 p.m. Frankfurt time on the 30th Business Day before the Effective Date, 
the option shall not have been validly exercised. The Early Redemption Notice 
must specify (i) the total principal amount of the Notes in respect of which such 
option is exercised, [and] (ii) the securities identification numbers of such Notes, 
if any [in the case the Global Note is kept in custody by CBF, the following 
applies: and (iii) contact details of the Holder as well as its bank account]. The 
Early Redemption Notice may be in the German or English language and may be 
prepared in the form available from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, which 
may include further information. No option so exercised may be revoked or 
withdrawn. To exercise the right to require redemption of these Notes the Holder 
must deliver the Notes to the Issuer or to its order.] 
 
 
[([8]) Early Redemption Amount. For purposes of these Conditions, the "Early 
Redemption Amount" of a Note shall be [its Final Redemption Amount] [insert other 
early redemption amount, which shall not be less than the principal amount of the 
Note]. 
 
 
§ 6 
THE FISCAL AGENT [[,] THE PAYING AGENT[S]] AND THE 
CALCULATION AGENT 
 
 
(1) Appointment; Specified Office[s]. The initial Fiscal Agent [and the initial Paying 
Agent[s]] and the initial Calculation Agent and [its] [their] initial specified office[s] 
shall be: 
 
 
Fiscal Agent: 
 
[] 
 
 
The Fiscal Agent shall also fulfill the functions of a paying agent. 
 
 
[Paying Agent[s]: []] 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[][name and specified office] 
 
 
The Fiscal Agent, [[,] and] the Paying Agent[s]] and the Calculation Agent reserve[s] 
the right at any time to change [its] [their] specified office[s] to some other specified 
office[s] in the same city. 
 
 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent [[,] [and] the Paying Agent[s]] 
and the Calculation Agent and to appoint another fiscal agent [or another [or additional] 
paying agent[s]] or another calculation agent. The Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) 
a fiscal agent [In case of Notes listed on a stock exchange the following applies: [,] 
[and] (ii) so long as the Notes are listed on the [insert name of relevant stock 
exchange], a paying agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in 
[insert location of relevant stock exchange or country in which the relevant stock 
exchange is located] and/or in such other places as may be required by any applicable 
rules] and ([iii]) a calculation agent [In case the calculation agent is required to 
maintain a specified office in a required location the following applies: with a 
specified office located in [insert required location]]. The Issuer will give notice to 
the Holders of any variation, termination, appointment or any other change as soon as 
possible upon the effectiveness of such variation, termination, appointment and such 
other change. 
 
 
(3) Agent[s] of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent [[,] [and] the Paying Agent[s]] and the 
Calculation Agent act[s] solely as agent[s] of the Issuer and [does] [do] not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust with any Holder.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
 
 
(4) 
Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or 
obtained for the purposes of the provisions of these Conditions by the Fiscal Agent 
shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the paying agent[s] the Calculation Agent and the Holders and, in the absence 
of the aforesaid, no liability to the Issuer or the Holders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
 
 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
 
 
(1) Payments without any Deduction or Withholding of Taxes. All amounts payable in 
respect of the Notes shall be made by the Issuer without withholding or deduction for 
or on account of any present or future taxes, duties or governmental charges of any 
nature whatsoever imposed, levied or collected by or in or on behalf of any jurisdiction 
from or through which payment on the Notes is made or in which the Issuer is organised 
or otherwise considered to be resident or conducts business for tax purposes (each, a 
"Relevant Tax Jurisdiction") or by or on behalf of any political subdivision or 
authority of a Relevant Tax Jurisdiction or therein having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. 
 
 
If such withholding or deduction is required by law, the Issuer shall pay such additional 
amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Holders 
after such withholding or deduction each shall equal the respective amounts which 
would otherwise have been receivable in the absence of such withholding or deduction 
(the "Additional Amounts"). Such Additional Amounts shall, however, not be payable 
on account of taxes, duties or governmental charges which 
 
 
(a) 
are to be withheld or deducted by any person acting as custodian bank or 
collecting agent of the Holder, or otherwise payable in any manner other than by 
a withholding or deduction by the Issuer, as the case may be, from payments made 
by it; or 
 
 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal or 
business connection with a Relevant Tax Jurisdiction and not merely by reason 
of the fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of taxation 
are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured in, a Relevant Tax 
Jurisdiction; or 
 
 
(c) 
are withheld or deducted pursuant to (i) any European Union directive or 
regulation concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international 
treaty or understanding relating to such taxation and to which the Relevant Tax 
Jurisdiction or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any provision of law 
implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such directive, 
regulation, treaty or understanding; or 
 
 
(d) a Holder or a third party on its behalf could lawfully avoid (but has not so avoided) 
by complying or procuring that any third party acting on its behalf complies with 
any statutory requirements (in particular, the applicable information and reporting 
requirements concerning the nationality, residence or identity of the Holder) or 
by making or procuring that any such third party makes a declaration of residence 
in the respective country of tax residence or other claim for exemption to any tax 
authority or by arranging for payment to be made by another paying agent; or 
 
 
(e) 
are payable by reason of a change in law or practice that becomes effective more 
than 30 days after the relevant payment becomes due, or is duly provided for and 
notice thereof is published in accordance with § [13], whichever occurs later; or

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
 
 
(f) 
are payable by reason of the Holder residing in a non-cooperative state or territory 
as defined in the German Defense Against Tax Haven Act (Gesetz zur Abwehr 
von Steuervermeidung und unfairem Steuerwettbewerb) of June 25, 2021, as 
amended from time to time (including any ordinance enacted based on this law), 
or 
 
 
(g) are withheld or deducted by a paying agent from a payment if the payment could 
have been made by another paying agent without such withholding or deduction. 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt: The (withholding) tax on capital investment income 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) currently levied in the Federal Republic of Germany pursuant to 
§§ 43 et seq. of the German Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz - EStG), the 
solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) thereon and, if applicable, church tax 
(Kirchensteuer), shall not constitute a tax or duty for which Additional Amounts would 
have to paid. 
 
 
(2) FATCA. The Issuer is authorised to withhold or deduct from amounts payable under 
the Notes to a Holder or beneficial owner of the Notes sufficient funds for the payment 
of any amount that it is required to withhold or deduct pursuant to (a) sections 1471 to 
1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and any associated regulations or other 
official guidance (the "U.S. Provisions"); (b) any treaty, law, regulation or other 
official guidance enacted in any other country which facilitates the implementation of 
the U.S. Provisions (the "Foreign Provisions"); (c) any intergovernmental agreement 
between the United States and any other country which facilitates the implementation 
of the U.S. Provisions (an "Intergovernmental Agreement"); or (d) any agreement 
regarding the implementation of the U.S. Provisions, the Foreign Provisions and any 
Intergovernmental Agreement entered into by the Issuer, a paying agent or an 
intermediary with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, the U.S. government or any 
governmental or tax authority in any other country (together with the U.S. Provisions, 
Foreign Provisions and any Intergovernmental Agreement, "FATCA"). The Issuer will 
not be required to make any payment of additional amounts or indemnify any Holder 
for or on account of any amount withheld or deducted by the Issuer or an intermediary 
in compliance with FATCA. 
 
 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
 
 
The presentation period provided in § 801 (1), sentence 1 BGB (German Civil Code) 
is reduced to ten years for the Notes.  
 
 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
 
(1) Events of Default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare its Notes due and demand 
immediate redemption thereof at the Final Redemption Amount, together with accrued 
interest (if any) to, but excluding, the date of redemption, in the event that 
 
 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest under the Notes within 10 days from 
the relevant due date, or 
 
 
(b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation arising from the Notes which 
failure continues for more than 45 days after the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent has 
received notice thereof from a Holder, or 
 
 
(c) 
(i) any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its respective Material 
Subsidiaries (other than any Financial Indebtedness owed to any Subsidiary of 
the Issuer) is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any originally 
applicable grace period, or (ii) any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
its respective Material Subsidiaries (other than any Financial Indebtedness owed 
to any Subsidiary of the Issuer) is declared to be due and payable prior to its 
specified maturity for reason of the occurrence of an event of default (howsoever 
defined), provided that in each case that the relevant aggregate amount of all such 
Financial Indebtedness in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned 
above in this subparagraph (c) has or have occurred equals or exceeds EUR 
50,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency and such default continues for 
more than 30 days after the Issuer has received notice thereof from a Holder 
through the Fiscal Agent. This subparagraph (c) shall not apply, where the Issuer 
or any of its respective Material Subsidiaries contests its relevant payment 
obligation in good faith; or 
 
 
(d) the Issuer suspends making payments on its debt generally or announces its 
inability to pay its debts generally as they fall due, or 
 
 
(e) 
a competent court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer which have 
not been dismissed or stayed within 60 days after the commencement thereof, or 
the Issuer institutes such proceedings, or 
 
 
(f) 
the Issuer is wound up, unless this is effected in connection with a merger or 
another form of amalgamation with another company or in connection with a 
restructuring, and the other or the new company assumes all obligations of the 
Issuer arising in connection with the Notes; or 
 
 
(g) any law, governmental order, decree or enactment will enter into force in the 
Federal Republic of Germany whereby the Issuer is prevented from performing 
its material obligations as set forth in these Conditions to an extent which is 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Holders taken as a whole under the 
Notes and this situation is not cured within 90 days from the date the relevant law, 
governmental order, decree or enactment has become effective on the Issuer (each 
of the events set out in subparagraphs (a) to (g), an "Event of Default"). 
 
 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has been 
cured before the right is exercised. 
 
 
In the case of subparagraphs (b) or (c) above, any notice declaring Notes due shall, 
unless at the time such notice is received, any of the events specified in subparagraphs 
(a) and (d) through (g) above entitling Holders to declare their Notes due has occurred, 
become effective only when the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent has received such notices 
from Holders of at least 25% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of this 
Series or, if this is less, 25% of the aggregate principal amount of all Notes of this 
Series then outstanding. 
 
 
"Financial Indebtedness" means without double counting (i) any Capital Market 
Indebtedness (as defined in § 2) and (ii) any indebtedness in respect of the disbursed 
principal amount of all moneys borrowed from banks or as promissory note loans 
(Schuldscheindarlehen). 
 
 
(2) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring Notes due in accordance with 
this § 9, shall be made in accordance with § [13] ([]) (Form of Notice to Be Given by 
any Holder). 
 
 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer (or the Substitute Debtor) may, without the consent of the 
Holders, if no payment of principal of or interest on or any other amount in respect of 
the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for the Issuer any affiliate of the Issuer

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
within the meaning of Section 15 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) 
as principal debtor (the "Substitute Debtor") in respect of all obligations arising from 
or in connection with the Notes, provided that: 
 
 
(a) 
the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
 
 
(b) the Substitute Debtor has obtained all necessary governmental authorisations and 
may transfer to the Fiscal Agent in the currency required hereunder and without 
being obligated to withhold or deduct any taxes or other duties of whatever nature 
levied by the country in which the Substitute Debtor or the Issuer has its domicile 
or tax residence, all amounts required for the fulfilment of the payment 
obligations arising under the Notes; 
 
 
(c) 
the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each Holder 
against any withholding tax, duty or governmental charge imposed on such 
Holder in respect of such substitution;  
 
 
(d) the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees in favour of each Holder 
the payment of all sums payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes; 
and 
 
 
(e) 
there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent one opinion for each 
jurisdiction affected of lawyers of recognised standing to the effect that the 
conditions contained in subparagraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) above have been 
satisfied. 
 
 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be published in accordance with § [13]. 
Upon publication of such notice and provided that the requirements pursuant to § 10 
(1) have been fulfilled, the substitution shall take effect and the Issuer shall be 
authorised to amend the Global Note[s] and these Conditions to the extent necessary 
to reflect the changes resulting from the substitution, and the appropriately amended 
Global Note[s] and Conditions will be deposited with or on behalf of the Clearing 
System. 
 
 
(3) Change of References. In the event of any such substitution, any reference in these 
Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the Substitute Debtor 
and any reference to the country in which the Issuer is domiciled or resident for taxation 
purposes shall from then on be deemed to refer to the country of domicile or residence 
for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor. Furthermore, in the event of such 
substitution an alternative reference to the Federal Republic of Germany shall be 
deemed to have been included in § 5 (2) and § 7 in addition to the reference according 
to the preceding sentence to the country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes 
of the Substitute Debtor and in § 9 (1) (c) to (f) an alternative reference to the Issuer in 
its capacity as guarantor shall be deemed to have been included in addition to the 
reference to the Substitute Debtor. 
In case the 
provisions of the 
German Act on 
Debt Securities 
regarding the 
amendment of 
terms and 
conditions and the 
appointment of a 
holders' 
representative 
 
[§ 11 
AMENDMENT OF THE CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE 
 
(1) Amendment of the Conditions. In accordance with the German Act on Debt 
Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG") 
the Holders may agree with the Issuer on amendments of these Conditions with regard 
to matters permitted by the SchVG by resolution with the majority specified in 
paragraph (2). Majority resolutions of the Holders shall be binding on all Holders alike. 
A majority resolution of the Holders which does not provide for identical conditions 
for all Holders is void, unless Holders who are disadvantaged have expressly consented 
to their being treated disadvantageously.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
shall apply, the 
following applies 
 
 
(2) Majority Requirements. Resolutions relating to material amendments of the 
Conditions, in particular consents to the measures set out in § 5 (3) of the SchVG shall 
be passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent. (Qualified Majority) of the votes 
cast. Resolutions relating to amendments of the Conditions which are not material 
require a simple majority of the votes cast. The voting right is suspended as long as 
any Notes are attributable to the Issuer or any of its affiliates (within the meaning of § 
271 (2) of the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) or are being held for 
the account of the Issuer or any of its affiliates.  
 
 
(3) Vote without a Meeting. All votes will be taken exclusively by vote taken without 
a meeting. A meeting of Holders and the assumption of the fees by the Issuer for such 
a meeting will only take place in the circumstances of § 18 (4), sentence 2 SchVG. 
 
 
(4) Chair of the Vote. The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, 
if the Holders' Representative has convened the vote, by the Holders' Representative. 
 
 
(5) Voting Rights. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast its vote in accordance 
with the nominal amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the outstanding 
Notes. 
 
 
(6) Holders' Representative. 
 
 
[In case no Holders' Representative is designated in the Conditions, the following 
applies: The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a common representative (the 
"Holders' Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on behalf of each Holder.] 
 
 
[In case the Holders' Representative is appointed in the Conditions, the following 
applies: The common representative (the "Holders' Representative") shall be []. 
The liability of the Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten times the amount of 
its annual remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative has acted willfully or with 
gross negligence.] 
 
 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or 
granted by majority resolution of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall 
comply with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the Holders' 
Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, the Holders 
shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in 
the relevant majority resolution. The Holders' Representative shall provide reports to 
the Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply with regard to the 
recall and the other rights and obligations of the Holders' Representative. 
(7) Notice. Any notices concerning this § 11 will be published exclusively in 
accordance with the provisions of the SchVG.] 
 
 
§ [12] 
FURTHER ISSUES OF NOTES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
 
 
(1) Further Issues of Notes. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of 
the Holders, issue further Notes having the same terms as these Notes in all respects 
(except for, as applicable. the date of issue, interest commencement date, first interest 
payment date and issue price) so as to be consolidated and form a single series (the 
"Series") with these Notes and increase the outstanding aggregate principal amount of 
these Notes.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
 
 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer and any of its affiliates may at any time purchase Notes in 
the open market or otherwise and at any price. Notes so purchased may, at the option 
of the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation.  
 
 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not 
be reissued or resold. 
 
 
§ [13] 
NOTICES 
In case of Notes 
which are admitted 
to trading on the 
regulated market 
of a stock exchange 
the following 
applies 
 
[(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes shall be published in the Federal 
Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) and if required by law, in such other media as determined 
by law. [In case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following applies: If and for so long as the Notes 
are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, all notices concerning the 
Notes shall also be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).] Any notice so given shall be deemed to have been 
validly given to the Holders on the third day following the date of such publication (or, 
if published more than once, on the third day following the date of the first such 
publication). 
 
 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as the Notes are held in their entirety by 
or on behalf of the Clearing System and, if the publication of notices pursuant to 
paragraph (1) is no longer required by law, the Issuer may, in lieu of publication in the 
media set forth in paragraph (1), deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System, for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any notice so given shall be 
deemed to have been validly given to the Holders on the seventh day following the date 
on which such notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
In case of Notes 
which are not 
admitted to 
trading on the 
regulated market 
of a stock exchange 
the following 
applies 
 
[(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the 
Notes to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the seventh 
day following the date on which such notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
 
([]) Form of Notice to Be Given by any Holder. Unless stipulated differently in these 
Conditions or required differently by law, notices regarding the Notes which are to be 
given by any Holder to the Issuer shall be validly given if delivered in text form 
(Textform) in the German or English language to the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent (for 
onward delivery to the Issuer) and by hand or mail. The Holder shall provide evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer of its holding of the Notes. Such evidence may be (i) in the 
form of a certification from the Clearing System or the Custodian (as defined below) 
with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes that such 
Holder is, at the time such notice is given, the Holder of the relevant Notes, or (ii) in 
any other appropriate manner. 
 
 
§ [14] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION, PLACE OF 
PERFORMANCE AND ENFORCEMENT 
 
 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations 
of the Holders and the Issuer, shall in all respects be governed by German law.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
 
 
(2) Place of Jurisdiction. The courts in Munich, Federal Republic of Germany shall 
have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings 
("Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with the Notes [In case the provisions 
of the SchVG shall apply the following applies:, subject to any mandatory 
jurisdiction for specific proceedings under the SchVG]. 
 
 
(3) Place of Performance. Place of performance shall be Frankfurt am Main, Federal 
Republic of Germany. 
 
 
(4) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or 
to which such Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own name its 
rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian 
with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes (a) 
stating the full name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes credited to such securities account on the date of such statement 
and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b), and (ii) a copy of the Global Note 
certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the Clearing System or a 
depository of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such Proceedings 
of the actual records or the Global Note representing the Notes. For purposes of the 
foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution of recognised 
standing authorised to engage in securities custody business with which the Holder 
maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes and includes the Clearing System. 
Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce its rights 
under these Notes also in any other way which is permitted under procedural law in the 
country of the Proceedings. 
 
 
§ [15] 
LANGUAGE 
In case the 
Conditions shall be 
in the German 
language with an 
English language 
translation the 
following applies 
 
[These Conditions are written in the German language and provided with an English 
language translation. The German text shall be binding and prevailing. The English 
language translation shall be non-binding.] 
In case the 
Conditions shall be 
in the English 
language with a 
German language 
translation the 
following applies 
 
[These Conditions are written in the English language and provided with a German 
language translation. The English text shall be binding and prevailing. The German 
language translation shall be non-binding.] 
In case the 
Conditions shall be 
in the English 
language only the 
following applies 
 
[These Conditions are written in the English language only.]

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION 
(DEUTSCHE FASSUNG DER EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN DER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN) 
 
Einführung 
 
Die Emissionsbedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen (die "Bedingungen") sind 
nachfolgend in zwei Optionen aufgeführt: 
 
 
"Option I" umfasst den Satz an Bedingungen, der auf Tranchen von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
 
 
"Option II" umfasst den Satz an Bedingungen, der auf Tranchen von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
 
 
Jeder Satz an Bedingungen enthält bestimmte weitere Optionen, die durch Instruktionen 
und Erklärungen entweder links von dem Satz an Bedingungen oder in eckigen 
Klammern innerhalb des Satzes an Bedingungen gekennzeichnet sind. 
 
 
In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die Emittentin festlegen, ob Option I oder Option 
II (einschließlich der jeweils in diesen Optionen enthaltenen weiteren Optionen) für die 
jeweilige Emission von Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung findet, indem entweder die 
maßgeblichen Angaben dieser Option wiederholt werden oder auf die maßgeblichen 
Bestimmungen dieser Option verwiesen wird. 
 
 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung dieses Prospekts keine Kenntnis von 
bestimmten Angaben hatte, die auf eine einzelne Emission von Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar sind, enthält dieser Prospekt Platzhalter in eckigen Klammern, die die 
maßgeblichen durch die Endgültigen Bedingungen zu vervollständigenden Angaben 
enthalten. 
Im Fall, dass die 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen, die 
für eine einzelne 
Emission 
anwendbar 
sind, 
nur 
auf 
die 
weiteren Optionen 
verweisen, die in 
Option 
I 
oder 
Option 
II 
enthalten sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Bestimmungen dieser Bedingungen gelten für diese Schuldverschreibungen so, 
wie sie durch die Angaben der beigefügten endgültigen Bedingungen (die 
"Endgültigen Bedingungen") vervollständigt werden. Die Leerstellen in den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen dieser Bedingungen gelten als 
durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die 
Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären; 
alternative oder wählbare Bestimmungen dieser Bedingungen, deren Entsprechungen 
in den Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen sind, gelten als 
aus diesen Bedingungen gestrichen; sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen nicht 
anwendbaren Bestimmungen dieser Bedingungen (einschließlich der Anweisungen, 
Anmerkungen und der Texte in eckigen Klammern) gelten als aus diesen Bedingungen 
gestrichen, so dass die Bestimmungen der Endgültigen Bedingungen Geltung erhalten. 
Kopien der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind kostenlos bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle und bei der Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Emittentin 
erhältlich; bei nicht an einer Börse notierten Schuldverschreibungen sind Kopien der 
betreffenden Endgültigen Bedingungen allerdings ausschließlich für die Gläubiger 
solcher Schuldverschreibungen erhältlich.] 
 
 
OPTION I – Bedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung 
 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN 
 
 
(1) 
Währung, 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") der ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE (die "Emittentin") werden 
in [festgelegte Währung] (die "festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag [Im

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
Fall, dass die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
(vorbehaltlich § 1 (4)] von [Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in 
Worten]) in einer Stückelung von [festgelegte Stückelung] (die "festgelegte 
Stückelung") begeben. 
 
 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber und sind durch eine oder 
mehrere Globalurkunden verbrieft (jeweils eine "Globalurkunde"). 
 
 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch gegen Dauerglobalurkunde. 
 
 
(a) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
(die "vorläufige Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten 
Stückelung, die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Der Zinszahlungsanspruch im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen wird durch die maßgebliche 
Dauerglobalurkunde mitverbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauerglobalurkunde werden jeweils von oder im Namen der Emittentin 
unterschrieben und sind jeweils von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit 
einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
 
 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an einem Tag gegen die Dauerglobalurkunde 
in der in dem vorstehenden Unterabsatz (a) vorgesehenen Form und unter den 
dort aufgestellten Voraussetzungen ausgetauscht, der nicht weniger als 40 Tage 
nach dem Ausgabetag (wie in § 3 (1) definiert) der vorläufigen Globalurkunde 
liegt. Ein solcher Austausch darf nur in dem Umfang erfolgen, in dem 
Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. Steuerrecht vorgelegt werden, denen zufolge der 
oder die wirtschaftliche(n) Eigentümer der durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Personen ist (sind) (ausgenommen 
bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute 
oder 
bestimmte 
Person(en), 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten). Zinszahlungen auf 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen 
erst nach Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist 
hinsichtlich einer jeden solchen Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, 
die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem Ausgabetag der vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese vorläufige 
Globalurkunde gemäß diesem Unterabsatz (b) von § 1 (3) auszutauschen. 
Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, 
sind nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten zu liefern. Für die Zwecke dieser 
Bedingungen bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von 
Amerika (einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie 
deren Territorien (die Puerto Rico, die U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana Islands umfassen). 
 
 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Globalurkunde, die die Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft, wird 
von einem oder für ein Clearingsystem verwahrt. "Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Im Fall 
von mehr als einem Clearingsystem ist Folgendes anwendbar: jeweils] Folgendes: 
[Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 
Luxembourg, Großherzogtum Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien ("Euroclear")] [(CBL und 
Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs")] sowie jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, 
die 
im 
Namen der ICSDs 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer New Global Note ("NGN") 
ausgegeben und von einem common safekeeper im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
verwahrt werden, 
und 
falls 
die 
Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen die Register zu 
verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind ein schlüssiger Nachweis des Gesamtnennbetrags 
der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu diesem 
Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Betrag der so 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist ein schlüssiger Nachweis des Inhalts des 
Registers des betreffenden ICSD zu dem fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
Bei 
einer 
Rückzahlung 
auf 
die 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. beim Kauf und der Entwertung der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass die 
Einzelheiten der Rückzahlung oder des Kaufs und der Entwertung bezüglich der 
Globalurkunde pro rata in die Register der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und nach dieser 
Eintragung wird der gesamte Nennbetrag der zurückgezahlten bzw. gekauften und 
entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register der 
ICSDs eingetragenen und durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen 
abgezogen. 
[Im Fall einer vorläufigen Globalurkunde, die eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Bei Austausch nur eines Teils von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die 
Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs pro rata in die Register der ICSDs eingetragen 
werden.]] 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, 
die 
im 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden, 
und 
falls 
die 
Globalurkunde 
eine CGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer Classical Global Note ("CGN") 
ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle (common depositary) im 
Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
 
 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen vergleichbaren Rechts an der Globalurkunde, der 
bzw. das in Übereinstimmung mit den Bestimmungen des Clearingsystems auf einen 
neuen Gläubiger übertragen werden kann. 
 
 
(6) Geschäftstag. In diesen Bedingungen bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" einen Tag (außer 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem [Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
[sämtliche relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen] Zahlungen abwickeln und für den 
allgemeinen Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich des Handels in Devisen und 
Fremdwährungseinlagen) geöffnet sind] [[und] das Trans-European Automated Real-
time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") geöffnet ist]. 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
 
 
(1) Status der Schuldverschreibungen. Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht 
besicherte und nicht nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die untereinander 
und mit allen anderen nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin gleichrangig sind, mit Ausnahme solcher Verbindlichkeiten, die nach 
geltenden Rechtsvorschriften vorrangig sind.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
 
 
(2) Negativverpflichtung der Emittentin. Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle 
Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen, die gemäß den Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlen sind, 
der Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung gestellt worden sind, keine Grund- und 
Mobiliarpfandrechte, sonstige Pfandrechte oder sonstige dingliche Sicherungsrechte 
(jeweils ein "Sicherungsrecht") in Bezug auf ihr gesamtes Vermögen oder Teile davon 
zur Besicherung von Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten (wie nachstehend definiert) zu 
bestellen oder fortbestehen zu lassen, und zu veranlassen (es sei denn, dies ist rechtlich 
nicht möglich oder unzulässig), dass keine ihrer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften 
(wie nachstehend definiert) Sicherungsrechte für Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten in 
Bezug auf ihr Vermögen gewähren, ohne jeweils gleichzeitig die Gläubiger 
gleichrangig an einem solchen Sicherungsrecht zu beteiligen oder ihnen ein 
gleichwertiges Sicherungsrecht zu gewähren. 
 
 
Diese Verpflichtung findet keine Anwendung auf Sicherungsrechte, die 
 
 
(i) 
nach gesetzlichen Bestimmungen gewährt werden müssen, oder 
 
 
(ii) als Voraussetzung für behördliche oder staatliche Genehmigungen oder 
Erlaubnisse verlangt werden, oder 
 
 
(iii) am Ausgabetag dieser Schuldverschreibungen bestehen, oder 
 
 
(iv) von einer Tochtergesellschaft (wie nachstehend definiert) der Emittentin für 
Forderungen bestellt werden, die dieser Tochtergesellschaft aufgrund der 
Weiterleitung von aus dem Verkauf von Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten erzielten 
Erlösen gegen die Emittentin oder ihre Tochtergesellschaften oder sonstige Dritte 
gegenwärtig oder zukünftig zustehen, sofern solche Sicherheiten der Besicherung 
von Verpflichtungen aus den jeweiligen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten dieser 
Tochtergesellschaft dienen, oder 
 
 
(v) zum Zeitpunkt des Erwerbs von Vermögenswerten bereits an solchen 
Vermögenswerten 
bestehen, 
soweit 
solche 
Sicherungsrechte 
nicht 
in 
Zusammenhang mit dem Erwerb oder der Erwartung des Erwerbs des jeweiligen 
Vermögenswertes bestellt wurden und der durch das Sicherungsrecht besicherte 
Betrag nicht nach Erwerb des betreffenden Vermögenswertes erhöht wird, oder  
 
 
(vi) an Vermögenswerten eines Unternehmens bestehen, das Mitglied der Gruppe 
wird, soweit das betreffende Sicherungsrecht vor dem Tag bestellt wurde, an dem 
das betreffende Unternehmen Mitglied der Gruppe wird, und soweit solche 
Sicherungsrechte nicht in Erwartung des Erwerbs des jeweiligen Unternehmens 
bestellt wurden und der durch das Sicherungsrecht besicherte Betrag nicht in 
Erwartung des Erwerbs oder seit dem Erwerb des jeweiligen Unternehmens 
erhöht worden ist, oder 
 
 
(vii) der Erneuerung, Verlängerung oder Ersetzung von Sicherheiten gemäß den 
vorstehenden Absätzen (i) bis (vi) dienen, oder 
 
 
(viii) im Zusammenhang mit Asset-Backed-Finanzierungen oder anderen ähnlichen 
Instrumenten, die mit der Finanzierung eines konkret bestimmten Pools von 
Vermögenswerten 
verbunden 
sind, 
bei 
der 
die 
Gläubiger 
der 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
lediglich 
auf 
den 
bestimmten 
Pool 
von 
Vermögenswerten sowie auf die spezifischen Zahlungsströme aus diesen 
Vermögenswerten Rückgriff nehmen können, von der Emittentin oder einer ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften gewährt werden, bis zu einer Höhe von insgesamt EUR 
100.000.000 (oder dem entsprechenden Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung), 
oder

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
 
 
(ix) nicht in den Anwendungsbereich der vorstehenden Absätze (i) bis (viii) fallen und 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten mit einem Nennbetrag besichern, der (zusammen 
mit dem Nennbetrag anderer Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten, für die (von der 
Emittentin oder einer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft gestellte) Sicherheiten 
bestehen, die nicht in den Anwendungsbereich der vorstehenden Absätze (i) bis 
(viii) fallen) einen Betrag von EUR 200.000.000 (oder den entsprechenden 
Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung) nicht übersteigt. 
 
 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" bezeichnet jede bestehende oder zukünftige 
Verbindlichkeit (gleich ob Kapital, Aufgeld, Zinsen oder andere Beträge) bezüglich 
Geldaufnahmen in Form von, oder verbrieft durch, Schuldverschreibungen, Anleihen 
oder ähnliche Wertpapiere, sofern sie an einer Börse oder einem anderen anerkannten 
und regulierten Wertpapiermarkt notiert sind oder gehandelt werden oder werden 
können. 
 
 
"Gruppe" bezeichnet die Emittentin und ihre jeweiligen Tochtergesellschaften. 
 
 
"Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine Person, jede Kapitalgesellschaft, 
rechtliche Einheit oder Personengesellschaft, die direkt oder indirekt von dieser Person 
kontrolliert wird. "Kontrolle" bedeutet für diesen Zweck das direkte oder indirekte 
Eigentum an der Mehrheit des stimmberechtigten Gesellschaftskapitals einer solchen 
rechtlichen Einheit, das Recht oder die Fähigkeit, die Zusammensetzung einer 
Mehrheit des Vorstands (oder eines ähnlichen Gremiums) einer solchen rechtlichen 
Einheit zu bestimmen, oder das Recht oder die Fähigkeit, die Leitung und die 
Angelegenheiten einer solchen rechtlichen Einheit zu leiten, jeweils unabhängig davon, 
ob aufgrund des Eigentums am Gesellschaftskapital, eines Vertrages oder anderweitig. 
"Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet jede direkte oder indirekte 
Tochtergesellschaft der Emittentin, deren Ergebnis vor Finanzergebnis, Ertragssteuern, 
Abschreibungen, Wertminderungen und außerordentlichen Aufwendungen oder 
Erträgen 
(berechnet 
auf 
derselben 
Grundlage 
wie 
EBITDA) 
nach 
Konsolidierungsmaßnahmen 
oder 
deren 
Bilanzsumme 
nach 
Konsolidierungsmaßnahmen 
7,5 % 
des 
konsolidierten 
EBITDA 
oder 
der 
konsolidierten Bilanzsumme der Emittentin übersteigt, so wie es bei dem letzten 
geprüften Konzernabschluss der Emittentin und auf der Grundlage der für das jeweilige 
Geschäftsjahr der jeweiligen Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft verfügbaren Daten, die 
für Zwecke der Konsolidierung genutzt wurden, festgestellt wurde. Stehen solche 
Daten für eine neu erworbene Tochtergesellschaft nicht zur Verfügung, ist auf den 
letzten (ggf. geprüften) Jahresabschluss dieser neu erworbenen Tochtergesellschaft 
abzustellen. 
 
 
"EBITDA" 
bezeichnet 
das 
Ergebnis 
vor 
Finanzergebnis, 
Ertragssteuern, 
Abschreibungen, Wertminderungen und außerordentlichen Aufwendungen oder 
Erträgen. 
 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
 
 
(1) Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden auf der 
Grundlage ihres ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] (der "Ausgabetag" oder der "Verzinsungsbeginn") 
(einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 (1) definiert) (ausschließlich) mit 
[Zinssatz einfügen] % per annum (der "Zinssatz"). Die Zinsen sind [Im Fall, dass es 
mehr als einen Zinszahlungstag gibt, ist Folgendes anwendbar: [halbjährlich] 
[jährlich]] im Nachhinein am [Zinszahlungstag(e) einfügen] [Im Fall, dass es 
Zinszahlungstage in mehr als einem Jahr gibt, ist Folgendes anwendbar: eines 
jeden Jahres] zahlbar ([Im Fall, dass es mehr als einen Zinszahlungstag gibt, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: jeweils ein] [Im Fall, dass es nur einen Zinszahlungstag 
gibt, ist Folgendes anwendbar: der] "Zinszahlungstag"). [Im Fall, dass es mehr als

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
einen Zinszahlungstag gibt, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Die erste Zinszahlung erfolgt 
am [ersten Zinszahlungstag einfügen] und die letzte Zinszahlung erfolgt am [letzten 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen].] An [Im Fall, dass es mehr als einen Zinszahlungstag 
gibt, ist Folgendes anwendbar: jedem] [Im Fall, dass es nur einen Zinszahlungstag 
gibt, ist Folgendes anwendbar: dem] Zinszahlungstag [Im Fall einer kurzen oder 
langen ersten Zinsperiode ist Folgendes anwendbar: mit Ausnahme des 
Zinszahlungstags, der auf den [ersten Zinszahlungstag einfügen] (der "erste 
Zinszahlungstag") fällt,] [Im Fall einer kurzen oder langen letzten Zinsperiode ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: [und] mit Ausnahme des Zinszahlungstags, der auf den 
[letzten Zinszahlungstag einfügen] (der "letzte Zinszahlungstag") fällt,] werden 
Zinsen in Höhe von [Zinsbetrag je Schuldverschreibung in der festgelegten 
Stückelung einfügen] je Schuldverschreibung in der festgelegten Stückelung gezahlt. 
[Im Fall einer kurzen oder langen ersten Zinsperiode ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
An dem ersten Zinszahlungstag wird ein anfänglicher Bruchteilszinsbetrag in Höhe von 
[anfänglichen Bruchteilszinsbetrag je Schuldverschreibung in der festgelegten 
Stückelung einfügen] je Schuldverschreibung in der festgelegten Stückelung gezahlt. 
[Im Fall einer kurzen oder langen letzten Zinsperiode ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
An dem letzten Zinszahlungstag wird ein abschließender Bruchteilszinsbetrag in Höhe 
von [abschließenden Bruchteilszinsbetrag je Schuldverschreibung in der 
festgelegten Stückelung einfügen] je Schuldverschreibung in der festgelegten 
Stückelung 
gezahlt.] 
Zinszahlungstage 
unterliegen 
einer 
Anpassung 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit den in § 4 (4) enthaltenen Bestimmungen. 
 
 
(2) Verzugszinsen. Falls die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht 
einlöst, wird der ausstehende Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen vom Tag 
der Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) in Höhe des gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes für 
Verzugszinsen3 verzinst. 
 
 
(3) Berechnung des Zinsbetrags. Falls der auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlende 
Zinsbetrag für einen bestimmten Zeitraum zu berechnen ist (mit Ausnahme [des 
Zinsbetrags] [der Zinsbeträge], [der] [die] in Absatz (1) dieses § 3 aufgeführt [ist] 
[sind]), erfolgt die Berechnung des Zinsbetrags, indem der Zinssatz auf die festgelegte 
Stückelung angewendet wird, dieser Betrag mit dem Zinstagequotienten (wie 
nachstehend definiert) multipliziert und das hieraus resultierende Ergebnis auf die 
nächste Untereinheit der festgelegten Währung gerundet wird, wobei eine halbe 
Untereinheit aufgerundet wird oder die Rundung ansonsten gemäß der anwendbaren 
Marktkonvention erfolgt. 
 
 
(4) Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung 
eines Zinsbetrags auf eine Schuldverschreibung für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum") 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[1. falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum kürzer ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das 
Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, oder falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum der 
Feststellungsperiode entspricht, die Anzahl der Tage in dem betreffenden 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in der 
Feststellungsperiode und (2) der Anzahl der Feststellungstermine (wie nachstehend 
angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr; oder 
 
 
2. falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das 
Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, die Summe aus 
 
 
(1) der Anzahl der Tage in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, in welcher der Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt 
durch das Produkt aus (x) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser Feststellungsperiode und (y) 
                                                     
3  Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit 
veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
der Anzahl der Feststellungstermine (wie nachstehend angegeben) in einem 
Kalenderjahr; und 
 
 
(2) der Anzahl der Tage in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die nächste 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (x) der Anzahl der Tage in 
dieser Feststellungsperiode und (y) der Anzahl der Feststellungstermine (wie 
nachstehend angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr. 
 
 
"Feststellungsperiode" 
ist 
der 
Zeitraum 
von 
einem 
Feststellungstermin 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächsten Feststellungstermin (ausschließlich); dies schließt 
dann, wenn der Verzinsungsbeginn kein Feststellungstermin ist, den Zeitraum ein, der 
an dem ersten Feststellungstermin vor dem Verzinsungsbeginn beginnt, und dann, 
wenn der letzte Zinszahlungstag kein Feststellungstermin ist, den Zeitraum ein, der an 
dem ersten Feststellungstermin nach dem letzten Zinszahlungstag endet. 
 
 
Die 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstermine 
im 
Kalenderjahr 
(jeweils 
ein 
"Feststellungstermin") beträgt [Anzahl der regulären Zinszahlungstage im 
Kalenderjahr einfügen] (jeder [Datum einfügen]).] 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Actual/360 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
Im 
Fall 
von 
30/360, 
360/360 
oder Bond Basis ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu 
je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines Monats, während der erste Tag 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf den 30. noch auf den 31. Tag eines Monats 
fällt, wobei in diesem Fall der den letzten Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 
Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten Tag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu 
behandeln ist).] 
Im 
Fall 
von 
30E/360 
oder 
Eurobond Basis ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu 
je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei denn, der Fälligkeitstag ist, im Fall 
des letzten Zinsberechnungszeitraums, der letzte Tag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu 
behandeln ist).] 
 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
 
(1)(a) Zahlung von Kapital. Die Zahlung von Kapital in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) an das 
Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems gegen Vorlage und (außer im Fall von

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
Teilzahlungen) Einreichung der die Schuldverschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt der 
Zahlung verbriefenden Globalurkunde bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
 
 
(b) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) an das 
Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
 
 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden 
Absatzes (2) an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten 
der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems, und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer 
Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 (3) (b). 
 
 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher 
Regelungen 
und 
Vorschriften 
erfolgen 
zu 
leistende 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Währung. 
 
 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearingsystem 
oder dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
 
(4) Zahltag. Sofern der Fälligkeitstag für eine Zahlung in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen ansonsten auf einen Tag fiele, der kein Zahltag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) ist, so wird der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung auf den 
nächstfolgenden Tag verschoben, bei dem es sich um einen Zahltag handelt (Following 
Business Day Convention). 
 
 
"Zahltag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), (i) an dem das 
Clearingsystem geöffnet ist und (ii) [der ein Geschäftstag (wie in § 1 (6) definiert) ist] 
[an dem [Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche relevanten 
Finanzzentren einfügen] Zahlungen abwickeln und für den allgemeinen 
Geschäftsverkehr 
(einschließlich 
des 
Handels 
in 
Devisen 
und 
Fremdwährungseinlagen) geöffnet sind] [[und] [Im Fall, dass TARGET bereits 
definiert wurde, ist Folgendes anwendbar: TARGET] [Im Fall, dass TARGET 
noch nicht definiert wurde, ist Folgendes anwendbar: das Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") 
geöffnet ist]]]. 
 
 
Falls der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung von Zinsen (wie oben beschrieben) sich nach 
hinten verschiebt, wird der Zinsbetrag nicht entsprechend angepasst. 
Falls der Fälligkeitstag der Rückzahlung des Nennbetrags der Schuldverschreibungen 
angepasst wird, ist der Gläubiger nicht berechtigt, zusätzliche Zahlungen aufgrund 
dieser Anpassung zu verlangen. 
 
 
(5) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Bezugnahmen in diesen Bedingungen auf 
Kapital der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, die folgenden 
Beträge ein: den Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen (wie in § 5 (1) 
angegeben); den vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen (wie 
nachstehend angegeben); [Im Fall, dass die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) der 
Schuldverschreibungen (wie nachstehend angegeben);] [Im Fall, dass die Emittentin 
das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen zum Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Make Whole) vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: den Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Make Whole) der Schuldverschreibungen (wie nachstehend 
angegeben);] [Im Fall, dass der Gläubiger das Wahlrecht hat, die vorzeitige

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen zu verlangen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der Schuldverschreibungen (wie nachstehend 
angegeben;] sowie etwaige Aufgelder und sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge (außer Zinsen). Bezugnahmen in diesen 
Bedingungen auf Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, 
sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren Zusätzlichen Beträge (wie in § 7 definiert) ein. 
 
 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim 
Amtsgericht München Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von den 
Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem relevanten Fälligkeitstag 
beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger sich nicht im Annahmeverzug 
befinden. Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt und auf das Recht der Rücknahme 
verzichtet wird, erlöschen die Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibungen 
(vorbehaltlich einer Anpassung in Übereinstimmung mit den in § 4 (4) enthaltenen 
Bestimmungen) 
zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
am 
[Fälligkeitstag] 
(der 
"Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. Der "Rückzahlungsbetrag" in Bezug auf jede 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem [Im Fall, dass die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
ihrem 
Nennbetrag 
zurückgezahlt 
werden, 
einfügen: 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibung] [ansonsten den Festgelegten Rückzahlungsbetrag für die 
festgelegte Stückelung einfügen, der nicht niedriger als der Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibung sein darf]. 
 
 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen.  
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen jederzeit insgesamt, aber nicht teilweise zu ihrem 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis zu dem Rückzahlungstag 
(der "Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Tax Call)") (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückzahlen, falls die Emittentin bei der nächsten fälligen Zahlung auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen verpflichtet ist oder sein wird, Zusätzliche Beträge 
gemäß § 7 zu zahlen [Falls Alternative 1 anwendbar ist, einfügen: (und diese 
Verpflichtung nicht durch angemessene, der Emittentin zur Verfügung stehende 
Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann)], und zwar als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung der Gesetze und Vorschriften der Maßgeblichen Steuerjurisdiktion 
(wie in § 7 definiert) oder deren politischen Untergliederungen oder 
Steuerbehörden mit Auswirkungen auf die Besteuerung oder die Verpflichtung 
zur Leistung von Abgaben jedweder Art oder als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung der offiziellen Auslegung oder der Anwendung dieser Gesetze und 
Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt diese Änderung oder Ergänzung wird an oder nach 
dem Tag, an dem die erste Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben wird, wirksam), wobei eine solche Kündigung (i) nicht früher als 90 
Tage vor dem frühestmöglichen Termin erfolgen darf, an dem die Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
wäre, 
solche 
Zusätzlichen 
Beträge 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlen, falls zu diesem Zeitpunkt eine Zahlung fällig 
wäre oder (ii) nicht erfolgen darf, wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem die Kündigung 
erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von Zusätzlichen Beträgen nicht mehr 
wirksam ist. 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen mitzuteilen. Sie ist unwiderruflich 
und beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben:

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen;  
 
 
(ii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Tax Call); und 
(iii) eine zusammenfassende Erklärung, welche die das Rückzahlungsrecht der 
Emittentin begründenden Umstände darlegt.  
Im Fall, dass die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call). 
 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise an [dem] [den] Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag[en] (Call) zu [dem] [den] Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] 
[beträgen] (Call), wie nachstehend angegeben, zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum 
[maßgeblichen] Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückzahlen.  
 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e] (Call) 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
einfügen] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] [beträge] 
(Call) 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge (Call) einfügen] 
 
 
[Im Fall, dass der Gläubiger das Wahlrecht hat, die vorzeitige Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen zu verlangen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin 
steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren 
Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz ([]) 
dieses § 5 verlangt hat.] 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als [15] [andere Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen, die nicht weniger 
als 5 Tage betragen darf] Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen mitzuteilen. Sie 
ist unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie insgesamt oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird, 
und im letzteren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call); und 
 
 
(iv) den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call), 
zu 
dem 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
 
(c) 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln 
des 
relevanten 
Clearingsystems 
ausgewählt. 
[Im 
Fall, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung 
des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
 
 
 
Im 
Fall, 
dass 
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung nach 
 
[([4]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Make Whole).

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin (Make 
Whole) 
anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise an dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Make Whole) zum Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Make Whole) zusammen mit 
etwaigen bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Make Whole) (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
Der "Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Make Whole)" einer Schuldverschreibung 
wird von der Berechnungsstelle am Wahl-Rückzahlungsberechnungstag (Make 
Whole) berechnet und entspricht dem höheren der folgenden Beträge: 
 
 
(i) 
dem Nennbetrag der zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibung; und 
 
 
(ii)  dem Barwert. 
 
 
Der "Barwert" ist die Summe (gerundet auf die nächste Untereinheit der festgelegten 
Währung, wobei eine halbe Untereinheit aufgerundet wird oder die Rundung ansonsten 
gemäß der anwendbaren Marktkonvention erfolgt) aus: 
 
 
(i) dem Nennbetrag der zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibung, der ansonsten 
am Fälligkeitstag fällig wäre, abgezinst vom Fälligkeitstag bis zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Make Whole) auf Grundlage der Benchmark-Rendite 
zuzüglich eines Aufschlags von [] %; und 
 
 
(ii) allen in den Zeitraum nach dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Make Whole) bis 
zum Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich) fallenden vorgesehenen und noch 
ausstehenden Zinszahlungen hinsichtlich dieser Schuldverschreibung (zur 
Klarstellung: ohne Berücksichtigung der bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Make Whole) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen), jeweils abgezinst vom 
vorgesehenen Zinszahlungstag bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Make 
Whole) auf Grundlage der Benchmark-Rendite zuzüglich eines Aufschlags 
von [] %. 
 
 
Die Berechnungsstelle berechnet den Barwert unter Anwendung des in § 3 (4) 
angegebenen Zinstagequotienten. 
 
 
"Benchmark-Rendite" 
bezeichnet 
die 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
am 
Rückzahlungsberechnungstag (Make Whole) um oder gegen [Uhrzeit einfügen] 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen]) 
angezeigte 
Rendite 
der 
Referenzbenchmark. Wird diese Rendite nicht angezeigt und/oder ist die 
Bildschirmseite nicht verfügbar und/oder ist die Referenzbenchmark nicht mehr 
in Umlauf, jeweils zu dem betreffenden Zeitpunkt, so entspricht die Benchmark-
Rendite der Rendite eines von der Berechnungsstelle nach billigem Ermessen als 
Ersatzreferenz 
herangezogenen 
Benchmarkschuldtitels 
der 
[relevante 
Emittentin einfügen] mit einer der Restlaufzeit der Schuldverschreibungen bis 
zum Fälligkeitstag am ehesten entsprechenden Laufzeit, der zum Zeitpunkt der 
Auswahl durch die Berechnungsstelle nach den Gepflogenheiten des 
Finanzmarkts zur Preisfestsetzung neu zu begebender Unternehmensschuldtitel 
mit vergleichbarer Laufzeit bis zum Fälligkeitstag herangezogen würde. 
 
 
"Referenzbenchmark" 
bezeichnet 
den 
für 
die 
Preisfestsetzung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen herangezogene, auf [Währung einfügen] lautende, 
Benchmarkschuldtitel [der] [des] [relevante Emittentin einfügen], d. h. die 
[Beschreibung des relevanten Benchmarkschuldtitels einfügen] (ISIN 
[relevanten Benchmarkschuldtitel einfügen]). 
 
 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bezeichnet 
die 
[Bloomberg] 
[anderen 
relevanten 
Informationsanbieter einfügen]-Seite [[ISIN] Govt HP] [andere relevante 
Bildschirmseite einfügen] [([sofern anwendbar, Einstellung einfügen: unter 
Verwendung der Einstellung "[Last Yield to Convention] [andere Einstellung

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
einfügen]"] [sofern anwendbar, Preisquelle einfügen: [und][mit] der 
Preisquelle "[FRNK] [andere relevante Preisquelle einfügen]"])] oder eine 
andere Anzeigeseite, welche die Bildschirmseite bei dem von [relevanten 
Informationsanbieter einfügen] betriebenen Dienst gegebenenfalls ersetzt, 
oder, falls anwendbar, die Anzeigeseite eines anderen Anbieters, den die 
Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke der Anzeige der maßgeblichen Rendite nach 
billigem Ermessen als Ersatz-Informationsanbieter bestimmt. 
 
 
"Rückzahlungsberechnungstag 
(Make 
Whole)" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[fünfzehnten][] Tag vor dem Tag, an dem die Vorzeitige Kündigung gemäß § 
[13] als wirksam angesehen wird, oder, sofern der [fünfzehnte][] Tag kein 
Zahltag ist, den Zahltag, der unmittelbar vor dem fünfzehnten Tag liegt. 
 
 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Make Whole)" bezeichnet den in der Vorzeitigen 
Kündigung für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Tag. 
 
 
[Im Fall, dass der Gläubiger das Wahlrecht hat, die vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
der Schuldverschreibungen zu verlangen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Der 
Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung 
zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach 
Absatz ([]) dieses § 5 verlangt hat.] 
 
 
(b) Die vorzeitige Kündigung (die "Vorzeitige Kündigung") ist von der Emittentin 
gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mit 
einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 
Tagen mitzuteilen [Im Fall, dass die Emittentin ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen ([Two] [Three] [] Months 
Par Call), ist Folgendes anwendbar: , vorausgesetzt der Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Make Whole) fällt nicht in den Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraum ([Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) 
anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) 
anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Three] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin ([] Months Par Call) anwendbar 
ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: []] Months Par Call)]. Sie ist unwiderruflich und 
beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie insgesamt oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird 
und im letzteren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen;  
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Make Whole); und 
(iv) den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Make 
Whole), 
zu 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
 
(c) 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln 
des 
relevanten 
Clearingsystems 
ausgewählt. 
[Im 
Fall, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung 
des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
 
 
 
Im 
Fall, 
dass 
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung nach 
Wahl 
der 
 
[([5]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin ([Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, 
ist Folgendes anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach 
Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
Emittentin ([Two] 
[Three] 
[] 
Months Par Call) 
anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
anwendbar: Three] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin ([] Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
[]] Months Par Call). 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt, aber nicht teilweise innerhalb des Wahl- 
Rückzahlungszeitraums ([Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Three] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin ([] Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
[]] Months Par Call) am Wahl-Rückzahlungstag ([Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) anwendbar 
ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Three] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach 
Wahl der Emittentin ([] Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: []] Months Par Call) zum Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger 
bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag ([Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach 
Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Three] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin ([] Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
[]] Months Par Call) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen.  
 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraum ([Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach 
Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Three] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin ([] Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
[]] Months Par Call)" bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem Tag (einschließlich), 
der [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two 
Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: zwei] [Im Fall, 
dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par 
Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: drei] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin ([] Months Par Call) anwendbar 
ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: []] Monate vor dem Fälligkeitstag liegt, bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich). 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen mitzuteilen. Sie ist 
unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) den Tag innerhalb des Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraums ([Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par 
Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par 
Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Three] [Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin ([] Months Par 
Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: []] Months Par Call), an 
dem die Rückzahlung erfolgen wird (der "Wahl-Rückzahlungstag ([Im Fall, 
dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months 
Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Three] [Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin ([] Months Par 
Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: []] Months Par Call)").]  
 
 
[Im Fall, dass der Gläubiger das Wahlrecht hat, die vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
der Schuldverschreibungen zu verlangen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Der 
Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung 
zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach 
Absatz ([]) dieses § 5 verlangt hat.] 
Im 
Fall, 
dass 
vorzeitige 
Rück-
zahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin 
(geringer 
ausstehender 
Gesamtnennbe-
trag der Schuld-
verschreibungen) 
anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[([6]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei geringem ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen.  
(a) 
Falls die Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen von 80 % oder mehr des 
Gesamtnennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt 
oder 
zurückgekauft hat, kann die Emittentin, nachdem sie gemäß Unterabsatz (b) 
gekündigt hat, die übrigen Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt, aber nicht teilweise 
am Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (geringer ausstehender Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen) kündigen und zum Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich 
etwaiger 
bis 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(geringer 
ausstehender 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
 
 
[Im Fall, dass der Gläubiger das Wahlrecht hat, die vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
der Schuldverschreibungen zu verlangen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Der 
Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung 
zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach 
Absatz ([]) dieses § 5 verlangt hat.] 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen mitzuteilen. Sie ist 
unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) den Tag, an dem die Rückzahlung erfolgen wird (der "Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(geringer 
ausstehender 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen)").]  
Im Fall, dass der 
Gläubiger 
das 
Wahlrecht hat, die 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen 
zu 
verlangen, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[([7]) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl eines Gläubigers (Put). 
(a) 
Die Emittentin wird nach Ausübung des maßgeblichen Wahlrechts durch den 
Gläubiger 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung 
gemäß 
Unterabsatz 
(b) 
diese 
Schuldverschreibung insgesamt, aber nicht teilweise an [dem] [den] Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag[en] (Put) zu [dem] [den] Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] 
[beträgen] (Put), wie nachstehend angegeben, zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen.  
 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e] (Put) 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
einfügen] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] [beträge] 
(Put) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge 
(Put) einfügen]

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
 
 
[Im Fall, dass die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Dem Gläubiger steht 
dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, für die bereits 
die Emittentin eines ihrer Wahlrechte zur Rückzahlung nach diesem § 5 ausgeübt 
hat.] 
 
 
(b) Zur Ausübung dieses Wahlrechts muss der Gläubiger nicht weniger als [30] 
[andere Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen, die nicht weniger als 15 Tage 
betragen darf] Tage und nicht mehr als [60] [andere Höchstkündigungsfrist 
einfügen] Tage vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die betreffende 
Rückzahlung gemäß der Gläubigerausübungserklärung (wie nachstehend 
definiert) verlangt ist, während der üblichen Geschäftszeiten bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle eine ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllte schriftliche 
Kündigungserklärung (die "Gläubigerausübungserklärung") einreichen. Geht 
die Gläubigerausübungserklärung nach 17:00 Uhr Frankfurter Zeit am 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen] Zahltag vor dem [betreffenden] Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put) ein, gilt das Wahlrecht nicht als wirksam ausgeübt. In der 
Gläubigerausübungserklärung 
sind 
(i) 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, in Bezug auf die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird, [und] (ii) 
gegebenenfalls 
die 
Wertpapierkennnummern 
der 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall, dass die Globalurkunde bei CBF verwahrt 
wird, ist Folgendes anwendbar: und (iii) Kontaktangaben des Gläubigers sowie 
seine Bankverbindung] anzugeben. Die Gläubigerausübungserklärung kann in 
deutscher oder englischer Sprache erfolgen und in der bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle erhältlichen Form erstellt werden, die weitere 
Angaben enthalten kann. Eine derartige Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht 
widerrufen oder zurückgezogen werden. Zur Ausübung des Rechts, die 
Rückzahlung dieser Schuldverschreibungen zu verlangen, muss der Gläubiger die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei der Emittentin oder an deren Order einreichen.] 
Im 
Fall, 
dass 
infolge 
eines 
Kontrollwechsels 
die 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen 
verlangt 
werden kann, ist 
Folgendes 
an-
wendbar 
 
[([8]) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung wegen eines Kontrollwechsels. 
 
(a) 
Tritt nach dem Ausgabetag ein Kontrollwechsel ein und kommt es innerhalb des 
Kontrollwechselzeitraums zu einer Absenkung des Ratings aufgrund des 
eingetretenen Kontrollwechsels (ein "vorzeitiges Rückzahlungsereignis"): 
 
 
(i) so kann jeder Gläubiger, nachdem er gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt hat, 
von der Emittentin die Rückzahlung seiner gesamten Schuldverschreibungen 
(nicht aber nur eines Teils davon), die nicht anderweitig zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung fällig gestellt werden oder wurden, zum Stichtag in Höhe ihres 
Rückzahlungsbetrags 
zusammen 
mit 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
Stichtag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen verlangen (es sei denn, die Emittentin 
kündigt gemäß § 5 [], bevor der Gläubiger seine Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß Unterabsatz (b) abgibt]); und 
 
 
(ii) unmittelbar nachdem sie von dem vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsereignis Kenntnis 
erlangt hat, wird die Emittentin diesen Umstand und den Stichtag für die 
Zwecke der Kündigungserklärung (der "Stichtag") durch eine Mitteilung 
bekanntgeben 
(die 
"Bekanntgabe 
des 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsereignisses"). Der Stichtag muss ein Geschäftstag mindestens 
60 und höchstens 90 Tage nach der Bekanntgabe des vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsereignisses sein.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
 
 
Ein "Kontrollwechsel" gilt nach dem Ausgabetag jedes Mal als eingetreten, wenn 
die unmittelbare oder mittelbare Beteiligung einer Person oder mehrerer Personen 
(die "relevante(n) Person(en)"), die im Sinne von § 34 Absatz 2 WpHG 
abgestimmt handeln, am stimmberechtigten Grundkapital der Emittentin die 
Schwelle von 50 % der Stimmrechte überschreitet (wobei zur Klarstellung 
festgehalten wird, dass Personen, die bei einer Hauptversammlung der Emittentin 
in derselben oder einer einheitlichen Weise abstimmen, nicht allein wegen der 
Ausübung ihres Stimmrechts auf diese Weise als abgestimmt handelnd gelten). 
Ein Kontrollwechsel gilt jedoch dann nicht als eingetreten, wenn die relevante 
Person im Zeitpunkt des Ereignisses, welches ansonsten einen Kontrollwechsel 
darstellen würde, von einer Person oder mehreren Personen abhängig im Sinne 
von § 17 AktG ist, deren unmittelbare oder mittelbare Beteiligung am 
stimmberechtigten Grundkapital der Emittentin unmittelbar vor diesem Ereignis 
bei über 50 % der Stimmrechte lag. 
 
 
Der "Kontrollwechselzeitraum" beginnt mit dem Tag der ersten öffentlichen 
Bekanntmachung des eingetretenen Kontrollwechsels und endet am 120. Tag 
(einschließlich) nach dem Eintritt des Kontrollwechsels. 
 
 
 
 
 
Eine "Absenkung des Ratings" gilt als eingetreten,  
(i) wenn innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums, das vorher für die 
Schuldverschreibungen vergebene Rating einer Rating-Agentur (falls nur ein 
Rating besteht) oder die Ratings von mindestens zwei Rating-Agenturen (falls 
zwei oder mehr Ratings bestehen) (x) zurückgezogen oder (y) von einem 
Investment Grade Rating (BBB- von S&P oder Fitch oder Baa3 von Moody's 
oder jeweils gleichwertig, oder besser, ein "Investment Grade Rating") in 
ein Nicht-Investment Grade Rating (BB+ von S&P oder Fitch oder Ba1 von 
Moody's oder jeweils gleichwertig, oder schlechter, ein "Nicht-Investment 
Grade Rating") geändert und nicht während des Kontrollwechselzeitraums 
wieder auf ein Investment Grade Rating heraufgestuft wird bzw. werden oder 
(z) von einem für die Schuldverschreibungen vergebenen Nicht-Investment 
Grade Rating um eine oder mehrere Stufen herabgestuft wird bzw. werden 
(zur Klarstellung: Ba1 zu Ba2 bzw. BB+ zu BB stellt eine Stufe dar); oder 
 
 
(ii) wenn zum Zeitpunkt des Kontrollwechsels kein Rating für die 
Schuldverschreibungen vergeben ist und keine Rating-Agentur (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
innerhalb 
des 
Kontrollwechselzeitraums 
ein 
Investment Grade Rating für die Schuldverschreibungen vergibt, 
 
 
es sei denn, die Emittentin ist trotz zumutbarer Anstrengungen innerhalb des 
Kontrollwechselzeitraums nicht in der Lage, ein Investment Grade Rating zu 
erhalten bzw. das bestehende Nicht-Investment Grade Rating beizubehalten, ohne 
dass dies seine Ursache im Kontrollwechsel hat. 
 
 
"Rating-Agenturen" bezeichnet jeweils die Rating-Agenturen Standard & Poor's 
Rating Services, ein Bereich von McGraw Hill Financial Inc. ("S&P"), Moody's 
Investors Services Inc. ("Moody's") oder Fitch Ratings Ltd. ("Fitch") oder eine 
ihrer jeweiligen Nachfolgegesellschaften oder eine andere von der Emittentin 
benannte Rating-Agentur oder eine ihrer Nachfolgegesellschaften. 
 
 
(b) Zur Ausübung dieses Wahlrechts muss der Gläubiger nicht weniger als 30 Tage 
vor dem Stichtag während der üblichen Geschäftszeiten bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle eine ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllte schriftliche 
Kündigungserklärung (die "Kündigungserklärung") einreichen. Geht die 
Kündigungserklärung nach 17:00 Uhr Frankfurter Zeit am 30. Geschäftstag vor 
dem Stichtag ein, gilt das Wahlrecht nicht als wirksam ausgeübt. In der 
Kündigungserklärung sind (i) der Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen,

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
in Bezug auf die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird, [und] (ii) gegebenenfalls die 
Wertpapierkennnummern der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall, dass 
die Globalurkunde bei CBF verwahrt wird, ist Folgendes anwendbar: und 
(iii) Kontaktangaben des Gläubigers sowie seine Bankverbindung] anzugeben. 
Die Kündigungserklärung kann in deutscher oder englischer Sprache erfolgen und 
in der bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle erhältlichen Form 
erstellt werden, die weitere Angaben enthalten kann. Eine derartige Ausübung des 
Wahlrechts kann nicht widerrufen oder zurückgezogen werden. Zur Ausübung 
des Rechts, die Rückzahlung dieser Schuldverschreibungen zu verlangen, muss 
der Gläubiger die Schuldverschreibungen bei der Emittentin oder an deren Order 
einreichen.] 
 
 
[([9]) Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. Für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen entspricht 
der 
"vorzeitige 
Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung 
[dem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] [sonstigen Rückzahlungsbetrag einfügen, der nicht niedriger 
als der Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibung sein darf].]  
 
 
§ 6 
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE [[UND] [,] DIE ZAHLSTELLE[N]] [Im Fall, dass die 
Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Make Whole) vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: UND DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] 
 
 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle[n]. Die anfänglich bestellte Emissionsstelle 
[[,] [und] die anfänglich bestellte[n] Zahlstelle[n]] [Im Fall, dass die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen zum Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Make Whole) vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: und die 
anfänglich 
bestellte 
Berechnungsstelle] 
und 
[ihre] 
[deren] 
bezeichnete[n] 
Geschäftsstelle[n] laute[t][n] wie folgt: 
 
 
Emissionsstelle:  
[] 
 
 
Die Aufgaben der Emissionsstelle umfassen auch diejenigen einer Zahlstelle. 
 
 
[Zahlstelle[n]: 
 
[]] 
 
 
[Im Fall, dass die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Make 
Whole) 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist 
Folgendes anwendbar:  
Berechnungsstelle: 
[][Name und bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle]] 
 
 
Die Emissionsstelle [[,] [und] die Zahlstelle[n]] [Im Fall, dass die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen zum Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Make Whole) vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: und die 
Berechnungsstelle] [behält] [behalten] sich das Recht vor, jederzeit ihre bezeichnete[n] 
Geschäftsstelle[n] durch [eine] andere bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle[n] in derselben 
Stadt zu ersetzen. 
 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht 
vor, jederzeit die Bestellung der Emissionsstelle [[,] [und] der Zahlstelle[n]] [Im Fall, 
dass die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Make Whole) vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: und der Berechnungsstelle] zu ändern oder zu beenden und eine andere 
Emissionsstelle [oder [eine] andere [oder zusätzliche] Zahlstelle[n]] [Im Fall, dass die 
Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Make Whole) vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: oder andere Berechnungsstelle] zu bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
jedem Zeitpunkt (i) eine Emissionsstelle [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an 
einer Börse notiert sind, einfügen:[,] [und] [(ii)], solange die Schuldverschreibungen 
an der [Namen der relevanten Börse einfügen] notiert sind, eine Zahlstelle (bei der 
es sich um die Emissionsstelle handeln kann) mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in [Sitz 
der relevanten Börse oder gegebenenfalls das Land, in dem sich die relevante 
Börse befindet, einfügen] und/oder an solchen anderen Orten unterhalten, wie es die 
in diesem Fall anwendbaren Regeln verlangen] [Im Fall, dass die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen zum Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Make Whole) vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: und ([iii]) eine 
Berechnungsstelle [Im Fall, dass die Berechnungsstelle eine bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle an einem vorgeschriebenen Ort zu unterhalten hat, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in [vorgeschriebenen Ort einfügen]]] 
unterhalten. Die Emittentin wird die Gläubiger von jeder Änderung, Abberufung, 
Bestellung oder jedem sonstigen Wechsel sobald wie möglich nach Eintritt der 
Wirksamkeit einer solchen Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder einem solchen 
sonstigen Wechsel benachrichtigen. 
 
 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Die Emissionsstelle [[,] [und] die Zahlstelle[n]] [Im 
Fall, dass die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Make 
Whole) 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: und die Berechnungsstelle] [handelt] [handeln] ausschließlich 
als Beauftragte[r] der Emittentin und [übernimmt] [übernehmen] keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern, und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen [ihr] [ihnen] und den Gläubigern begründet. 
 
 
(4) Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, die von 
der Emissionsstelle für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen 
oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern keine vorsätzliche Pflichtverletzung, kein böser 
Glaube und kein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, die Zahlstelle[n] 
[Im Fall, dass die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Make 
Whole) 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist 
Folgendes anwendbar:, die Berechnungsstelle] und die Gläubiger bindend, und, 
sofern keiner der vorstehend genannten Umstände vorliegt, haftet die Emissionsstelle 
nicht gegenüber der Emittentin oder den Gläubigern im Zusammenhang mit der 
Ausübung oder Nichtausübung ihrer Rechte und Pflichten und ihres Ermessens gemäß 
solchen Bestimmungen. 
 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
 
 
(1) Zahlungen ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von Steuern. Sämtliche auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge sind von der Emittentin ohne Einbehalt 
oder Abzug von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern, Abgaben 
oder behördlichen Lasten gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder in einem Land 
oder Territorium oder für dessen Rechnung, aus oder über das eine Zahlung auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt oder in dem die Emittentin gegründet ist oder als 
ansässig angesehen wird oder Geschäfte aus steuerlicher Sicht tätigt (jeweils eine 
"Maßgebliche Steuerjurisdiktion") oder von oder für Rechnung einer politischen 
Untergliederung 
oder 
Steuerbehörde 
einer 
oder 
in 
einer 
Maßgeblichen 
Steuerjurisdiktion auferlegt, erhoben oder eingezogen werden, es sei denn, ein solcher 
Einbehalt oder Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. 
 
 
Ist ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug gesetzlich vorgeschrieben, so wird die Emittentin 
diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern 
zufließenden Nettobeträge nach einem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den 
Beträgen entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug von den 
Gläubigern empfangen worden wären (die "Zusätzlichen Beträge"). Die

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher Zusätzlichen Beträge besteht jedoch nicht für solche 
Steuern, Abgaben und behördliche Lasten, die 
 
 
(a) 
von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers handelnden 
Person einzubehalten oder abzuziehen sind oder sonst auf andere Weise zu zahlen 
sind als dadurch, dass die Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen 
einen Einbehalt bzw. Abzug vornimmt, oder 
 
 
(b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen oder geschäftlichen 
Beziehung des Gläubigers zu einer Maßgeblichen Steuerjurisdiktion zu zahlen 
sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Quellen in einer Maßgeblichen Steuerjurisdiktion stammen (oder für Zwecke der 
Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder dort besichert sind, oder 
 
 
(c) 
aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union betreffend 
die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung oder Verständigung über deren Besteuerung, an der die 
Maßgebliche Steuerjurisdiktion oder die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) 
einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung, Vereinbarung 
oder Verständigung umsetzt oder befolgt oder zu diesem Zweck eingeführt 
wurde, einbehalten oder abgezogen werden, oder 
 
 
(d) ein Gläubiger oder ein in dessen Namen handelnder Dritter rechtmäßig vermeiden 
könnte (aber nicht vermieden hat), indem er die gesetzlichen Vorschriften 
beachtet (insbesondere die einschlägigen Berichts- und Nachweispflichten 
bezüglich der Staatsangehörigkeit, der Ansässigkeit bzw. des Wohnsitzes oder 
der Identität des Gläubigers) oder sicherstellt, dass jeder im Namen des 
Gläubigers handelnde Dritte die gesetzlichen Vorschriften beachtet, oder indem 
er eine Erklärung über Ansässigkeit bzw. Wohnsitz im betreffenden Land der 
Steueransässigkeit abgibt oder den Dritten veranlasst, eine solche Erklärung 
abzugeben, oder einen anderen Steuerbefreiungsanspruch gegenüber den 
Steuerbehörden geltend macht oder den Dritten veranlasst, einen solchen 
Anspruch geltend zu machen, oder indem er veranlasst, dass die Zahlung von 
einer anderen Zahlstelle vorgenommen wird, oder 
 
 
(e) 
aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung oder einer Änderung der Anwendungspraxis 
zahlbar sind, die mehr als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der betreffenden Zahlung oder 
ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § [13] wirksam wird, je nachdem, welches Ereignis 
später erfolgt, oder 
 
 
(f) 
aufgrund der Ansässigkeit des Gläubigers in einem nicht-kooperativen Staat oder 
Gebiet im Sinne des Gesetzes zur Abwehr von Steuervermeidung und unfairem 
Steuerwettbewerb vom 25. Juni 2021 in seiner jeweils gültigen Fassung 
(einschließlich der auf der Grundlage dieses Gesetzes erlassenen Verordnungen) 
zahlbar sind; oder 
 
 
(g) durch eine Zahlstelle von einer Zahlung einbehalten oder abgezogen werden, 
wenn die Zahlung von einer anderen Zahlstelle ohne den Einbehalt oder Abzug 
hätte vorgenommen werden können. 
 
 
Zur Klarstellung wird Folgendes festgehalten: Die derzeit in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland gemäß §§ 43 ff. EStG erhobene Kapitalertragsteuer, der darauf anfallende 
Solidaritätszuschlag sowie gegebenenfalls Kirchensteuer stellen keine Steuern oder 
Abgaben dar, für die Zusätzliche Beträge zu zahlen wären. 
 
 
(2) FATCA. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, von den nach Maßgabe der 
Schuldverschreibungen an einen Gläubiger oder einen wirtschaftlich Berechtigten der 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträgen diejenigen Mittel in ausreichender

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
Höhe für die Zahlung von Beträgen einzubehalten oder abzuziehen, zu deren Einbehalt 
oder Abzug sie (a) gemäß Sections 1471 bis 1474 des U.S. Internal Revenue Code von 
1986 und damit zusammenhängenden Verordnungen oder sonstigen amtlichen 
Richtlinien (die "U.S. Bestimmungen"), (b) gemäß einem Abkommen, einem Gesetz, 
einer Verordnung oder sonstigen amtlichen Richtlinien, das bzw. die in einem anderen 
Staat besteht bzw. bestehen und der Umsetzung der U.S. Bestimmungen dient bzw. 
dienen (die "ausländischen Bestimmungen"), (c) gemäß einem zwischenstaatlichen 
Vertrag zwischen den Vereinigten Staaten und einem anderen Staat, der der Umsetzung 
der U.S. Bestimmungen dient (ein "zwischenstaatlicher Vertrag"), oder (d) gemäß 
einer Vereinbarung, die die Emittentin, eine Zahlstelle oder ein Intermediär zwecks 
Umsetzung der U.S. Bestimmungen, der ausländischen Bestimmungen oder eines 
zwischenstaatlichen Vertrags mit dem U.S. Internal Revenue Service, der Regierung 
der Vereinigten Staaten oder einer staatlichen Behörde oder Steuerbehörde in einem 
anderen Staat geschlossen hat (zusammen mit den U.S. Bestimmungen, den 
ausländischen Bestimmungen und einem jeden zwischenstaatlichen Vertrag, 
"FATCA"), verpflichtet ist. Die Emittentin ist nicht zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen 
Beträgen oder Freistellung von Gläubigern aufgrund von durch die Emittentin oder 
einen Intermediär in Übereinstimmung mit FATCA einbehaltenen oder abgezogenen 
Beträgen verpflichtet. 
 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt.  
 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
 
 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibungen zu 
kündigen und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich 
(etwaiger) bis (aber ausschließlich) zum Tage der Rückzahlung aufgelaufener Zinsen 
zu verlangen, falls: 
 
 
(a) die Emittentin Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen nicht innerhalb 
von 10 Tagen nach dem betreffenden Fälligkeitstag zahlt, oder 
 
 
(b) die Emittentin irgendeine andere Verpflichtung aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht ordnungsgemäß erfüllt und diese Unterlassung länger als 45 Tage fortdauert, 
nachdem die Emittentin oder die Emissionsstelle eine diesbezügliche Mitteilung 
von einem Gläubiger erhalten hat, oder 
 
 
(c) (i) eine Finanzverbindlichkeit der Emittentin oder einer ihrer jeweiligen 
Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften (ausgenommen Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
gegenüber einer Tochtergesellschaft der Emittentin) bei Fälligkeit bzw. innerhalb 
einer etwaigen ursprünglich geltenden Nachfrist nicht bezahlt wird oder (ii) eine 
Finanzverbindlichkeit der Emittentin oder einer ihrer jeweiligen Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften (ausgenommen Finanzverbindlichkeiten gegenüber einer 
Tochtergesellschaft der Emittentin) vor dem vorgesehenen Fälligkeitstermin 
aufgrund des Vorliegens einer Nichterfüllung oder eines Verzuges (unabhängig 
davon, wie eine solche bzw. ein solcher definiert ist) vorzeitig fällig gestellt wird, 
jeweils 
vorausgesetzt, 
dass 
der 
Gesamtbetrag 
der 
betreffenden 
Finanzverbindlichkeit, bezüglich derer eines oder mehrere der in diesem 
Unterabsatz (c) genannten Ereignisse eintritt bzw. eintreten, mindestens dem 
Betrag von EUR 50.000.000 (oder dessen entsprechenden Gegenwert in einer 
anderen Währung) entspricht oder diesen übersteigt und der jeweilige 
Kündigungsgrund nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen, nachdem die Emittentin eine 
diesbezügliche Mitteilung von einem Gläubiger durch die Emissionsstelle

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
erhalten hat, behoben wird. Dieser Unterabsatz (c) ist jedoch nicht anwendbar, 
wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
ihrer 
jeweiligen 
Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften ihre betreffenden Zahlungsverpflichtungen in gutem 
Glauben bestreitet, oder 
 
 
(d) die Emittentin Zahlungen auf ihre Verbindlichkeiten allgemein einstellt oder ihre 
allgemeine Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekannt gibt, oder 
 
 
(e) ein zuständiges Gericht gegen die Emittentin ein Insolvenzverfahren eröffnet, das 
nicht innerhalb von 60 Tagen nach dessen Eröffnung aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt 
worden ist, oder die Emittentin ein solches Verfahren beantragt, oder 
 
 
(f) 
die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, dies geschieht im Zusammenhang 
mit einer Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des Zusammenschlusses mit 
einer anderen Gesellschaft oder im Zusammenhang mit einer Umwandlung und 
die andere oder neue Gesellschaft übernimmt alle Verpflichtungen, die die 
Emittentin im Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist, 
oder  
 
 
(g)  in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland ein Gesetz, eine Verordnung oder 
behördliche Anordnung in Kraft tritt, durch welche die Emittentin in einem den 
Interessen der Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt betrachtet in 
erheblichem Maße abträglichen Umfang gehindert ist, die von ihr gemäß diesen 
Bedingungen begründeten wesentlichen Verpflichtungen zu erfüllen und diese 
Lage nicht binnen 90 Tagen ab dem Tag, an dem das betreffende Gesetz, die 
betreffende Verordnung oder behördliche Anordnung für die Emittentin wirksam 
geworden ist, behoben ist (die in den Unterabsätzen (a) bis (g) aufgeführten 
Ereignisse jeweils ein "Kündigungsgrund"). 
 
 
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt wurde. 
 
 
In den Fällen der vorstehenden Unterabsätze (b) oder (c) wird eine Kündigung, sofern 
nicht bei deren Eingang zugleich einer der in Unterabsatz (a) und (d) bis (g) 
bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst wirksam, wenn bei der Emittentin oder 
der Emissionsstelle Kündigungserklärungen von Gläubigern von mindestens 25% des 
Gesamtnennbetrags der Schuldverschreibungen dieser Serie oder, falls weniger, 25% 
des Gesamtnennbetrags aller dann ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen dieser Serie 
eingegangen sind. 
 
 
"Finanzverbindlichkeit" 
bezeichnet 
ohne 
doppelte 
Zählung 
(i) 
jede 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (wie in § 2 definiert) und (ii) jede Verbindlichkeit aus den 
valutierten Kapitalbeträgen aller Gelder, die als Darlehen von Banken oder als 
Schuldscheindarlehen aufgenommen wurden. 
 
 
(2) 
Mitteilungen. 
Eine 
Mitteilung, 
einschließlich 
einer 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß diesem § 9, hat gemäß § [13] ([]) (Form der von 
Gläubigern zu machenden Mitteilungen) zu erfolgen. 
 
 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG DER EMITTENTIN 
 
 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin (oder die Nachfolgeschuldnerin) ist jederzeit berechtigt, 
sofern sie sich nicht mit einer Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen oder einer anderen Zahlung aus den Schuldverschreibungen in 
Verzug befindet, ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger ein mit der Emittentin verbundenes 
Unternehmen im Sinne von § 15 AktG an Stelle der Emittentin als Hauptschuldnerin

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
(die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") für alle Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit 
den Schuldverschreibungen einzusetzen, sofern: 
 
 
(a) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der Emittentin in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt,  
 
 
(b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle erforderlichen behördlichen Genehmigungen 
erhalten hat und berechtigt ist, an die Emissionsstelle alle zur Erfüllung der 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge 
in der nach diesen Bedingungen erforderlichen Währung zu zahlen, ohne 
verpflichtet zu sein, jeweils in dem Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder 
die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz haben, erhobene Steuern oder andere 
Abgaben jeder Art einzubehalten oder abzuziehen, 
 
 
(c) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, jeden Gläubiger hinsichtlich von 
Quellensteuern, Abgaben oder behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, die einem 
Gläubiger in Bezug auf die Ersetzung auferlegt werden, 
 
 
(d) die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt gegenüber den Gläubigern die 
Zahlung aller von der Nachfolgeschuldnerin auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Beträge garantiert, und 
 
 
(e) 
der Emissionsstelle für jede betroffene Jurisdiktion ein Rechtsgutachten von 
anerkannten Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt wird, das bestätigt, dass die Bedingungen 
in den vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (a), (b), (c) und (d) erfüllt wurden. 
 
 
(2) Mitteilung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß § [13] bekanntzumachen. Im Zeitpunkt der 
Veröffentlichung der Bekanntmachung wird, sofern die Voraussetzungen gemäß § 
10 (1) erfüllt sind, die Ersetzung wirksam und die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Globalurkunde[n] und diese Bedingungen zu ändern, soweit dies erforderlich ist, um 
die Wirkungen der Ersetzung nachzuvollziehen, und die entsprechend angepassten 
Globalurkunde[n] und Bedingungen werden bei dem Clearingsystem oder für dieses 
hinterlegt. 
 
 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Falle einer solchen Ersetzung gilt jede Nennung 
der Emittentin in diesen Bedingungen als auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin bezogen und 
jede Nennung des Landes, in dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, als auf 
das Land bezogen, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat. Des 
Weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung in § 5 (2) und § 7 eine alternative Bezugnahme 
auf die Bundesrepublik Deutschland als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme 
nach Maßgabe des vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat) und in § 9 (1) (c) bis (f) eine alternative Bezugnahme auf 
die Emittentin in ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin). 
Im Fall, dass die 
Bestimmungen des 
Schuld-
verschreibungs-
gesetzes in Bezug 
auf die Änderung 
der 
Bedingungen 
und die Bestellung 
eines gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
Anwendung finden 
 
[§ 11 
ÄNDERUNG DER BEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
 
(1) Änderung der Bedingungen. Die Gläubiger können gemäß den Bestimmungen des 
Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") durch einen Beschluss mit der in Absatz (2) 
bestimmten Mehrheit über einen im SchVG zugelassenen Gegenstand eine Änderung 
dieser Bedingungen mit der Emittentin vereinbaren. Die Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der 
Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluss 
der Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
sollen, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
unwirksam, es sei denn die benachteiligten Gläubiger stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung 
ausdrücklich zu. 
 
 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Die Gläubiger entscheiden mit einer Mehrheit von 
mindestens 75 % (Qualifizierte Mehrheit) der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte über wesentliche Änderungen der Bedingungen, insbesondere über die in 
§ 5 Absatz 3 des SchVG aufgeführten Maßnahmen. Beschlüsse, durch welche der 
wesentliche Inhalt der Bedingungen nicht geändert wird, bedürfen zu ihrer 
Wirksamkeit einer einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. Das Stimmrecht ruht, solange die Schuldverschreibungen der Emittentin 
oder einem mit ihr verbundenen Unternehmen (§ 271 Absatz 2 HGB) zustehen oder 
für Rechnung der Emittentin oder eines mit ihr verbundenen Unternehmens gehalten 
werden. 
 
 
(3) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Alle Abstimmungen werden ausschließlich im 
Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung durchgeführt. Eine Gläubigerversammlung 
und eine Übernahme der Kosten für eine solche Versammlung durch die Emittentin 
finden ausschließlich im Fall des § 18 Absatz 4 Satz 2 SchVG statt. 
 
 
(4) Leitung der Abstimmung. Die Abstimmung wird von einem von der Emittentin 
beauftragten Notar oder, falls der gemeinsame Vertreter zur Abstimmung aufgefordert 
hat, vom gemeinsamen Vertreter geleitet. 
 
 
(5) Stimmrecht. Jeder Gläubiger nimmt an Abstimmungen nach Maßgabe des 
Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils seiner Berechtigung an den ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
 
 
(6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
 
 
[Falls kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den Bedingungen bestellt wird, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluss zur Wahrnehmung ihrer 
Rechte einen gemeinsamen Vertreter (der "gemeinsame Vertreter") für alle Gläubiger 
bestellen.] 
 
 
[Im Fall der Bestellung des gemeinsamen Vertreters in den Bedingungen ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Gemeinsamer Vertreter (der "gemeinsame Vertreter") für 
alle Gläubiger zur Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte ist []. Die Haftung des gemeinsamen 
Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Vergütung beschränkt, es sei denn, 
dem gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz 
oder von den Gläubigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. Er hat die 
Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von Rechten der 
Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen Gläubiger zur selbständigen 
Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn, der Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht 
dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der gemeinsame Vertreter den 
Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten 
des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des SchVG. 
(7) Bekanntmachungen. Bekanntmachungen betreffend diesen § 11 erfolgen 
ausschließlich gemäß den Bestimmungen des SchVG.] 
 
 
§ [12] 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, 
ANKAUF UND ENTWERTUNG 
 
 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, des 
Verzinsungsbeginns, des ersten Zinszahlungstags und des Ausgabepreises) in der 
Weise zu begeben, dass sie mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen zusammengefasst 
werden und eine einheitliche Serie (die "Serie") bilden und den ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag dieser Schuldverschreibungen erhöhen. 
 
 
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin und ihre verbundenen Unternehmen sind berechtigt, 
jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis 
zu kaufen. Die so erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der 
Emittentin von ihr gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei der Emissionsstelle zwecks 
Entwertung eingereicht werden.  
 
 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig getilgten Schuldverschreibungen sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft 
werden. 
 
 
§ [13] 
MITTEILUNGEN 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, 
die 
am 
regulierten Markt 
einer 
Wertpapierbörse 
zum 
Handel 
zugelassen werden, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(1) Veröffentlichung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen sind 
im Bundesanzeiger und, soweit rechtlich erforderlich, in den weiteren gesetzlich 
bestimmten Medien zu veröffentlichen. [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an 
der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse zum Handel am geregelten Markt zugelassen 
sind, gilt Folgendes: Wenn und solange die Schuldverschreibungen an der 
Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse zum Handel am geregelten Markt zugelassen sind und 
soweit die Regeln der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse dies verlangen, sind alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen auch in elektronischer Form auf der 
Internetseite der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse (www.bourse.lu) zu veröffentlichen.] 
Jede so erfolgte Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach der Veröffentlichung (oder bei 
mehreren Veröffentlichungen am dritten Tag nach dem Tag der ersten solchen 
Veröffentlichung) als gegenüber den Gläubigern wirksam erfolgt. 
 
 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Solange die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt 
von dem Clearingsystem oder im Namen des Clearingsystems gehalten werden, und 
soweit die Veröffentlichung von Mitteilungen nach Absatz (1) rechtlich nicht mehr 
erforderlich ist, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, eine Veröffentlichung in den in Absatz (1) 
genannten Medien durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung 
durch das Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger zu ersetzen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt 
am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als gegenüber den 
Gläubigern wirksam erfolgt.] 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die nicht 
am 
regulierten 
Markt einer Wert-
papierbörse notiert 
werden, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem zur 
Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als 
wirksam erfolgt.] 
 
 
([]) Form der von Gläubigern zu machenden Mitteilungen. Sofern in diesen 
Bedingungen nicht anders bestimmt oder gesetzlich anders vorgeschrieben, gelten die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffende Mitteilungen der Gläubiger an die Emittentin als 
wirksam erfolgt, wenn sie der Emittentin oder der Emissionsstelle (zur Weiterleitung 
an die Emittentin) in Textform in der deutschen oder englischen Sprache persönlich 
übergeben oder per Brief übersandt werden. Der Gläubiger muss einen die Emittentin 
zufriedenstellenden Nachweis über die von ihm gehaltenen Schuldverschreibungen

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
erbringen. Dieser Nachweis kann (i) in Form einer Bestätigung durch das 
Clearingsystem oder die Depotbank (wie nachstehend definiert), bei der der Gläubiger 
ein Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, dass der Gläubiger zum 
Zeitpunkt der Mitteilung Gläubiger der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ist, oder 
(ii) auf jede andere geeignete Weise erfolgen. 
 
 
§ [14] 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, 
GERICHTSSTAND, ERFÜLLUNGSORT UND GERICHTLICHE 
GELTENDMACHUNG 
 
 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte 
und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach 
deutschem Recht. 
 
 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
entstehenden 
Klagen 
oder 
sonstige 
Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") sind die Gerichte in München, Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
[Im Fall, dass die Bestimmungen des SchVG Anwendung finden sollen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
, 
vorbehaltlich 
eines 
zwingend 
vorgeschriebenen 
Gerichtsstands für bestimmte Verfahren nach dem SchVG]. 
 
 
(3) Erfüllungsort. Erfüllungsort ist Frankfurt am Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
 
 
(4) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist 
berechtigt, in jeder Rechtsstreitigkeit gegen die Emittentin oder in jeder 
Rechtsstreitigkeit, in der der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus 
diesen Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage zu 
schützen oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank bei, 
bei der er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, die (a) den 
vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, (b) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der 
Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die 
Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearingsystem eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, 
die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und (ii) er legt 
eine Kopie der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde 
vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person des 
Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers des Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine 
Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke des 
Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und 
bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, einschließlich des Clearingsystems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann 
jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere 
Weise schützen oder geltend machen, die im Land der Rechtsstreitigkeit prozessual 
zulässig ist. 
 
 
§ [15] 
SPRACHE 
Im Fall von Bedin-
gungen, 
die 
in 
deutscher Sprache 
mit 
einer 
Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache 
abgefasst 
werden 
sollen, 
ist 
 
[Diese Bedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.]

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
Im Fall von Bedin-
gungen, 
die 
in 
englischer Sprache 
mit 
einer 
Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache 
abgefasst 
werden 
sollen, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Bedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.]

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
 
 
OPTION II – Bedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung 
 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN 
 
 
(1) 
Währung, 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") der ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE (die "Emittentin") werden 
in [festgelegte Währung] (die "festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag [Im 
Fall, dass die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: (vorbehaltlich 
§ 1 (4)] von [Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in 
einer Stückelung von [festgelegte Stückelung] (die "festgelegte Stückelung") 
begeben. 
 
 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber und sind durch eine oder 
mehrere Globalurkunden verbrieft (jeweils eine "Globalurkunde"). 
 
 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch gegen Dauerglobalurkunde. 
 
 
(a) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
(die "vorläufige Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Stückelung, 
die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Der Zinszahlungsanspruch im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen wird durch die maßgebliche 
Dauerglobalurkunde mitverbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauerglobalurkunde werden jeweils von oder im Namen der Emittentin 
unterschrieben und sind jeweils von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit 
einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
 
 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an einem Tag gegen die Dauerglobalurkunde 
in der in dem vorstehenden Unterabsatz (a) vorgesehenen Form und unter den dort 
aufgestellten Voraussetzungen ausgetauscht, der nicht weniger als 40 Tage nach 
dem Ausgabetag (wie in § 3 (1) definiert) der vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt. 
Ein solcher Austausch darf nur in dem Umfang erfolgen, in dem Bescheinigungen 
gemäß U.S. Steuerrecht vorgelegt werden, denen zufolge der oder die 
wirtschaftliche(n) Eigentümer der durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Personen ist (sind) (ausgenommen bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Person(en), die Schuldverschreibungen über 
solche Finanzinstitute halten). Zinszahlungen auf durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher Bescheinigungen. Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist hinsichtlich einer 
jeden solchen Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach 
dem 40. Tag nach dem Ausgabetag der vorläufigen Globalurkunde eingeht, wird 
als ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß diesem 
Unterabsatz (b) von § 1 (3) auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, sind nur außerhalb der Vereinigten 
Staaten zu liefern. Für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen bezeichnet "Vereinigte 
Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien (die Puerto 
Rico, die U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island und Northern 
Mariana Islands umfassen). 
 
 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Globalurkunde, die die Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft, wird 
von einem oder für ein Clearingsystem verwahrt. "Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Im Fall 
von mehr als einem Clearingsystem ist Folgendes anwendbar: jeweils] Folgendes: 
[Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
Luxembourg, Großherzogtum Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien ("Euroclear")] [(CBL und Euroclear 
jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs")] sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden, 
und falls die 
Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer New Global Note ("NGN") 
ausgegeben und von einem common safekeeper im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen die Register zu 
verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind ein schlüssiger Nachweis des Gesamtnennbetrags 
der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu diesem 
Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Betrag der so 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist ein schlüssiger Nachweis des Inhalts des 
Registers des betreffenden ICSD zu dem fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
Bei 
einer 
Rückzahlung 
auf 
die 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. beim Kauf und der Entwertung der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass die 
Einzelheiten der Rückzahlung oder des Kaufs und der Entwertung bezüglich der 
Globalurkunde pro rata in die Register der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und nach dieser 
Eintragung wird der gesamte Nennbetrag der zurückgezahlten bzw. gekauften und 
entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register der 
ICSDs eingetragenen und durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen 
abgezogen. 
[Im Fall einer vorläufigen Globalurkunde, die eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Bei Austausch nur eines Teils von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die 
Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs pro rata in die Register der ICSDs eingetragen 
werden.]] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden, 
und falls die 
Globalurkunde 
eine CGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer Classical Global Note ("CGN") 
ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle (common depositary) im Namen 
beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
 
 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen vergleichbaren Rechts an der Globalurkunde, der 
bzw. das in Übereinstimmung mit den Bestimmungen des Clearingsystems auf einen 
neuen Gläubiger übertragen werden kann. 
 
 
(6) Geschäftstag. In diesen Bedingungen bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" einen Tag (außer 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem [Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
[sämtliche relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen] Zahlungen abwickeln und für den 
allgemeinen Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich des Handels in Devisen und 
Fremdwährungseinlagen) geöffnet sind] [[und] das Trans-European Automated Real-
time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") geöffnet ist].

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
 
 
(1) Status der Schuldverschreibungen. Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht 
besicherte und nicht nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die untereinander 
und mit allen anderen nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin gleichrangig sind, mit Ausnahme solcher Verbindlichkeiten, die nach 
geltenden Rechtsvorschriften vorrangig sind. 
 
 
(2) Negativverpflichtung der Emittentin. Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle 
Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen, die gemäß den Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlen sind, 
der Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung gestellt worden sind, keine Grund- und 
Mobiliarpfandrechte, sonstige Pfandrechte oder sonstige dingliche Sicherungsrechte 
(jeweils ein "Sicherungsrecht") in Bezug auf ihr gesamtes Vermögen oder Teile davon 
zur Besicherung von Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten (wie nachstehend definiert) zu 
bestellen oder fortbestehen zu lassen, und zu veranlassen (es sei denn, dies ist rechtlich 
nicht möglich oder unzulässig), dass keine ihrer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften 
(wie nachstehend definiert) Sicherungsrechte für Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten in 
Bezug auf ihr Vermögen gewähren, ohne jeweils gleichzeitig die Gläubiger 
gleichrangig an einem solchen Sicherungsrecht zu beteiligen oder ihnen ein 
gleichwertiges Sicherungsrecht zu gewähren. 
 
 
Diese Verpflichtung findet keine Anwendung auf Sicherungsrechte, die 
 
 
(i) 
nach gesetzlichen Bestimmungen gewährt werden müssen, oder 
 
 
(ii) als Voraussetzung für behördliche oder staatliche Genehmigungen oder 
Erlaubnisse verlangt werden, oder 
 
 
(iii) am Ausgabetag dieser Schuldverschreibungen bestehen, oder 
 
 
(iv) von einer Tochtergesellschaft (wie nachstehend definiert) der Emittentin für 
Forderungen bestellt werden, die dieser Tochtergesellschaft aufgrund der 
Weiterleitung von aus dem Verkauf von Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten erzielten 
Erlösen gegen die Emittentin oder ihre Tochtergesellschaften oder sonstige Dritte 
gegenwärtig oder zukünftig zustehen, sofern solche Sicherheiten der Besicherung 
von Verpflichtungen aus den jeweiligen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten dieser 
Tochtergesellschaft dienen, oder 
 
 
(v) zum Zeitpunkt des Erwerbs von Vermögenswerten bereits an solchen 
Vermögenswerten 
bestehen, 
soweit 
solche 
Sicherungsrechte 
nicht 
in 
Zusammenhang mit dem Erwerb oder der Erwartung des Erwerbs des jeweiligen 
Vermögenswertes bestellt wurden und der durch das Sicherungsrecht besicherte 
Betrag nicht nach Erwerb des betreffenden Vermögenswertes erhöht wird, oder  
 
 
(vi) an Vermögenswerten eines Unternehmens bestehen, das Mitglied der Gruppe 
wird, soweit das betreffende Sicherungsrecht vor dem Tag bestellt wurde, an dem 
das betreffende Unternehmen Mitglied der Gruppe wird, und soweit solche 
Sicherungsrechte nicht in Erwartung des Erwerbs des jeweiligen Unternehmens 
bestellt wurden und der durch das Sicherungsrecht besicherte Betrag nicht in 
Erwartung des Erwerbs oder seit dem Erwerb des jeweiligen Unternehmens erhöht 
worden ist, oder 
 
 
(vii) der Erneuerung, Verlängerung oder Ersetzung von Sicherheiten gemäß den 
vorstehenden Absätzen (i) bis (vi) dienen, oder

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
 
 
(viii) im Zusammenhang mit Asset-Backed-Finanzierungen oder anderen ähnlichen 
Instrumenten, die mit der Finanzierung eines konkret bestimmten Pools von 
Vermögenswerten 
verbunden 
sind, 
bei 
der 
die 
Gläubiger 
der 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
lediglich 
auf 
den 
bestimmten 
Pool 
von 
Vermögenswerten sowie auf die spezifischen Zahlungsströme aus diesen 
Vermögenswerten Rückgriff nehmen können, von der Emittentin oder einer ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften gewährt werden, bis zu einer Höhe von insgesamt EUR 
100.000.000 (oder dem entsprechenden Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung), 
oder 
 
 
(ix) nicht in den Anwendungsbereich der vorstehenden Absätze (i) bis (viii) fallen und 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten mit einem Nennbetrag besichern, der (zusammen 
mit dem Nennbetrag anderer Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten, für die (von der 
Emittentin oder einer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft gestellte) Sicherheiten 
bestehen, die nicht in den Anwendungsbereich der vorstehenden Absätze (i) bis 
(viii) fallen) einen Betrag von EUR 200.000.000 (oder den entsprechenden 
Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung) nicht übersteigt. 
 
 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" bezeichnet jede bestehende oder zukünftige 
Verbindlichkeit (gleich ob Kapital, Aufgeld, Zinsen oder andere Beträge) bezüglich 
Geldaufnahmen in Form von, oder verbrieft durch, Schuldverschreibungen, Anleihen 
oder ähnliche Wertpapiere, sofern sie an einer Börse oder einem anderen anerkannten 
und regulierten Wertpapiermarkt notiert sind oder gehandelt werden oder werden 
können. 
 
 
"Gruppe" bezeichnet die Emittentin und ihre jeweiligen Tochtergesellschaften. 
 
 
"Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine Person, jede Kapitalgesellschaft, 
rechtliche Einheit oder Personengesellschaft, die direkt oder indirekt von dieser Person 
kontrolliert wird. "Kontrolle" bedeutet für diesen Zweck das direkte oder indirekte 
Eigentum an der Mehrheit des stimmberechtigten Gesellschaftskapitals einer solchen 
rechtlichen Einheit, das Recht oder die Fähigkeit, die Zusammensetzung einer Mehrheit 
des Vorstands (oder eines ähnlichen Gremiums) einer solchen rechtlichen Einheit zu 
bestimmen, oder das Recht oder die Fähigkeit, die Leitung und die Angelegenheiten 
einer solchen rechtlichen Einheit zu leiten, jeweils unabhängig davon, ob aufgrund des 
Eigentums am Gesellschaftskapital, eines Vertrages oder anderweitig. 
"Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft" 
bezeichnet 
jede 
direkte 
oder 
indirekte 
Tochtergesellschaft der Emittentin, deren Ergebnis vor Finanzergebnis, Ertragssteuern, 
Abschreibungen, Wertminderungen und außerordentlichen Aufwendungen oder 
Erträgen 
(berechnet 
auf 
derselben 
Grundlage 
wie 
EBITDA) 
nach 
Konsolidierungsmaßnahmen 
oder 
deren 
Bilanzsumme 
nach 
Konsolidierungsmaßnahmen 7,5 % des konsolidierten EBITDA oder der konsolidierten 
Bilanzsumme der Emittentin übersteigt, so wie es bei dem letzten geprüften 
Konzernabschluss der Emittentin und auf der Grundlage der für das jeweilige 
Geschäftsjahr der jeweiligen Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft verfügbaren Daten, die 
für Zwecke der Konsolidierung genutzt wurden, festgestellt wurde. Stehen solche Daten 
für eine neu erworbene Tochtergesellschaft nicht zur Verfügung, ist auf den letzten (ggf. 
geprüften) Jahresabschluss dieser neu erworbenen Tochtergesellschaft abzustellen. 
 
 
"EBITDA" 
bezeichnet 
das 
Ergebnis 
vor 
Finanzergebnis, 
Ertragssteuern, 
Abschreibungen, Wertminderungen und außerordentlichen Aufwendungen oder 
Erträgen.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
 
 
(1) 
Zinszahlungstage. 
 
 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen werden auf der Grundlage ihres ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom [Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] (der 
"Ausgabetag" oder der "Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag 
(wie in § 5 (1) definiert) (ausschließlich). Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind 
[vierteljährlich] [halbjährlich] [jährlich] im Nachhinein an jedem Zinszahlungstag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) zahlbar. 
 
 
(b) "Zinszahlungstag" bedeutet 
im Fall von 
festgelegten 
Zinszahlungstagen 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[jeder [festgelegte Zinszahlungstage einfügen], beginnend mit dem [ersten 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen].] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
festgelegten 
Zinsperioden ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(soweit diese Bedingungen keine abweichenden Bestimmungen vorsehen) jeweils der 
Tag, der [relevante Zahl einfügen] [Wochen] [Monate] [andere festgelegte 
Zinsperiode einfügen] nach dem vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag oder, im Falle des 
ersten Zinszahlungstags [(hierbei handelt es sich um den [ersten Zinszahlungstag 
einfügen])], nach dem Verzinsungsbeginn liegt.] 
 
 
Zinszahlungstage unterliegen einer Anpassung in Übereinstimmung mit den in § 4 (4) 
enthaltenen Bestimmungen. 
Im Fall, dass 
Interpolation 
anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(2) Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend 
definiert) ist der Referenzsatz (wie nachstehend definiert) [im Fall einer Marge ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie nachstehend 
definiert)], wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) 
angegeben) erfolgen. 
 
 
"Referenzsatz" bezeichnet, sofern nachstehend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, 
mit Bezug auf (i) [im Fall einer kurzen ersten Zinsperiode ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: die kurze erste Zinsperiode vom Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis 
zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich)] [im Fall einer langen ersten 
Zinsperiode ist Folgendes anwendbar: die lange erste Zinsperiode vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich)] 
[im Fall einer kurzen letzten Zinsperiode ist Folgendes anwendbar: [die kurze letzte 
Zinsperiode von dem letzten, dem Fälligkeitstag vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich)] [im Fall einer langen letzten 
Zinsperiode ist Folgendes anwendbar: die lange letzte Zinsperiode von dem letzten, 
dem Fälligkeitstag vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich)] den durch lineare Interpolation zwischen dem [ersten 
relevanten Referenzzinssatz einfügen] (wie nachstehend definiert) und dem [zweiten 
relevanten Referenzzinssatz einfügen] (wie nachstehend definiert) festgestellten 
Kurs, und (ii) alle anderen Zinsperioden den [relevanten Referenzzinssatz einfügen, 
der auf alle Zinsperioden anwendbar ist, auf die Interpolation nicht anwendbar 
ist] (wie nachstehend definiert) (zusammen mit dem Referenzzinssatz für die [kurze] 
[lange] 
[erste] 
[letzte] 
Zinsperiode 
die 
"Referenzzinssätze" 
und 
je 
ein 
"Referenzzinssatz") jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt. 
 
 
Bei dem [ersten relevanten Referenzzinssatz einfügen] [,] [und] dem [zweiten 
relevanten Referenzzinssatz einfügen] [[,] [und] dem [falls der relevante

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
Referenzzinssatz, der auf alle Zinsperioden anwendbar ist, auf die Interpolation 
nicht anwendbar ist, nicht mit dem ersten oder zweiten relevanten 
Referenzzinssatz identisch ist, ist dieser Referenzzinssatz einzufügen]] handelt es 
sich jeweils um den Kurs für Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, 
die der Laufzeit des relevanten Referenzzinssatzes entspricht, der auf der 
Bildschirmseite (wie nachstehend definiert) am Feststellungstag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) gegen [11.00] [andere relevante Tageszeit einfügen] Uhr ([Brüsseler] 
[anderes relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) angezeigt wird, wobei alle 
Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall, dass 
Interpolation nicht 
anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(2) Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend 
definiert) ist der Referenzzinssatz (wie nachstehend definiert) [im Fall einer Marge 
einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie nachstehend definiert)], wobei alle 
Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) angegeben) erfolgen. 
 
 
"Referenzzinssatz" bezeichnet, sofern nachstehend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt 
wird, den [relevanten Referenzzinssatz einfügen] (wie nachstehend definiert), als 
Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt. 
 
 
Bei dem "[relevanten Referenzzinssatz einfügen]" handelt es sich um den Kurs für 
Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, die der Laufzeit des 
Referenzzinssatzes entspricht, der auf der Bildschirmseite (wie nachstehend definiert) 
am Feststellungstag (wie nachstehend definiert) gegen [11.00] [andere relevante 
Tageszeit einfügen] Uhr ([Brüsseler] [anderes relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Ortszeit) angezeigt wird, wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle 
erfolgen.] 
 
 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) 
bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von jedem Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum darauf folgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
 
 
"Feststellungstag" bezeichnet den [ersten] [zweiten] [andere relevante Zahl 
einfügen] [Tag] [Geschäftstag] [(wie in § 1 definiert)] [vor [Beginn] [Ende]] der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode. [falls eine von der generellen Definition des Begriffs 
"Geschäftstag" abweichende Definition benötigt wird, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
Nur im Rahmen dieses Absatzes (2) bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" einen Tag (außer einem 
Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem [[falls TARGET bereits definiert wurde, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: TARGET] [falls TARGET noch nicht definiert wurde, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: das Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET")] geöffnet ist] [[und] Geschäftsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen] Zahlungen 
abwickeln und für den allgemeinen Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich des Handels in 
Devisen und Fremdwährungseinlagen) geöffnet sind].] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, die 
eine Marge haben, 
die sich nicht 
ändert, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die "Marge" beträgt [Satz einfügen] % per annum.] 
 
 
 
 
[Die "Marge" beträgt für die Zinsperiode[n]

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, die 
eine Marge haben, 
die sich ändert, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
 
vom (einschließlich) 
bis zum (ausschließlich) 
 
[Datum einfügen] 
[Datum einfügen] 
[Marge einfügen] % per 
annum] 
 
 
 
"Bildschirmseite" bedeutet (i) [relevante Bildschirmseite einfügen] oder (ii) 
diejenige andere Bildschirmseite, die diese Bildschirmseite bei dem von [relevanten 
Informationsanbieter einfügen] betriebenen Dienst ersetzt, oder (iii) diejenige 
Bildschirmseite desjenigen anderen Dienstes, der von der Berechnungsstelle als Ersatz-
Informationsanbieter für die Anzeige des relevanten Satzes benannt wird. 
 
 
Sollte die Bildschirmseite abgeschafft werden oder nicht mehr zur Verfügung stehen, 
oder wird der [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
relevante] Referenzzinssatz zu der genannten Zeit am relevanten Feststellungstag nicht 
auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigt, wird die Berechnungsstelle von jeder der 
Referenzbanken (wie nachstehend definiert) deren Kurs (als Prozentsatz per annum 
ausgedrückt), zu dem sie Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, die 
der Laufzeit des [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
relevanten] Referenzzinssatzes entspricht, und die am ersten Tag der relevanten 
Zinsperiode beginnen und über einen repräsentativen Betrag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) lauten, gegenüber führenden Banken im [relevantes Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] Interbanken-Markt [der Euro-Zone (wie nachstehend definiert)] um ca. 
[11.00] [andere relevante Tageszeit einfügen] Uhr ([Brüsseler] [anderes relevantes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) am Feststellungstag anbieten, anfordern. Falls 
zwei oder mehr Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle solche Kurse nennen, ist der 
[falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: relevante] 
Referenzzinssatz für diese Zinsperiode das arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- 
oder abgerundet auf das nächste Tausendstel Prozent, wobei 0,0005 aufgerundet wird) 
dieser Kurse, wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
 
 
Falls an einem Feststellungstag nur eine oder keine der Referenzbanken der 
Berechnungsstelle solche im vorstehenden Absatz beschriebenen Kurse nennt, ist der 
[falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: relevante] 
Referenzzinssatz für die relevante Zinsperiode der Satz per annum, den die 
Berechnungsstelle als das arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet 
auf das nächste Tausendstel Prozent, wobei 0,0005 aufgerundet wird) der der 
Berechnungsstelle auf deren Abfrage hin mitgeteilten Kurse ermittelt, zu denen 
führende, von der Berechnungsstelle (in gutem Glauben handelnd) ausgewählte 
Großbanken 
[in 
[relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen]] 
[im 
[relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Interbanken-Markt 
[der 
Euro-Zone]] 
führenden 
europäischen Banken Darlehen in der festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, die der 
Laufzeit des [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
[relevanten]] Referenzzinssatzes entspricht, und die am ersten Tag der relevanten 
Zinsperiode beginnen und über einen repräsentativen Betrag lauten, um ca. [11.00] 
[andere relevante Tageszeit einfügen] Uhr ([Brüsseler] [anderes relevantes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) am [Feststellungstag] [ersten Tag der relevanten 
Zinsperiode] anbieten. Für den Fall, dass der [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: relevante] Referenzzinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes ermittelt werden kann, ist der [falls Interpolation 
anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: relevante] Referenzzinssatz der in Bezug 
auf die unmittelbar vorhergehende Zinsperiode festgestellte Referenzzinssatz.  
 
 
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet [[vier] [andere relevante Zahl einfügen] Großbanken 
im [relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Interbankenmarkt [der Euro-Zone]] [falls in

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
den Endgültigen Bedingungen Referenzbanken bestimmt werden, sind die Namen 
der Referenzbanken einzufügen]. 
 
 
"Repräsentativer Betrag" bezeichnet einen Betrag, der zu der relevanten Zeit in dem 
relevanten Markt für eine einzelne Transaktion repräsentativ ist. 
Im Fall des 
Interbanken-
Marktes der Euro-
Zone ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
["Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet derjenigen Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen 
Union, die den Euro als einheitliche Währung eingeführt haben oder jeweils eingeführt 
haben werden.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall eines 
Mindest- und/oder 
ein Höchstzins-
satzes ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(3) [Mindest-] [und] [Höchst-] Zinssatz. 
 
 
 
Im Fall eines 
Mindestzinssatzes 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz 
niedriger ist als [Mindestzinssatz einfügen] % per annum, so ist der Zinssatz für diese 
Zinsperiode [Mindestzinssatz einfügen] % per annum.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall eines 
Höchstzinssatzes ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
 
[Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz 
höher ist als [Höchstzinssatz einfügen] % per annum, so ist der Zinssatz für diese 
Zinsperiode [Höchstzinssatz einfügen] % per annum.] 
 
 
([4]) Verzugszinsen. Falls die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht 
einlöst, wird der ausstehende Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen vom Tag 
der Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) in Höhe des gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes für 
Verzugszinsen4 verzinst. 
 
 
([5]) Berechnung des Zinsbetrags. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu oder baldmöglichst 
nach jedem Zeitpunkt, an dem der relevante Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Zinsbetrag in Bezug auf die festgelegte 
Stückelung für die relevante Zinsperiode berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag wird berechnet, 
indem der Zinssatz auf die festgelegte Stückelung angewendet wird, dieser Betrag mit 
dem Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend definiert) multipliziert und das hieraus 
resultierende Ergebnis auf die nächste Untereinheit der festgelegten Währung gerundet 
wird, wobei eine halbe Untereinheit aufgerundet wird oder die Rundung ansonsten 
gemäß der anwendbaren Marktkonvention erfolgt. 
 
 
([6]) Mitteilungen von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird 
veranlassen, dass die Zinsperiode, der Zinssatz, der Zinsbetrag und der Zinszahlungstag 
für die relevante Zinsperiode der Emittentin, jeder Börse, an der die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine 
Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, und den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] baldmöglichst 
mitgeteilt werden. Im Falle einer Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode 
können der mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und Zinszahlungstag ohne Vorankündigung 
nachträglich angepasst (oder andere geeignete Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) 
                                                     
4 Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit 
veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
werden. Jede solche Anpassung wird jeder Börse, an der die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind, sowie den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mitgeteilt. 
 
 
([7]) Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, die von 
der Berechnungsstelle oder einem Unabhängigen Berater für die Zwecke dieses § 3 
gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern keine vorsätzliche 
Pflichtverletzung, kein böser Glaube und kein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die 
Emittentin, die Emissionsstelle, etwaige Zahlstellen und die Gläubiger bindend, und, 
sofern keiner der vorstehend genannten Umstände vorliegt, haften weder die 
Berechnungsstelle noch der Unabhängige Berater gegenüber der Emittentin, der 
Emissionsstelle, etwaigen Zahlstellen oder den Gläubigern im Zusammenhang mit der 
Ausübung oder Nichtausübung ihrer Rechte und Pflichten und ihres Ermessens gemäß 
solchen Bestimmungen.  
 
 
([8]) Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung 
eines Zinsbetrags auf eine Schuldverschreibung für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum") 
Im Fall von 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
Im Fall von 
Actual/360 ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
Im Fall von 
30/360, 360/360 
oder Bond Basis ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu 
je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines Monats, während der erste Tag 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf den 30. noch auf den 31. Tag eines Monats 
fällt, wobei in diesem Fall der den letzten Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 
Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten Tag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu 
behandeln ist).] 
Im Fall von 
30E/360 oder 
Eurobond Basis ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu 
je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei denn, der Fälligkeitstag ist, im Fall 
des letzten Zinsberechnungszeitraums, der letzte Tag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu 
behandeln ist).] 
 
 
([9])(a) Ersatzrate. Ungeachtet etwaiger anderer Bestimmungen in diesem § 3, wird 
die Jeweilige Festlegende Stelle nach billigem Ermessen (i) die Ersatzrate, (ii) die 
etwaige Anpassungsspanne und (iii) die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen (wie jeweils in 
§3[(9)](b) definiert) zur Bestimmung des Zinssatzes für die auf den Feststellungstag 
bezogene Zinsperiode und jede nachfolgende Zinsperiode (vorbehaltlich des 
nachfolgenden Eintretens etwaiger weiterer Benchmark-Ereignisse) festlegen und die 
Emittentin, sofern relevant, und die Berechnungsstelle darüber informieren, wenn die 
Emittentin (in Abstimmung mit der Berechnungsstelle) feststellt, dass vor oder an

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
einem Feststellungstag ein Benchmark-Ereignis eingetreten ist. Diese Bedingungen 
gelten mit Wirkung ab dem relevanten Feststellungstag (einschließlich) als durch die 
Ersatzrate-Anpassungen geändert (einschließlich einer etwaigen Änderung dieses 
Feststellungstags, falls die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen dies so bestimmen). Der Zinssatz 
ist dann die Ersatzrate angepasst durch die etwaige Anpassungsspanne [im Fall einer 
Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie vorstehend definiert)]. 
 
 
Die Emittentin wird den Gläubigern die Ersatzrate, die etwaige Anpassungsspanne und 
die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen unverzüglich nach einer solchen Festlegung gemäß §[13] 
mitteilen. Darüber hinaus wird die Emittentin [das Clearing System] [die gemeinsame 
Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs] auffordern, diese Bedingungen zu ergänzen 
oder zu ändern, um die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen wiederzugeben, indem sie der 
Globalurkunde die vorgelegten Dokumente in geeigneter Weise beifügt. 
 
 
(b) Definitionen. 
 
 
(aa) Ein "Benchmark-Ereignis" tritt ein, wenn: 
 
 
(i) eine öffentliche Erklärung oder eine Veröffentlichung von Informationen 
durch oder im Namen des Administrators des Referenzzinssatzes erfolgt, wonach 
dieser die Veröffentlichung des Referenzzinssatzes dauerhaft oder auf 
unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt hat oder einstellen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zum 
Zeitpunkt der Erklärung oder der Veröffentlichung kein Nachfolgeadministrator 
ernannt worden ist, der die Veröffentlichung des Referenzzinssatzes vornehmen 
wird; oder 
 
 
(ii) eine öffentliche Erklärung oder eine Veröffentlichung von Informationen 
durch oder im Namen der Aufsichtsbehörde des Administrators des 
Referenzzinssatzes erfolgt, wonach die Veröffentlichung des Referenzzinssatzes 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit nicht mehr fortgeführt wird oder nicht mehr 
fortgeführt werden wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zum Zeitpunkt der Erklärung oder 
der Veröffentlichung kein Nachfolgeadministrator ernannt worden ist, der die 
Veröffentlichung des Referenzzinssatzes vornehmen wird; oder 
 
 
(iii) eine öffentliche Erklärung oder eine Veröffentlichung von Informationen 
durch oder im Namen der Aufsichtsbehörde des Administrators des 
Referenzzinssatzes erfolgt, dass der Referenzzinssatz ihrer Ansicht nach nicht 
mehr repräsentativ für den zugrunde liegenden Markt, den abzubilden er vorgibt, 
ist oder nicht mehr repräsentativ sein wird und keine Maßnahmen zur Behebung 
einer solchen Situation ergriffen werden oder voraussichtlich ergriffen werden, 
wie von der Aufsichtsbehörde des Administrators des Referenzzinssatzes 
gefordert; oder 
 
 
(iv) aus irgendeinem Grund die Verwendung des Referenzzinssatzes für die 
Zahlstellen, die Berechnungsstelle, die Emittentin oder jeden Dritten aufgrund 
jedweden Gesetzes oder jedweder Verordnung rechtswidrig geworden ist; oder 
 
 
(v) der Referenzzinssatz wird ohne vorherige offizielle Ankündigung durch die 
zuständige Behörde oder den Administrator dauerhaft nicht mehr veröffentlicht; 
oder 
 
 
(vi) sich die Methode für die Feststellung des Referenzzinssatzes gegenüber der 
Methode, die der Administrator des Referenzzinssatzes bei Verzinsungsbeginn 
anwendete, wesentlich ändert. 
 
 
(bb) "Ersatzrate" bezeichnet eine öffentlich verfügbare Austausch-, Nachfolge-, 
Alternativ- oder andere Rate, welche entwickelt wurde, um durch Finanzinstrumente 
oder –kontrakte, einschließlich der Schuldverschreibungen, in Bezug genommen zu

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
werden, um einen unter solchen Finanzinstrumenten oder –kontrakten zahlbaren 
Betrag zu bestimmen, einschließlich aber nicht ausschließlich eines Zinsbetrages. Bei 
der Festlegung der Ersatzrate sind die Relevanten Leitlinien (wie nachstehend 
definiert) zu berücksichtigen. 
 
 
(cc) "Anpassungsspanne" bezeichnet die Differenz (positiv oder negativ) oder eine 
Formel oder Methode zur Bestimmung einer solchen Differenz, welche nach 
Festlegung der Jeweiligen Festlegenden Stelle auf die Ersatzrate anzuwenden ist, um 
eine Verlagerung des wirtschaftlichen Wertes zwischen der Emittentin und den 
Gläubigern, die ohne diese Anpassung infolge der Ersetzung des Referenzzinssatzes 
durch die Ersatzrate entstehen würde (einschließlich aber nicht ausschließlich 
infolgedessen, dass die Ersatzrate eine risikofreie Rate ist), soweit sinnvollerweise 
möglich, 
zu 
reduzieren 
oder 
auszuschließen. 
Bei 
der 
Festlegung 
der 
Anpassungsspanne sind die Relevanten Leitlinien zu berücksichtigen. 
 
 
(dd) "Jeweilige Festlegende Stelle" bezeichnet 
 
 
(i) die Emittentin, wenn die Ersatzrate ihrer Meinung nach offensichtlich ist und 
als solches ohne vernünftigen Zweifel durch einen Investor, der hinsichtlich der 
jeweiligen 
Art 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
wie 
beispielsweise 
diese 
Schuldverschreibungen, sachkundig ist, bestimmbar ist; oder 
 
 
(ii) andernfalls, (A) sofern die Emittentin in der Lage ist, einen Unabhängigen 
Berater (wie nachfolgend definiert) als ihr Beauftragter für die Vornahme dieser 
Festlegungen zu ernennen, der Unabhängige Berater, der von der Emittentin 
ernannt wird, oder (B) wenn die Emittentin nicht in der Lage ist, einen 
Unabhängigen Berater gemäß (ii)(A) oben zu ernennen, die Emittentin. 
 
 
(ee) "Unabhängiger Berater" 
bezeichnet 
ein 
unabhängiges, 
international 
angesehenes Finanzinstitut oder einen anderen unabhängigen Finanzberater mit 
anerkanntem Ruf und angemessener Fachkenntnis. Bei Eintritt eines Benchmark-
Ereignisses und unter der Voraussetzung, dass Unterabsatz (i) der vorstehend in (dd) 
aufgeführten Definition von "Jeweilige Festlegende Stelle" nicht anwendbar ist, wird 
sich die Emittentin in angemessener Weise bemühen, einen Unabhängigen Berater zu 
wirtschaftlich angemessenen Bedingungen zu identifizieren und zu ernennen. 
 
 
(ff) "Relevante Leitlinien" bezeichnet (i) jede auf die Emittentin oder die 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbare gesetzliche oder aufsichtsrechtliche Anforderung, 
oder, wenn es keine gibt, (ii) jede anwendbare Bestimmung (insbesondere (jedoch 
nicht beschränkt auf) Bestimmungen gemäß Artikel 23(2) der Verordnung (EU) 
2016/1011 in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung), Anforderung, Empfehlung oder Leitlinie 
der Relevanten Nominierungsstelle oder, wenn es keine gibt, (iii) jede relevante 
Empfehlung oder Leitlinie von Branchenvereinigungen (einschließlich ISDA), oder 
wenn es keine gibt, (iv) jede relevante Marktpraxis. 
 
 
(gg) "Relevante Nominierungsstelle" bezeichnet 
 
 
(i) die EU-Kommission, die Zentralbank für die festgelegte Währung oder eine 
Zentralbank oder andere Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die Aufsicht über die 
Ersatzrate oder den Administrator der Ersatzrate zuständig ist; oder 
 
 
(ii) jede Arbeitsgruppe oder jeder Ausschuss, befürwortet, unterstützt oder 
einberufen durch oder unter dem Vorsitz von bzw. mitgeleitet durch (v) die EU-
Kommission, (w) die Zentralbank für die festgelegte Währung, (x) eine 
Zentralbank oder andere Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die Aufsicht über den 
Referenzzinssatz oder den Administrator des Referenzzinssatzes zuständig ist, (y) 
einer 
Gruppe 
der 
zuvor 
genannten 
Zentralbanken 
oder 
anderen

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
Aufsichtsbehörden oder (z) den Finanzstabilitätsrat (Financial Stability Board) 
oder einem Teil davon. 
 
 
(hh) "Ersatzrate-Anpassungen" bezeichnet solche Anpassungen dieser Bedingungen, 
die als folgerichtig festgelegt werden, um die Funktion der Ersatzrate zu ermöglichen 
(wovon unter anderem Anpassungen an der anwendbaren Geschäftstagskonvention, 
der Definition von Geschäftstag, am Feststellungstag, am Zinstagequotient oder jeder 
Methode oder Definition, um die Ersatzrate zu erhalten oder zu berechnen, erfasst sein 
können). Bei der Festlegung der Ersatzrate-Anpassungen sind die Relevanten 
Leitlinien (wie vorstehend definiert) zu berücksichtigen. 
 
 
(c) [Finale Ausweichbestimmung] [Kündigung]. Können eine Ersatzrate, eine etwaige 
Anpassungsspanne oder die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen nicht gemäß §3[(9)](a) und (b) 
bestimmt werden, [ist der Referenzzinssatz der Referenzzinssatz, der in Bezug auf die 
letzte Zinsperiode festgestellt wurde, in der der Zinssatz gemäß §3(2) festgestellt 
wurde] [[kann die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bis zum jeweiligen 
nachfolgenden Feststellungstag (ausschließlich) jederzeit insgesamt, jedoch nicht 
teilweise, mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 15 Tagen gemäß § [13] 
gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig kündigen und zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich bis zum für die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener Zinsen 
(berechnet auf der Basis des Referenzzinssatzes, der in Bezug auf die letzte 
Zinsperiode festgestellt wurde, in der der Zinssatz gemäß §3(2) festgestellt wurde) 
zurückzahlen, vorausgesetzt, dass wenn die Emittentin ihr Kündigungsrecht nicht 
ausübt, der Referenzzinssatz der Referenzzinssatz ist, der in Bezug auf die letzte 
Zinsperiode festgestellt wurde, in der der Zinssatz gemäß §3(2) festgestellt wurde.] 
Die Emittentin wird die Berechnungsstelle entsprechend informieren. 
 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
 
(1)(a) Zahlung von Kapital. Die Zahlung von Kapital in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) an das 
Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems gegen Vorlage und (außer im Fall von 
Teilzahlungen) Einreichung der die Schuldverschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt der Zahlung 
verbriefenden Globalurkunde bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
 
 
(b) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) an das 
Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
 
 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden 
Absatzes (2) an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten 
der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems, und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer 
Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 (3) (b). 
 
 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher 
Regelungen 
und 
Vorschriften 
erfolgen 
zu 
leistende 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Währung. 
 
 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearingsystem 
oder dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
 
 
(4) Zahltag. Sofern der Fälligkeitstag für eine Zahlung in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen ansonsten auf einen Tag fiele, der kein Zahltag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) ist, so wird der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung 
Im Fall von 
Modified 
Following Business 
Day Convention ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Tag verschoben, bei dem es sich um einen Zahltag handelt, 
es sei denn, der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung würde dadurch in den nächsten 
Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung auf den 
unmittelbar vorausgehenden Tag vorgezogen, bei dem es sich um einen Zahltag 
handelt (Modified Following Business Day Convention).] 
Im Fall von FRN 
Convention ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Tag verschoben, bei dem es sich um einen Zahltag handelt, 
es sei denn, der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung würde dadurch in den nächsten 
Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird (i) der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung auf 
den unmittelbar vorausgehenden Tag vorgezogen, bei dem es sich um einen Zahltag 
handelt, und ist (ii) jeder nachfolgende Zinszahlungstag (sofern anwendbar) der jeweils 
letzte Zahltag des Monats, der [[relevante Zahl einfügen] [Monate] [andere 
festgelegte Zinsperiode einfügen]] nach dem vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag 
(sofern anwendbar) liegt (Floating Rate Note Business Day Convention).] 
Im Fall von 
Following Business 
Day Convention ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Tag verschoben, bei dem es sich um einen Zahltag handelt 
(Following Business Day Convention).] 
Im Fall von 
Preceding 
Business Day 
Convention ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden Tag vorgezogen, bei dem es sich um einen 
Zahltag handelt (Preceding Business Day Convention).] 
 
 
"Zahltag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), (i) an dem das 
Clearingsystem geöffnet ist und (ii) [der ein Geschäftstag (wie in § 1 (6) definiert) ist] 
[an 
dem 
[Geschäftsbanken 
und 
Devisenmärkte 
in 
[sämtliche 
relevanten 
Finanzzentren einfügen]] Zahlungen abwickeln und für den allgemeinen 
Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich des Handels in Devisen und Fremdwährungseinlagen) 
geöffnet sind] [[und] [Im Fall, dass TARGET bereits definiert wurde, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: TARGET] [Im Fall, dass TARGET noch nicht definiert wurde, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: das Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") geöffnet ist]]. 
Im Fall, dass der 
Zinsbetrag 
angepasst werden 
soll, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Falls der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung von Zinsen (wie oben beschrieben) [Im Fall von 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, FRN Convention und Preceding 
Business Day Convention ist Folgendes anwendbar: vorgezogen wird] [oder] [Im 
Fall von Modified Following Business Day Convention, FRN Convention und 
Following Business Day Convention ist Folgendes anwendbar: sich nach hinten 
verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag entsprechend angepasst.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall, dass der 
Zinsbetrag nicht 
angepasst werden 
 
[Falls der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung von Zinsen (wie oben beschrieben) [Im Fall von 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, FRN Convention und Preceding 
Business Day Convention ist Folgendes anwendbar: vorgezogen wird] [oder] [Im 
Fall von Modified Following Business Day Convention, FRN Convention und

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
soll, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
Following Business Day Convention ist Folgendes anwendbar: sich nach hinten 
verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag nicht entsprechend angepasst.] 
 
 
Falls der Fälligkeitstag der Rückzahlung des Nennbetrags der Schuldverschreibungen 
angepasst wird, ist der Gläubiger nicht berechtigt, zusätzliche Zahlungen aufgrund 
dieser Anpassung zu verlangen. 
 
 
(5) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Bezugnahmen in diesen Bedingungen auf 
Kapital der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, die folgenden Beträge 
ein: den Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen (wie in § 5 (1) angegeben); 
den vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen (wie nachstehend 
angegeben); [Im Fall, dass die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschrei-
bungen zum Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (wie nachstehend angegeben);] [Im Fall, dass der Gläubiger 
das Wahlrecht hat, die vorzeitige Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen zu 
verlangen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der 
Schuldverschreibungen (wie nachstehend angegeben;] sowie etwaige Aufgelder und 
sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge (außer 
Zinsen). Bezugnahmen in diesen Bedingungen auf Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren Zusätzlichen Beträge (wie 
in § 7 definiert) ein. 
 
 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim 
Amtsgericht München Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern 
nicht innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem relevanten Fälligkeitstag beansprucht 
worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger sich nicht im Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit 
eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt und auf das Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, 
erlöschen die Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibungen 
(vorbehaltlich einer Anpassung in Übereinstimmung mit den in § 4 (4) enthaltenen 
Bestimmungen) zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am [Im Fall, dass es einen bestimmten 
Fälligkeitstag 
gibt, 
diesen 
Fälligkeitstag 
einfügen] 
[Im 
Fall 
eines 
Rückzahlungsmonats einfügen: Zinszahlungstag, der in den [Rückzahlungsmonat 
einfügen] fällt] (der "Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. Der "Rückzahlungsbetrag" in 
Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem [Im Fall, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrem Nennbetrag zurückgezahlt werden, einfügen: 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibung] 
[ansonsten 
den 
Festgelegten 
Rückzahlungsbetrag für die festgelegte Stückelung einfügen, der nicht niedriger 
als der Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibung sein darf]. 
 
 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen jederzeit insgesamt, aber nicht teilweise zu ihrem 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis zu dem Rückzahlungstag 
(der "Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Tax Call)") (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückzahlen, falls die Emittentin bei der nächsten fälligen Zahlung auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen verpflichtet ist oder sein wird, Zusätzliche Beträge 
gemäß § 7 zu zahlen [Falls Alternative 1 anwendbar ist, einfügen: (und diese 
Verpflichtung nicht durch angemessene, der Emittentin zur Verfügung stehende 
Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann)], und zwar als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung der Gesetze und Vorschriften der Maßgeblichen Steuerjurisdiktion 
(wie in § 7 definiert) oder deren politischen Untergliederungen oder 
Steuerbehörden mit Auswirkungen auf die Besteuerung oder die Verpflichtung 
zur Leistung von Abgaben jedweder Art oder als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung der offiziellen Auslegung oder der Anwendung dieser Gesetze und 
Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt diese Änderung oder Ergänzung wird an oder nach 
dem Tag, an dem die erste Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben wird, wirksam), wobei eine solche Kündigung (i) nicht früher als 90 Tage 
vor dem frühestmöglichen Termin erfolgen darf, an dem die Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
wäre, 
solche 
Zusätzlichen 
Beträge 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlen, falls zu diesem Zeitpunkt eine Zahlung fällig 
wäre oder (ii) nicht erfolgen darf, wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem die Kündigung 
erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von Zusätzlichen Beträgen nicht mehr 
wirksam ist. 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen mitzuteilen. Sie ist unwiderruflich und 
beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen;  
 
 
(ii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Tax Call); und  
(iii) eine zusammenfassende Erklärung, welche die das Rückzahlungsrecht der 
Emittentin begründenden Umstände darlegt.  
Im Fall, dass die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call). 
 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise an [dem] [den] Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag[en] (Call) zu [dem] [den] Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] 
[beträgen] (Call), wie nachstehend angegeben, zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum 
[maßgeblichen] Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückzahlen.  
 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e] (Call) 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
einfügen] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] [beträge] 
(Call) 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge (Call) einfügen] 
 
 
[Im Fall, dass der Gläubiger das Wahlrecht hat, die vorzeitige Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen zu verlangen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin 
steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren 
Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz ([]) 
dieses § 5 verlangt hat.]

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als [15] [andere Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen, die nicht weniger 
als 5 Tage betragen darf] Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen mitzuteilen. Sie ist 
unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie insgesamt oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird, 
und im letzteren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call); und 
 
 
(iv) den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call), 
zu 
dem 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
 
(c) 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln 
des 
relevanten 
Clearingsystems 
ausgewählt. 
[Im 
Fall, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung 
des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
 
 
 
Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung nach 
Wahl der 
Emittentin ([Two] 
[Three] [] 
Months Par Call) 
anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[([4]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin ([Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, 
ist Folgendes anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach 
Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Three] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin ([] Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: []] 
Months Par Call). 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt, aber nicht teilweise innerhalb des Wahl- 
Rückzahlungszeitraums ([Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Three] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin ([] Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
[]] Months Par Call) am Wahl-Rückzahlungstag ([Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) anwendbar 
ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Three] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach 
Wahl der Emittentin ([] Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: []] Months Par Call) zum Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger 
bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag ([Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach 
Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Three] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin ([] Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
[]] Months Par Call) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraum ([Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach 
Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Three] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin ([] Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
[]] Months Par Call)" bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem Tag (einschließlich), 
der [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two 
Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: zwei] [Im Fall, 
dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par 
Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: drei] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin ([] Months Par Call) anwendbar 
ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: []] Monate vor dem Fälligkeitstag liegt, bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich). 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen mitzuteilen. Sie ist 
unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) den Tag innerhalb des Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraums ([Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par 
Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par 
Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Three] [Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin ([] Months Par 
Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: []] Months Par Call), an 
dem die Rückzahlung erfolgen wird (der "Wahl-Rückzahlungstag ([Im 
Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two 
Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Two] [Im 
Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three 
Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Three] [Im 
Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin ([] 
Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: []] Months 
Par Call)").]  
 
 
[Im Fall, dass der Gläubiger das Wahlrecht hat, die vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
der Schuldverschreibungen zu verlangen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Der 
Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, 
deren Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach 
Absatz ([]) dieses § 5 verlangt hat.] 
Im Fall, dass 
vorzeitige Rück-
zahlung nach 
Wahl der 
Emittentin 
(geringer 
ausstehender 
Gesamtnennbe-
trag der Schuld-
verschreibungen) 
anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[([5]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei geringem ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen.  
(a) 
Falls die Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen von 80 % oder mehr des 
Gesamtnennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt 
oder 
zurückgekauft hat, kann die Emittentin, nachdem sie gemäß Unterabsatz (b) 
gekündigt hat, die übrigen Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt, aber nicht teilweise 
am Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (geringer ausstehender Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen) kündigen und zum Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich 
etwaiger 
bis 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(geringer 
ausstehender 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückzahlen.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
 
 
[Im Fall, dass der Gläubiger das Wahlrecht hat, die vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
der Schuldverschreibungen zu verlangen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Der 
Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, 
deren Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach 
Absatz ([]) dieses § 5 verlangt hat.] 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen mitzuteilen. Sie ist 
unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) den Tag, an dem die Rückzahlung erfolgen wird (der "Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (geringer ausstehender Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen)").]  
Im Fall, dass der 
Gläubiger das 
Wahlrecht hat, die 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen zu 
verlangen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[([6]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl eines Gläubigers (Put). 
(a) 
Die Emittentin wird nach Ausübung des maßgeblichen Wahlrechts durch den 
Gläubiger 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung 
gemäß 
Unterabsatz 
(b) 
diese 
Schuldverschreibung insgesamt, aber nicht teilweise an [dem] [den] Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag[en] (Put) zu [dem] [den] Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] [beträgen] 
(Put), wie nachstehend angegeben, zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen.  
 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e] (Put) 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
einfügen] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] [beträge] 
(Put) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge 
(Put) einfügen] 
 
 
[Im Fall, dass die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Dem Gläubiger steht 
dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, für die bereits 
die Emittentin eines ihrer Wahlrechte zur Rückzahlung nach diesem § 5 ausgeübt 
hat.] 
 
 
(b) Zur Ausübung dieses Wahlrechts muss der Gläubiger nicht weniger als [30] 
[andere Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen, die nicht weniger als 15 Tage 
betragen darf] Tage und nicht mehr als [60] [andere Höchstkündigungsfrist 
einfügen] Tage vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die betreffende 
Rückzahlung gemäß der Gläubigerausübungserklärung (wie nachstehend 
definiert) verlangt ist, während der üblichen Geschäftszeiten bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle eine ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllte schriftliche 
Kündigungserklärung (die "Gläubigerausübungserklärung") einreichen. Geht 
die Gläubigerausübungserklärung nach 17:00 Uhr Frankfurter Zeit am 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen] Zahltag vor dem [betreffenden] Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put) ein, gilt das Wahlrecht nicht als wirksam ausgeübt. In der 
Gläubigerausübungserklärung 
sind 
(i) 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, in Bezug auf die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird, [und] (ii) 
gegebenenfalls 
die 
Wertpapierkennnummern 
der 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall, dass die Globalurkunde bei CBF verwahrt 
wird, ist Folgendes anwendbar: und (iii) Kontaktangaben des Gläubigers sowie 
seine Bankverbindung] anzugeben. Die Gläubigerausübungserklärung kann in 
deutscher oder englischer Sprache erfolgen und in der bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle erhältlichen Form erstellt werden, die weitere

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
Angaben enthalten kann. Eine derartige Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht 
widerrufen oder zurückgezogen werden. Zur Ausübung des Rechts, die 
Rückzahlung dieser Schuldverschreibungen zu verlangen, muss der Gläubiger die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei der Emittentin oder an deren Order einreichen.] 
Im Fall, dass 
infolge eines 
Kontrollwechsels 
die vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen verlangt 
werden kann, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
 
[([7]) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung wegen eines Kontrollwechsels. 
 
(a) 
Tritt nach dem Ausgabetag ein Kontrollwechsel ein und kommt es innerhalb des 
Kontrollwechselzeitraums zu einer Absenkung des Ratings aufgrund des 
eingetretenen Kontrollwechsels (ein "vorzeitiges Rückzahlungsereignis"): 
 
 
(i) 
so kann jeder Gläubiger, nachdem er gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt hat, 
von der Emittentin die Rückzahlung seiner gesamten Schuldverschreibungen 
(nicht aber nur eines Teils davon), die nicht anderweitig zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung fällig gestellt werden oder wurden, zum Stichtag in Höhe ihres 
Rückzahlungsbetrags 
zusammen 
mit 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
Stichtag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen verlangen (es sei denn, die Emittentin 
kündigt gemäß § 5 [], bevor der Gläubiger seine Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß Unterabsatz (b) abgibt]); und 
 
 
(ii) unmittelbar nachdem sie von dem vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsereignis 
Kenntnis erlangt hat, wird die Emittentin diesen Umstand und den Stichtag 
für die Zwecke der Kündigungserklärung (der "Stichtag") durch eine 
Mitteilung 
bekanntgeben 
(die 
"Bekanntgabe 
des 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsereignisses"). Der Stichtag muss ein Geschäftstag mindestens 
60 und höchstens 90 Tage nach der Bekanntgabe des vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsereignisses sein. 
 
 
Ein "Kontrollwechsel" gilt nach dem Ausgabetag jedes Mal als eingetreten, wenn 
die unmittelbare oder mittelbare Beteiligung einer Person oder mehrerer Personen 
(die "relevante(n) Person(en)"), die im Sinne von § 34 Absatz 2 WpHG 
abgestimmt handeln, am stimmberechtigten Grundkapital der Emittentin die 
Schwelle von 50 % der Stimmrechte überschreitet (wobei zur Klarstellung 
festgehalten wird, dass Personen, die bei einer Hauptversammlung der Emittentin 
in derselben oder einer einheitlichen Weise abstimmen, nicht allein wegen der 
Ausübung ihres Stimmrechts auf diese Weise als abgestimmt handelnd gelten). 
Ein Kontrollwechsel gilt jedoch dann nicht als eingetreten, wenn die relevante 
Person im Zeitpunkt des Ereignisses, welches ansonsten einen Kontrollwechsel 
darstellen würde, von einer Person oder mehreren Personen abhängig im Sinne 
von § 17 AktG ist, deren unmittelbare oder mittelbare Beteiligung am 
stimmberechtigten Grundkapital der Emittentin unmittelbar vor diesem Ereignis 
bei über 50 % der Stimmrechte lag. 
 
 
Der "Kontrollwechselzeitraum" beginnt mit dem Tag der ersten öffentlichen 
Bekanntmachung des eingetretenen Kontrollwechsels und endet am 120. Tag 
(einschließlich) nach dem Eintritt des Kontrollwechsels. 
 
 
 
 
 
Eine "Absenkung des Ratings" gilt als eingetreten,  
(i) 
wenn innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums, das vorher für die 
Schuldverschreibungen vergebene Rating einer Rating-Agentur (falls nur ein 
Rating besteht) oder die Ratings von mindestens zwei Rating-Agenturen 
(falls zwei oder mehr Ratings bestehen) (x) zurückgezogen oder (y) von

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
einem Investment Grade Rating (BBB- von S&P oder Fitch oder Baa3 von 
Moody's oder jeweils gleichwertig, oder besser, ein "Investment Grade 
Rating") in ein Nicht-Investment Grade Rating (BB+ von S&P oder Fitch 
oder Ba1 von Moody's oder jeweils gleichwertig, oder schlechter, ein "Nicht-
Investment 
Grade 
Rating") 
geändert 
und 
nicht 
während 
des 
Kontrollwechselzeitraums wieder auf ein Investment Grade Rating 
heraufgestuft wird bzw. werden oder (z) von einem für die 
Schuldverschreibungen vergebenen Nicht-Investment Grade Rating um eine 
oder mehrere Stufen herabgestuft wird bzw. werden (zur Klarstellung: Ba1 
zu Ba2 bzw. BB+ zu BB stellt eine Stufe dar); oder 
 
 
(ii) wenn zum Zeitpunkt des Kontrollwechsels kein Rating für die 
Schuldverschreibungen vergeben ist und keine Rating-Agentur (wie 
nachstehend definiert) innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums ein 
Investment Grade Rating für die Schuldverschreibungen vergibt, 
 
 
es sei denn, die Emittentin ist trotz zumutbarer Anstrengungen innerhalb des 
Kontrollwechselzeitraums nicht in der Lage, ein Investment Grade Rating zu 
erhalten bzw. das bestehende Nicht-Investment Grade Rating beizubehalten, ohne 
dass dies seine Ursache im Kontrollwechsel hat. 
 
 
"Rating-Agenturen" bezeichnet jeweils die Rating-Agenturen Standard & Poor's 
Rating Services, ein Bereich von McGraw Hill Financial Inc. ("S&P"), Moody's 
Investors Services Inc. ("Moody's") oder Fitch Ratings Ltd. ("Fitch") oder eine 
ihrer jeweiligen Nachfolgegesellschaften oder eine andere von der Emittentin 
benannte Rating-Agentur oder eine ihrer Nachfolgegesellschaften. 
 
 
(b) Zur Ausübung dieses Wahlrechts muss der Gläubiger nicht weniger als 30 Tage 
vor dem Stichtag während der üblichen Geschäftszeiten bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle eine ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllte schriftliche 
Kündigungserklärung (die "Kündigungserklärung") einreichen. Geht die 
Kündigungserklärung nach 17:00 Uhr Frankfurter Zeit am 30. Geschäftstag vor 
dem Stichtag ein, gilt das Wahlrecht nicht als wirksam ausgeübt. In der 
Kündigungserklärung sind (i) der Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen, 
in Bezug auf die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird, [und] (ii) gegebenenfalls die 
Wertpapierkennnummern der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall, dass 
die Globalurkunde bei CBF verwahrt wird, ist Folgendes anwendbar: und 
(iii) Kontaktangaben des Gläubigers sowie seine Bankverbindung] anzugeben. 
Die Kündigungserklärung kann in deutscher oder englischer Sprache erfolgen und 
in der bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle erhältlichen Form 
erstellt werden, die weitere Angaben enthalten kann. Eine derartige Ausübung des 
Wahlrechts kann nicht widerrufen oder zurückgezogen werden. Zur Ausübung des 
Rechts, die Rückzahlung dieser Schuldverschreibungen zu verlangen, muss der 
Gläubiger die Schuldverschreibungen bei der Emittentin oder an deren Order 
einreichen.] 
 
 
[([8]) Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. Für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen entspricht 
der 
"vorzeitige 
Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung 
[dem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] [sonstigen Rückzahlungsbetrag einfügen, der nicht niedriger 
als der Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibung sein darf].]  
 
 
§ 6 
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE [[,] DIE ZAHLSTELLE[N]] UND DIE 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE 
 
 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle[n]. Die anfänglich bestellte Emissionsstelle 
[[,] [und] die anfänglich bestellte[n] Zahlstelle[n]] und die anfänglich bestellte

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
Berechnungsstelle und [ihre] [deren] bezeichnete[n] Geschäftsstelle[n] laute[t][n] wie 
folgt: 
 
 
Emissionsstelle:  
[] 
 
 
Die Aufgaben der Emissionsstelle umfassen auch diejenigen einer Zahlstelle. 
 
 
[Zahlstelle[n]: 
 
[]] 
 
 
Berechnungsstelle: 
[][Name und bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle] 
 
 
Die Emissionsstelle [[,] [und] die Zahlstelle[n]] und die Berechnungsstelle [behält] 
[behalten] sich das Recht vor, jederzeit ihre bezeichnete[n] Geschäftsstelle[n] durch 
[eine] andere bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle[n] in derselben Stadt zu ersetzen. 
 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht 
vor, jederzeit die Bestellung der Emissionsstelle [[,] [und] der Zahlstelle[n]] und der 
Berechnungsstelle zu ändern oder zu beenden und eine andere Emissionsstelle [oder 
[eine] andere [oder zusätzliche] Zahlstelle[n]] oder andere Berechnungsstelle zu 
bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt (i) eine Emissionsstelle [im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer Börse notiert sind, einfügen:[,] [und] [(ii)], 
solange die Schuldverschreibungen an der [Namen der relevanten Börse einfügen] 
notiert sind, eine Zahlstelle (bei der es sich um die Emissionsstelle handeln kann) mit 
bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in [Sitz der relevanten Börse oder gegebenenfalls das 
Land, in dem sich die relevante Börse befindet, einfügen] und/oder an solchen 
anderen Orten unterhalten, wie es die in diesem Fall anwendbaren Regeln verlangen] 
und ([iii]) eine Berechnungsstelle [Im Fall, dass die Berechnungsstelle eine 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle an einem vorgeschriebenen Ort zu unterhalten hat, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in [vorgeschriebenen Ort 
einfügen]] unterhalten. Die Emittentin wird die Gläubiger von jeder Änderung, 
Abberufung, Bestellung oder jedem sonstigen Wechsel sobald wie möglich nach Eintritt 
der Wirksamkeit einer solchen Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder einem solchen 
sonstigen Wechsel benachrichtigen. 
 
 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Die Emissionsstelle [[,] [und] die Zahlstelle[n]] und die 
Berechnungsstelle [handelt] [handeln] ausschließlich als Beauftragte[r] der Emittentin 
und [übernimmt] [übernehmen] keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern, 
und es wird kein Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen [ihr] [ihnen] und den 
Gläubigern begründet. 
 
 
(4) Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, die von der 
Emissionsstelle für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen 
oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern keine vorsätzliche Pflichtverletzung, kein böser 
Glaube und kein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, die Zahlstelle[n], 
die Berechnungsstelle und die Gläubiger bindend, und, sofern keiner der vorstehend 
genannten Umstände vorliegt, haftet die Emissionsstelle nicht gegenüber der Emittentin 
oder den Gläubigern im Zusammenhang mit der Ausübung oder Nichtausübung ihrer 
Rechte und Pflichten und ihres Ermessens gemäß solchen Bestimmungen. 
 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
 
 
(1) Zahlungen ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von Steuern. Sämtliche auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge sind von der Emittentin ohne Einbehalt 
oder Abzug von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern, Abgaben 
oder behördlichen Lasten gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder in einem Land 
oder Territorium oder für dessen Rechnung, aus oder über das eine Zahlung auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt oder in dem die Emittentin gegründet ist oder als

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
ansässig angesehen wird oder Geschäfte aus steuerlicher Sicht tätigt (jeweils eine 
"Maßgebliche Steuerjurisdiktion") oder von oder für Rechnung einer politischen 
Untergliederung 
oder 
Steuerbehörde 
einer 
oder 
in 
einer 
Maßgeblichen 
Steuerjurisdiktion auferlegt, erhoben oder eingezogen werden, es sei denn, ein solcher 
Einbehalt oder Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. 
 
 
Ist ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug gesetzlich vorgeschrieben, so wird die Emittentin 
diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern 
zufließenden Nettobeträge nach einem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den 
Beträgen entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug von den 
Gläubigern empfangen worden wären (die "Zusätzlichen Beträge"). Die Verpflichtung 
zur Zahlung solcher Zusätzlichen Beträge besteht jedoch nicht für solche Steuern, 
Abgaben und behördliche Lasten, die 
 
 
(a) 
von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers handelnden 
Person einzubehalten oder abzuziehen sind oder sonst auf andere Weise zu zahlen 
sind als dadurch, dass die Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen 
einen Einbehalt bzw. Abzug vornimmt, oder 
 
 
(b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen oder geschäftlichen 
Beziehung des Gläubigers zu einer Maßgeblichen Steuerjurisdiktion zu zahlen 
sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Quellen in einer Maßgeblichen Steuerjurisdiktion stammen (oder für Zwecke der 
Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder dort besichert sind, oder 
 
 
(c) 
aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union betreffend 
die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung oder Verständigung über deren Besteuerung, an der die 
Maßgebliche Steuerjurisdiktion oder die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) 
einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung, Vereinbarung 
oder Verständigung umsetzt oder befolgt oder zu diesem Zweck eingeführt wurde, 
einbehalten oder abgezogen werden, oder 
 
 
(d) ein Gläubiger oder ein in dessen Namen handelnder Dritter rechtmäßig vermeiden 
könnte (aber nicht vermieden hat), indem er die gesetzlichen Vorschriften beachtet 
(insbesondere die einschlägigen Berichts- und Nachweispflichten bezüglich der 
Staatsangehörigkeit, der Ansässigkeit bzw. des Wohnsitzes oder der Identität des 
Gläubigers) oder sicherstellt, dass jeder im Namen des Gläubigers handelnde 
Dritte die gesetzlichen Vorschriften beachtet, oder indem er eine Erklärung über 
Ansässigkeit bzw. Wohnsitz im betreffenden Land der Steueransässigkeit abgibt 
oder den Dritten veranlasst, eine solche Erklärung abzugeben, oder einen anderen 
Steuerbefreiungsanspruch gegenüber den Steuerbehörden geltend macht oder den 
Dritten veranlasst, einen solchen Anspruch geltend zu machen, oder indem er 
veranlasst, dass die Zahlung von einer anderen Zahlstelle vorgenommen wird, 
oder 
 
 
(e) 
aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung oder einer Änderung der Anwendungspraxis 
zahlbar sind, die mehr als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der betreffenden Zahlung oder 
ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § [13] wirksam wird, je nachdem, welches Ereignis 
später erfolgt, oder 
 
 
(f) 
aufgrund der Ansässigkeit des Gläubigers in einem nicht-kooperativen Staat oder 
Gebiet im Sinne des Gesetzes zur Abwehr von Steuervermeidung und unfairem 
Steuerwettbewerb vom 25. Juni 2021 in seiner jeweils gültigen Fassung 
(einschließlich der auf der Grundlage dieses Gesetzes erlassenen Verordnungen) 
zahlbar sind; oder

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
 
 
(g) durch eine Zahlstelle von einer Zahlung einbehalten oder abgezogen werden, 
wenn die Zahlung von einer anderen Zahlstelle ohne den Einbehalt oder Abzug 
hätte vorgenommen werden können. 
 
 
Zur Klarstellung wird Folgendes festgehalten: Die derzeit in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland gemäß §§ 43 ff. EStG erhobene Kapitalertragsteuer, der darauf anfallende 
Solidaritätszuschlag sowie gegebenenfalls Kirchensteuer stellen keine Steuern oder 
Abgaben dar, für die Zusätzliche Beträge zu zahlen wären. 
 
 
(2) FATCA. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, von den nach Maßgabe der 
Schuldverschreibungen an einen Gläubiger oder einen wirtschaftlich Berechtigten der 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträgen diejenigen Mittel in ausreichender Höhe 
für die Zahlung von Beträgen einzubehalten oder abzuziehen, zu deren Einbehalt oder 
Abzug sie (a) gemäß Sections 1471 bis 1474 des U.S. Internal Revenue Code von 1986 
und damit zusammenhängenden Verordnungen oder sonstigen amtlichen Richtlinien 
(die "U.S. Bestimmungen"), (b) gemäß einem Abkommen, einem Gesetz, einer 
Verordnung oder sonstigen amtlichen Richtlinien, das bzw. die in einem anderen Staat 
besteht bzw. bestehen und der Umsetzung der U.S. Bestimmungen dient bzw. dienen 
(die "ausländischen Bestimmungen"), (c) gemäß einem zwischenstaatlichen Vertrag 
zwischen den Vereinigten Staaten und einem anderen Staat, der der Umsetzung der U.S. 
Bestimmungen dient (ein "zwischenstaatlicher Vertrag"), oder (d) gemäß einer 
Vereinbarung, die die Emittentin, eine Zahlstelle oder ein Intermediär zwecks 
Umsetzung der U.S. Bestimmungen, der ausländischen Bestimmungen oder eines 
zwischenstaatlichen Vertrags mit dem U.S. Internal Revenue Service, der Regierung 
der Vereinigten Staaten oder einer staatlichen Behörde oder Steuerbehörde in einem 
anderen Staat geschlossen hat (zusammen mit den U.S. Bestimmungen, den 
ausländischen Bestimmungen und einem jeden zwischenstaatlichen Vertrag, 
"FATCA"), verpflichtet ist. Die Emittentin ist nicht zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen 
Beträgen oder Freistellung von Gläubigern aufgrund von durch die Emittentin oder 
einen Intermediär in Übereinstimmung mit FATCA einbehaltenen oder abgezogenen 
Beträgen verpflichtet. 
 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt.  
 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
 
 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibungen zu 
kündigen und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich 
(etwaiger) bis (aber ausschließlich) zum Tage der Rückzahlung aufgelaufener Zinsen 
zu verlangen, falls: 
 
 
(a) 
die Emittentin Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen nicht innerhalb 
von 10 Tagen nach dem betreffenden Fälligkeitstag zahlt, oder 
 
 
(b) die Emittentin irgendeine andere Verpflichtung aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht ordnungsgemäß erfüllt und diese Unterlassung länger als 45 Tage fortdauert, 
nachdem die Emittentin oder die Emissionsstelle eine diesbezügliche Mitteilung 
von einem Gläubiger erhalten hat, oder 
 
 
(c) 
(i) eine Finanzverbindlichkeit der Emittentin oder einer ihrer jeweiligen 
Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften (ausgenommen Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
gegenüber einer Tochtergesellschaft der Emittentin) bei Fälligkeit bzw. innerhalb

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
einer etwaigen ursprünglich geltenden Nachfrist nicht bezahlt wird oder (ii) eine 
Finanzverbindlichkeit der Emittentin oder einer ihrer jeweiligen Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften (ausgenommen Finanzverbindlichkeiten gegenüber einer 
Tochtergesellschaft der Emittentin) vor dem vorgesehenen Fälligkeitstermin 
aufgrund des Vorliegens einer Nichterfüllung oder eines Verzuges (unabhängig 
davon, wie eine solche bzw. ein solcher definiert ist) vorzeitig fällig gestellt wird, 
jeweils 
vorausgesetzt, 
dass 
der 
Gesamtbetrag 
der 
betreffenden 
Finanzverbindlichkeit, bezüglich derer eines oder mehrere der in diesem 
Unterabsatz (c) genannten Ereignisse eintritt bzw. eintreten, mindestens dem 
Betrag von EUR 50.000.000 (oder dessen entsprechenden Gegenwert in einer 
anderen Währung) entspricht oder diesen übersteigt und der jeweilige 
Kündigungsgrund nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen, nachdem die Emittentin eine 
diesbezügliche Mitteilung von einem Gläubiger durch die Emissionsstelle erhalten 
hat, behoben wird. Dieser Unterabsatz (c) ist jedoch nicht anwendbar, wenn die 
Emittentin oder eine ihrer jeweiligen Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften ihre 
betreffenden Zahlungsverpflichtungen in gutem Glauben bestreitet, oder 
 
 
(d) die Emittentin Zahlungen auf ihre Verbindlichkeiten allgemein einstellt oder ihre 
allgemeine Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekannt gibt, oder 
 
 
(e) 
ein zuständiges Gericht gegen die Emittentin ein Insolvenzverfahren eröffnet, das 
nicht innerhalb von 60 Tagen nach dessen Eröffnung aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt 
worden ist, oder die Emittentin ein solches Verfahren beantragt, oder 
 
 
(f) 
die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, dies geschieht im Zusammenhang 
mit einer Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des Zusammenschlusses mit 
einer anderen Gesellschaft oder im Zusammenhang mit einer Umwandlung und 
die andere oder neue Gesellschaft übernimmt alle Verpflichtungen, die die 
Emittentin im Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist, 
oder  
 
 
(g)  in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland ein Gesetz, eine Verordnung oder behördliche 
Anordnung in Kraft tritt, durch welche die Emittentin in einem den Interessen der 
Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt betrachtet in erheblichem Maße 
abträglichen Umfang gehindert ist, die von ihr gemäß diesen Bedingungen 
begründeten wesentlichen Verpflichtungen zu erfüllen und diese Lage nicht 
binnen 90 Tagen ab dem Tag, an dem das betreffende Gesetz, die betreffende 
Verordnung oder behördliche Anordnung für die Emittentin wirksam geworden 
ist, behoben ist (die in den Unterabsätzen (a) bis (g) aufgeführten Ereignisse 
jeweils ein "Kündigungsgrund"). 
 
 
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt wurde. 
 
 
In den Fällen der vorstehenden Unterabsätze (b) oder (c) wird eine Kündigung, sofern 
nicht bei deren Eingang zugleich einer der in Unterabsatz (a) und (d) bis (g) 
bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst wirksam, wenn bei der Emittentin oder 
der Emissionsstelle Kündigungserklärungen von Gläubigern von mindestens 25% des 
Gesamtnennbetrags der Schuldverschreibungen dieser Serie oder, falls weniger, 25% 
des Gesamtnennbetrags aller dann ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen dieser Serie 
eingegangen sind. 
 
 
"Finanzverbindlichkeit" 
bezeichnet 
ohne 
doppelte 
Zählung 
(i) 
jede 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (wie in § 2 definiert) und (ii) jede Verbindlichkeit aus den 
valutierten Kapitalbeträgen aller Gelder, die als Darlehen von Banken oder als 
Schuldscheindarlehen aufgenommen wurden.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
 
 
(2) 
Mitteilungen. 
Eine 
Mitteilung, 
einschließlich 
einer 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß diesem § 9, hat gemäß § [13] ([]) (Form der von 
Gläubigern zu machenden Mitteilungen) zu erfolgen. 
 
 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG DER EMITTENTIN 
 
 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin (oder die Nachfolgeschuldnerin) ist jederzeit berechtigt, 
sofern sie sich nicht mit einer Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen oder einer anderen Zahlung aus den Schuldverschreibungen in 
Verzug befindet, ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger ein mit der Emittentin verbundenes 
Unternehmen im Sinne von § 15 AktG an Stelle der Emittentin als Hauptschuldnerin 
(die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") für alle Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit 
den Schuldverschreibungen einzusetzen, sofern: 
 
 
(a) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der Emittentin in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt,  
 
 
(b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle erforderlichen behördlichen Genehmigungen 
erhalten hat und berechtigt ist, an die Emissionsstelle alle zur Erfüllung der 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge in 
der nach diesen Bedingungen erforderlichen Währung zu zahlen, ohne verpflichtet 
zu sein, jeweils in dem Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die Emittentin 
ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz haben, erhobene Steuern oder andere Abgaben jeder Art 
einzubehalten oder abzuziehen, 
 
 
(c) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, jeden Gläubiger hinsichtlich von 
Quellensteuern, Abgaben oder behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, die einem 
Gläubiger in Bezug auf die Ersetzung auferlegt werden, 
 
 
(d) die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt gegenüber den Gläubigern die 
Zahlung aller von der Nachfolgeschuldnerin auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Beträge garantiert, und 
 
 
(e) 
der Emissionsstelle für jede betroffene Jurisdiktion ein Rechtsgutachten von 
anerkannten Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt wird, das bestätigt, dass die Bedingungen 
in den vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (a), (b), (c) und (d) erfüllt wurden. 
 
 
(2) Mitteilung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß § [13] bekanntzumachen. Im Zeitpunkt der 
Veröffentlichung der Bekanntmachung wird, sofern die Voraussetzungen gemäß § 
10 (1) erfüllt sind, die Ersetzung wirksam und die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Globalurkunde[n] und diese Bedingungen zu ändern, soweit dies erforderlich ist, um 
die Wirkungen der Ersetzung nachzuvollziehen, und die entsprechend angepassten 
Globalurkunde[n] und Bedingungen werden bei dem Clearingsystem oder für dieses 
hinterlegt.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
 
 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Falle einer solchen Ersetzung gilt jede Nennung 
der Emittentin in diesen Bedingungen als auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin bezogen und 
jede Nennung des Landes, in dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, als auf 
das Land bezogen, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat. Des 
Weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung in § 5 (2) und § 7 eine alternative Bezugnahme 
auf die Bundesrepublik Deutschland als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme 
nach Maßgabe des vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat) und in § 9 (1) (c) bis (f) eine alternative Bezugnahme auf 
die Emittentin in ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin). 
Im Fall, dass die 
Bestimmungen des 
Schuld-
verschreibungs-
gesetzes in Bezug 
auf die Änderung 
der Bedingungen 
und die Bestellung 
eines 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
Anwendung 
finden sollen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[§ 11 
ÄNDERUNG DER BEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
 
(1) Änderung der Bedingungen. Die Gläubiger können gemäß den Bestimmungen des 
Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") durch einen Beschluss mit der in Absatz (2) 
bestimmten Mehrheit über einen im SchVG zugelassenen Gegenstand eine Änderung 
dieser Bedingungen mit der Emittentin vereinbaren. Die Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der 
Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluss 
der Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist 
unwirksam, es sei denn die benachteiligten Gläubiger stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung 
ausdrücklich zu. 
 
 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Die Gläubiger entscheiden mit einer Mehrheit von 
mindestens 75 % (Qualifizierte Mehrheit) der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte über wesentliche Änderungen der Bedingungen, insbesondere über die in 
§ 5 Absatz 3 des SchVG aufgeführten Maßnahmen. Beschlüsse, durch welche der 
wesentliche Inhalt der Bedingungen nicht geändert wird, bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit 
einer einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. Das 
Stimmrecht ruht, solange die Schuldverschreibungen der Emittentin oder einem mit ihr 
verbundenen Unternehmen (§ 271 Absatz 2 HGB) zustehen oder für Rechnung der 
Emittentin oder eines mit ihr verbundenen Unternehmens gehalten werden. 
 
 
(3) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Alle Abstimmungen werden ausschließlich im 
Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung durchgeführt. Eine Gläubigerversammlung 
und eine Übernahme der Kosten für eine solche Versammlung durch die Emittentin 
finden ausschließlich im Fall des § 18 Absatz 4 Satz 2 SchVG statt. 
 
 
(4) Leitung der Abstimmung. Die Abstimmung wird von einem von der Emittentin 
beauftragten Notar oder, falls der gemeinsame Vertreter zur Abstimmung aufgefordert 
hat, vom gemeinsamen Vertreter geleitet. 
 
 
(5) Stimmrecht. Jeder Gläubiger nimmt an Abstimmungen nach Maßgabe des 
Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils seiner Berechtigung an den ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
 
 
(6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
 
 
[Falls kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den Bedingungen bestellt wird, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluss zur Wahrnehmung ihrer

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
Rechte einen gemeinsamen Vertreter (der "gemeinsame Vertreter") für alle Gläubiger 
bestellen.] 
 
 
[Im Fall der Bestellung des gemeinsamen Vertreters in den Bedingungen ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Gemeinsamer Vertreter (der "gemeinsame Vertreter") für 
alle Gläubiger zur Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte ist []. Die Haftung des gemeinsamen 
Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Vergütung beschränkt, es sei denn, 
dem gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz 
oder von den Gläubigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. Er hat die 
Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von Rechten der 
Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen Gläubiger zur selbständigen 
Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn, der Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht 
dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der gemeinsame Vertreter den 
Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten 
des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des SchVG. 
(7) Bekanntmachungen. Bekanntmachungen betreffend diesen § 11 erfolgen 
ausschließlich gemäß den Bestimmungen des SchVG.] 
 
 
§ [12] 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, 
ANKAUF UND ENTWERTUNG 
 
 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher 
Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, des 
Verzinsungsbeginns, des ersten Zinszahlungstags und des Ausgabepreises) in der Weise 
zu begeben, dass sie mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen zusammengefasst werden und 
eine einheitliche Serie (die "Serie") bilden und den ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrag 
dieser Schuldverschreibungen erhöhen. 
 
 
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin und ihre verbundenen Unternehmen sind berechtigt, 
jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis 
zu kaufen. Die so erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin 
von ihr gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei der Emissionsstelle zwecks Entwertung 
eingereicht werden.  
 
 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig getilgten Schuldverschreibungen sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft 
werden. 
 
 
§ [13] 
MITTEILUNGEN 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die am 
regulierten Markt 
einer 
Wertpapierbörse 
zum Handel 
zugelassen 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(1) Veröffentlichung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen sind 
im Bundesanzeiger und, soweit rechtlich erforderlich, in den weiteren gesetzlich 
bestimmten Medien zu veröffentlichen. [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an 
der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse zum Handel am geregelten Markt zugelassen 
sind, gilt Folgendes: Wenn und solange die Schuldverschreibungen an der 
Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse zum Handel am geregelten Markt zugelassen sind und 
soweit die Regeln der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse dies verlangen, sind alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen auch in elektronischer Form auf der 
Internetseite der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse (www.bourse.lu) zu veröffentlichen.] 
Jede so erfolgte Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach der Veröffentlichung (oder bei 
mehreren Veröffentlichungen am dritten Tag nach dem Tag der ersten solchen 
Veröffentlichung) als gegenüber den Gläubigern wirksam erfolgt.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
 
 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Solange die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt 
von dem Clearingsystem oder im Namen des Clearingsystems gehalten werden, und 
soweit die Veröffentlichung von Mitteilungen nach Absatz (1) rechtlich nicht mehr 
erforderlich ist, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, eine Veröffentlichung in den in Absatz (1) 
genannten Medien durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung 
durch das Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger zu ersetzen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt 
am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als gegenüber den 
Gläubigern wirksam erfolgt.] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die nicht 
am regulierten 
Markt einer Wert-
papierbörse 
notiert werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem zur 
Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als 
wirksam erfolgt.] 
 
 
([]) Form der von Gläubigern zu machenden Mitteilungen. Sofern in diesen 
Bedingungen nicht anders bestimmt oder gesetzlich anders vorgeschrieben, gelten die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffende Mitteilungen der Gläubiger an die Emittentin als 
wirksam erfolgt, wenn sie der Emittentin oder der Emissionsstelle (zur Weiterleitung 
an die Emittentin) in Textform in der deutschen oder englischen Sprache persönlich 
übergeben oder per Brief übersandt werden. Der Gläubiger muss einen die Emittentin 
zufriedenstellenden Nachweis über die von ihm gehaltenen Schuldverschreibungen 
erbringen. Dieser Nachweis kann (i) in Form einer Bestätigung durch das 
Clearingsystem oder die Depotbank (wie nachstehend definiert), bei der der Gläubiger 
ein Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, dass der Gläubiger zum 
Zeitpunkt der Mitteilung Gläubiger der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ist, oder 
(ii) auf jede andere geeignete Weise erfolgen. 
 
 
§ [14] 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, 
GERICHTSSTAND, ERFÜLLUNGSORT UND GERICHTLICHE 
GELTENDMACHUNG 
 
 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte 
und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach 
deutschem Recht. 
 
 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
entstehenden 
Klagen 
oder 
sonstige 
Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") sind die Gerichte in München, Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
[Im Fall, dass die Bestimmungen des SchVG Anwendung finden sollen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
, 
vorbehaltlich 
eines 
zwingend 
vorgeschriebenen 
Gerichtsstands für bestimmte Verfahren nach dem SchVG]. 
 
 
(3) Erfüllungsort. Erfüllungsort ist Frankfurt am Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
 
 
(4) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist 
berechtigt, in jeder Rechtsstreitigkeit gegen die Emittentin oder in jeder 
Rechtsstreitigkeit, in der der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus 
diesen Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage zu 
schützen oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank bei, 
bei der er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, die (a) den 
vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, (b) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die 
Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearingsystem eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, 
die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und (ii) er legt 
eine Kopie der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde 
vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person des 
Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers des Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine 
Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke des 
Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und 
bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, einschließlich des Clearingsystems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann 
jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere 
Weise schützen oder geltend machen, die im Land der Rechtsstreitigkeit prozessual 
zulässig ist. 
 
 
§ [15] 
SPRACHE 
Im Fall von Bedin-
gungen, die in 
deutscher Sprache 
mit einer 
Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache 
abgefasst werden 
sollen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Bedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
Im Fall von Bedin-
gungen, die in 
englischer Sprache 
mit einer 
Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache 
abgefasst werden 
sollen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Bedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.]

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
IN THE CASE OF NOTES LISTED ON THE LUXEMBOURG STOCK EXCHANGE, THE FINAL TERMS 
WILL BE DISPLAYED ON THE WEBSITE OF THE LUXEMBOURG STOCK EXCHANGE 
(WWW.BOURSE.LU). IN THE CASE OF NOTES LISTED ON ANY OTHER STOCK EXCHANGE OR 
PUBLICLY OFFERED IN ONE OR MORE MEMBER STATES OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
OTHER THAN THE GRAND DUCHY OF LUXEMBOURG, THE FINAL TERMS WILL BE DISPLAYED ON 
THE 
WEBSITE 
OF 
PROSIEBENSAT.1 
MEDIA 
SE 
(HTTPS://WWW.PROSIEBENSAT1.COM/EN/INVESTOR-RELATIONS/FINANCIAL-DEBT/DEBT-
ISSUANCE-PROGRAM). 
5. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
(MUSTER DER ENDGÜLTIGEN BEDINGUNGEN) 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Program. 
VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM EUROPÄISCHEN WIRTSCHAFTSRAUM 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an 
Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum ("EWR") bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im EWR nicht angeboten, 
nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Entsprechend wurde kein 
nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 (in der jeweils geltenden Fassung, die "PRIIP-Verordnung") erforderliches 
Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR nach der PRIIP-Verordnung rechtswidrig 
sein. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der 
folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 11 der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU, 
in der jeweils geltenden Fassung ("MiFID II"); (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Richtlinie 2016/97/EU, in der jeweils 
geltenden Fassung (die "Versicherungsvertriebsrichtlinie"), soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im 
Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 10 MiFID II gilt; oder (iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne der Verordnung 
(EU) 2017/1129, in der jweils geltenden Fassung ("Prospektverordnung"). 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of the Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended, ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM VEREINIGTEN KÖNIGREICH 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an 
Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im Vereinigten Königreich nicht angeboten, 
nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Entsprechend wurde kein 
nach der PRIIP-Verordnung, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") Teil des 
nationalen 
Rechts 
des 
Vereinigten 
Königreichs 
ist 
(die 
"UK 
PRIIPs-Verordnung"), 
erforderliches 
Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf 
oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich nach der

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
UK PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine 
Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Punkt 
(8) der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, wie sie aufgrund des EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts des Vereinigten 
Königreichs ist; oder (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Bestimmungen des Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, in 
der jeweils geltenden Fassung (der "FSMA") und jeglicher Vorschriften oder Verordnungen, die im Rahmen des FSMA 
zur Umsetzung der Versicherungsvertriebsrichtlinie erlassen wurden, soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde 
im Sinne von Artikel 2 Absatz 1 Punkt (8) der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, wie sie durch das EUWA Teil des 
nationalen Rechts des Vereinigten Königreichs ist, qualifiziert wäre; oder (iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne 
von Artikel 2 der Prospektverordnung, wie sie aufgrund des EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts des Vereinigten 
Königreichs ist.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). Consequently no key information document required 
by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. 
[Produktüberwachung nach MiFID II / Ausschließlicher Zielmarkt geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle 
Kunden 
Ausschließlich für die Zwecke des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des] [jedes] Konzepteurs hat die 
Zielmarktbewertung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die 
Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden sind, wie jeweils in [MiFID 
II] [der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils geltenden Fassung, "MiFID II")] definiert [weitere Zielmarktkriterien 
festlegen]; und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und 
professionelle Kunden geeignet sind. [etwaige negative Zielmärkte festlegen] Jede Person, die die 
Schuldverschreibungen später anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertreiber"), sollte die Zielmarktbewertung 
de[s][r] Konzepteur[s][e] berücksichtigen, wobei ein der MiFID II unterliegender Vertreiber jedoch dafür verantwortlich 
ist, eine eigene Zielmarktbewertung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen vorzunehmen (entweder durch Übernahme 
oder Ausarbeitung der Zielmarktbewertung de[s][r] Konzepteur[s][e]) und geeignete Vertriebskanäle festzulegen.] 
[MiFID II Product Governance / Eligible Counterparties and Professional Clients Only Target Market 
Solely for the purposes of [the] [each] manufacturer['s][s'] product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [MiFID II] [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")] [specify 
further target market criteria]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [specify negative target market, if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s][s'] target market 
assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
[Produktüberwachung nach UK MiFIR / Ausschließlicher Zielmarkt geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle 
Kunden 
Ausschließlich für die Zwecke des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des] [jedes] UK Konzepteurs hat die 
Zielmarktbewertung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die 
Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne des FCA-Handbuchs Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook und professionelle Kunden im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, wie sie aufgrund des [European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] [EUWA] ("UK MiFIR") Teil des nationalen Rechts des Vereinigten Königreichs ist, sind 
[weitere Zielmarktkriterien festlegen]; und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete 
Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden geeignet sind. [etwaige negative Zielmärkte festlegen] Jede Person, die die 
Schuldverschreibungen später anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "UK Vertreiber") sollte die Zielmarktbewertung 
de[s][r] UK Konzepteur[s][e] berücksichtigen; wobei ein dem FCA-Handbuch Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook unterliegender UK Vertreiber jedoch dafür verantwortlich ist, eine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung 
im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen vorzunehmen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder Ausarbeitung der 
Zielmarktbestimmung de[s][r] UK Konzepteur[s][e] und geeignete Vertriebskanäle festzulegen.] 
[UK MiFIR Product Governance / Eligible Counterparties and Professional Clients Only Target Market 
Solely for the purposes of [the] [each] UK manufacturer['s][s'] product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] 
[EUWA] ("UK MiFIR") [specify further target market criteria]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [specify negative target market, if applicable]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "UK Distributor") should take into consideration the 
UK manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment; however, a UK Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the UK manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
[Datum einfügen] 
[insert date] 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
Final Terms 
[Bezeichnung der relevanten Tranche der Schuldverschreibungen einfügen] (die "Schuldverschreibungen") 
[insert title of relevant Tranche of Notes] (the "Notes") 
begeben von 
issued by 
ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE 
[Rechtsträgerkennung: [529900NY0WWQUKOMWQ37]] 
[Legal Entity Identifier: [529900NY0WWQUKOMWQ37]] 
aufgrund des 
pursuant to the 
EUR 2,500,000,000 Debt Issuance Program 
vom 11. Mai 2022 
dated May 11, 2022 
Ausgabepreis: [] % [zuzüglich aufgelaufener Zinsen in Höhe von [] für [] Tage in dem Zeitraum vom [] 
(einschließlich) bis zum [] (ausschließlich)] 
Issue Price: [] per cent. [plus accrued interest in the amount of [] for [] days in the period from, and including, 
[] to, but excluding, []] 
 
Ausgabetag: []1 
Issue Date: [] 
Serien-Nr.: [] 
Series No.: [] 
Tranchen-Nr.: [] 
Tranche No.: [] 
                                                     
1 
Der Ausgabetag ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei freier Lieferung ist der Ausgabetag der 
Tag der Lieferung. 
 
The Issue Date is the date of issue and payment of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery date.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
WICHTIGER HINWEIS 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
[Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen [wurden für die Zwecke des Artikels 8 (4) der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des 
Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 über den Prospekt, der beim öffentlichen Angebot von 
Wertpapieren oder bei deren Zulassung zum Handel an einem geregelten Markt zu veröffentlichen ist und zur Aufhebung 
der Richtlinie 2003/71/EG abgefasst und]2 enthalten Angaben zur Emission von Schuldverschreibungen unter dem 
EUR 2.500.000.000 Debt Issuance Programm der ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE (das "Programm") und sind in Verbindung 
mit dem Prospekt vom 11. Mai 2022 ([in der Fassung [des Nachtrags] [der Nachträge] vom [relevantes Datum/relevante 
Daten einfügen],] der "Prospekt") über das Programm zu lesen. Vollständige Informationen über die Emittentin und 
über die Schuldverschreibungen sind nur in der Zusammenschau dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen und des Prospekts 
erhältlich. Kopien des Prospekts und etwaiger Nachträge zum Prospekt [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an 
dem geregelten Markt der Luxemburger Börse zum Handel zugelassen sind, einfügen: sowie dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen] sind kostenlos während der üblichen Geschäftszeiten bei ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE (Medienallee 7, 85774 
Unterföhring, Deutschland) und außerdem auf der Internetseite der Börse Luxemburg (www.bourse.lu) erhältlich.]3 
[These Final Terms [have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8 (4) of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of June 14, 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered 
to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, and] give details of an 
issue of Notes under the EUR 2,500,000,000 Debt Issuance Program of ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE (the "Program") and 
are to be read in conjunction with the prospectus dated May 11, 2022 ([as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated 
[insert relevant date(s)],] the "Prospectus") and pertaining to the Program. Full information on the Issuer and the Notes 
is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus. Copies of the Prospectus as 
well as any supplements to the Prospectus [in the case of Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange insert: and these Final Terms] are obtainable free of charge during normal business hours 
from ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE (Medienallee 7, 85774 Unterföhring, Germany) and also from the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).] 
 
                                                     
2 
Nicht anwendbar bei Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht an einem geregelten Markt zum Handel zugelassen werden. 
 
Not applicable in case of Notes which are not admitted to trading on a regulated market.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
TEIL A: EMMISIONSBEDINGUNGEN DER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
PART A: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
[Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Wiederholung der 
im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten maßgeblichen Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils 
enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt und die betreffenden Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, 
einfügen: 
In case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by replicating the relevant provisions 
set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II (including certain further options contained therein) respectively, and 
completing the relevant placeholders, insert: 
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Bedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen [sowie die unverbindliche 
[deutschsprachige] [englischsprachige] Übersetzung] sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt.] 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes [and the non-binding [German] [English] language translation 
thereof] are as set out below. 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung sind hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option I 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) zu wiederholen und die betreffenden Leerstellen zu 
vervollständigen] 
[in case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I (including relevant further 
options contained therein) and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung sind hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option II 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) zu wiederholen und die betreffenden Leerstellen zu 
vervollständigen] 
[in case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II (including relevant 
further options contained therein) and complete relevant placeholders]] 
[Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Verweisung auf die 
im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten maßgeblichen Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils 
enthaltenen weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden, einfügen: 
In case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by referring to the relevant provisions 
set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II (including certain further options contained therein) respectively, 
insert: 
Dieser TEIL A der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz an Bedingungen der 
Schuldverschreibungen, der auf Schuldverschreibungen mit [fester] [variabler] Verzinsung Anwendung findet (die 
"Bedingungen"), zu lesen, der als [Option I] [Option II] im Prospekt enthalten ist. Begriffe, die in den Bedingungen 
definiert sind, haben dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
This PART A of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Conditions that apply to Notes with [fixed] 
[floating] interest rates (the "Terms and Conditions") set forth in the Prospectus as [Option I] [Option II]. Terms defined 
in the Terms and Conditions shall have the same meanings when used in these Final Terms. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem TEIL A der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich auf die 
Paragraphen und Absätze der Bedingungen. 
All references in this PART A of the Final Terms to numbered sections and paragraphs are to sections and paragraphs 
of the Conditions.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
Die Leerstellen in den Bedingungen gelten als durch die in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben 
ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären. Sämtliche 
Bestimmungen der Bedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen beziehen, die weder angekreuzt 
noch ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in den Bedingungen gestrichen. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Conditions shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in these 
Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks of such provisions. All provisions in the Conditions 
corresponding to items in these Final Terms which are either not selected or completed or which are deleted shall be 
deemed to be deleted from the Conditions.] 
[WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN (§ 1) 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS (§ 1) 
Währung, Stückelung 
Currency, Denomination 
 
Festgelegte Währung 
[] 
Specified Currency 
 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
[] 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
 
Gesamtnennbetrag (in Worten) 
[] 
Aggregate Principal Amount (in words) 
 
Festgelegte Stückelung4 
[] 
Specified Denomination 
 
Clearingsystem 
Clearing System 
 
 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
 
 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg 
und/and 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
Globalurkunden 
 
Global Notes 
 
 
New Global Notes  
 
 
Classical Global Notes  
 
Geschäftstag 
 
Business Day 
 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche relevanten Finanzzentren 
einfügen] 
Commercial banks and foreign exchange markets in [insert all relevant 
financial centres] 
 
 
TARGET 
 
ZINSEN (§ 3) 
INTEREST (§ 3) 
 
 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option I) 
Fixed Rate Notes (Option I) 
                                                     
4 
Die festgelegte Stückelung darf für den Fall, dass die Schuldverschreibungen an einem geregelten Markt einer Wertpapierbörse in einem 
Mitgliedsstaat des EWR zum Handel zugelassen werden, nicht weniger als Euro 100.000 oder den entsprechenden Gegenwert in einer 
anderen Währung an dem Ausgabetag betragen. 
 
The Specified Denomination shall be, in the case of Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of a stock exchange located in 
a Member State of the EEA, at least Euro 100,000 or its foreign currency equivalent on the relevant issue date.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
[Zinssatz 
[] % per annum 
Rate of Interest 
[] per cent. per annum 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[] 
Interest Commencement Date 
 
Zinszahlungstag[e] 
[] 
Interest Payment Date[s] 
 
[Zinsen sind zahlbar  
[halbjährlich] [jährlich] 
Interest shall be payable] 
[semi-annually] [annually] 
[Erster Zinszahlungstag 
[] 
First Interest Payment Date] 
 
[Letzter Zinszahlungstag 
[] 
Last Interest Payment Date] 
 
Zinsbetrag je Schuldverschreibung 
[] 
Amount of Interest per Note 
 
[ 
kurze erste Zinsperiode 
short first Interest Period 
 
[Anfänglicher Bruchteilszinsbetrag je Schuldverschreibung am 
ersten Zinszahlungstag 
Initial Broken Amount of Interest per Note on the First Interest 
Payment Date] 
[]] 
[ 
lange erste Zinsperiode 
long first Interest Period 
 
[Anfänglicher Bruchteilszinsbetrag je Schuldverschreibung am 
ersten Zinszahlungstag 
Initial Broken Amount of Interest per Note on the First Interest 
Payment Date] 
[]] 
[ 
kurze letzte Zinsperiode 
short last Interest Period 
 
[Abschließender Bruchteilszinsbetrag je Schuldverschreibung 
am letzten Zinszahlungstag 
Final Broken Amount of Interest per Note on the Last Interest 
Payment Date] 
[]] 
[ 
lange letzte Zinsperiode 
long last Interest Period 
 
[Abschließender Bruchteilszinsbetrag je Schuldverschreibung 
am letzten Zinszahlungstag 
Final Broken Amount of Interest per Note on the Last Interest 
Payment Date] 
[]]]5 
 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option II) 
Floating Rate Notes (Option II) 
[Zinszahlungstage 
Interest Payment Dates 
 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[] 
Interest Commencement Date 
 
Zinsen sind zahlbar  
[vierteljährlich] [halbjährlich] 
[jährlich] im Nachhinein 
                                                     
5  
Im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen nicht einfügen. 
 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes do not insert.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
Interest shall be payable 
[quarterly] [semi-annually] [annually] 
in arrear 
 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstage 
Specified Interest Payment Dates 
[] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
[] 
First Interest Payment Date 
 
 
Festgelegte Zinsperioden 
[relevante Zahl einfügen] [Wochen] 
[Monate] [andere festgelegte 
Zinsperiode einfügen] 
Specified Interest Periods 
[insert relevant number] [weeks] 
[months] [insert other specified 
Interest Period] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
[] 
First Interest Payment Date 
 
Zinssatz 
 
Rate of Interest 
 
 
Interpolation anwendbar 
 
Interpolation applicable 
 
[kurze] [lange] [erste] [letzte] Zinsperiode 
Ja 
[short] [long] [first] [last] Interest Period 
Yes 
Referenzzinssätze 
 
Reference Interest Rates 
 
erster Referenzzinssatz 
[ersten relevanten Referenzzinssatz 
(einschließlich Laufzeit) einfügen]  
first Reference Interest Rate 
[insert first relevant reference interest 
rate (including its term)] 
zweiter Referenzzinssatz 
[zweiten relevanten Referenzzinssatz 
(einschließlich Laufzeit) einfügen]  
second Reference Interest Rate 
[insert second relevant reference 
interest rate (including its term)] 
Referenzzinssatz, der auf alle Zinsperioden anwendbar ist, auf die 
Interpolation nicht anwendbar ist 
[relevanten Referenzzinssatz (ein-
schließlich Laufzeit) einfügen]  
Reference Interest Rate which shall apply to all Interest Periods 
to which interpolation shall not apply 
[insert relevant reference interest rate 
(including its term)] 
Uhrzeit 
[11.00] [andere relevante Tageszeit 
einfügen] Uhr ([Brüsseler] [anderes 
relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Ortszeit) 
Time 
[11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant 
time] ([Brussels] [insert other relevant 
financial centre] time) 
 
Interpolation nicht anwendbar 
 
Interpolation not applicable 
 
Referenzzinssatz 
[relevanten Referenzzinssatz 
(einschließlich Laufzeit) einfügen]  
Reference Interest Rate 
[insert relevant reference interest 
rate (including its term)] 
Uhrzeit 
[11.00] [andere relevante Tageszeit 
einfügen] Uhr [Brüsseler] [anderes 
relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Ortszeit

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
Time 
[11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant 
time] [Brussels] [insert other relevant 
financial centre] time 
Feststellungstag 
[erster] [zweiter] [andere relevante 
Zahl von Tagen einfügen] [Tag] 
[Geschäftstag] [vor [Beginn] [Ende]] 
der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
Determination Day 
[first] [second] [insert other relevant 
number of days] [day] [Business 
Day] [prior to the [commencement] 
[end]] of the relevant Interest Period 
 
Geschäftstag 
 
Business Day 
 
 
der in § 1 (6) definierte Geschäftstag 
the Business Day as defined in § 1 (6) 
 
 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche 
relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen] 
Commercial banks and foreign exchange markets in 
[insert all relevant financial centres] 
 
 
TARGET 
 
 
Marge 
Margin 
 
 
Marge, die sich nicht ändert 
Margin, which does not change 
 
 
zuzüglich 
plus 
[] % per annum 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
abzüglich 
minus 
[] % per annum 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
Marge, die sich ändert 
Margin, which does change 
 
 
zuzüglich 
plus 
[vom [Datum einfügen] (ein-
schließlich) bis zum [Datum 
einfügen] (ausschließlich) [] % per 
annum] [weitere Perioden und 
Prozentsätze einfügen] 
[from, and including, [insert date] to, 
but excluding, [insert date] [] per 
cent. per annum] [insert further 
periods and percentages] 
 
abzüglich 
minus 
[vom [Datum einfügen] (ein-
schließlich) bis zum [Datum 
einfügen] (ausschließlich) [] % per 
annum] [weitere Perioden und 
Prozentsätze einfügen] 
[from, and including, [insert date] to, 
but excluding, [insert date] [] per 
cent. per annum] [insert further 
periods and percentages] 
Bildschirmseite 
[relevante Bildschirmseite einfügen] 
[relevanten Informationsanbieter 
einfügen]

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
Screen page 
[insert relevant Screen Page] [insert 
relevant information vendor]  
Erste Stufe der Ausweichbestimmungen 
 
First level of the fall-back provisions 
 
Referenzbanken 
[[] [vier] [andere relevante Zahl 
einfügen] Großbanken im 
[relevantes Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] Interbankenmarkt [der 
Euro-Zone]] [Namen der 
Referenzbanken einfügen] 
Reference Banks 
[[] [four] [insert other relevant 
number] major banks in the [insert 
relevant financial centre] interbank 
market [of the Euro-zone]] [Insert 
names of Reference Banks] 
 
Interbanken-Markt 
[Euro-Zone] [anderes relevantes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Interbank market 
[Euro-zone] [insert other relevant 
financial centre] 
 
Uhrzeit 
[11.00] [andere relevante Tageszeit 
einfügen] Uhr [Brüsseler] [anderes 
relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Ortszeit 
Time 
[11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant 
time] [Brussels] [insert other relevant 
financial centre] time 
Zweite Stufe der Ausweichbestimmungen 
 
Second level of the fall-back provisions 
 
 
Großbanken 
[in [relevantes Finanzzentrum 
einfügen]] [im [relevantes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Interbankenmarkt [der Euro-Zone] 
Major Banks 
[in [insert relevant financial centre]] 
[in the [insert relevant financial 
centre] interbank market [of the 
Euro-zone] 
 
Uhrzeit 
[11.00] [andere relevante Tageszeit 
einfügen] Uhr [Brüsseler] [anderes 
relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Ortszeit am [Feststellungstag] [ersten 
Tag der relevanten Zinsperiode] 
Time 
[11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant 
time] [Brussels] [insert other relevant 
financial centre] time on the 
[Determination Day] [first day of the 
relevant Interest Period] 
Mindest- und Höchstzinssatz  
 
Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest 
 
 
Mindestzinssatz6 
[] % per annum 
                                                     
6  
Falls die EZB-Fähigkeit der Schuldverschreibungen angestrebt wird, sollte die anwendbare Leitlinie der EZB über die Umsetzung des 
geldpolitischen Handlungsrahmens des Eurosystems hinsichtlich etwaiger Anforderungen an die Verzinsung der Schuldverschreibungen 
geprüft werden. 
 
If the Notes are intended to be Eurosystem eligible, the applicable Guideline of the ECB on the implementation of the Eurosystem 
monetary policy framework should be checked with regard to any requirements relating to the interest rate structure of the Notes.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
Minimum Rate of Interest 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
Höchstzinssatz 
Maximum Rate of Interest 
[] % per annum 
[] per cent. per annum]7 
Letzte Stufe der Ausweichbestimmungen 
 
Final level of the fall-back provisions 
 
 
Referenzzinssatz, der in Bezug auf die letzte Zinsperiode festgestellt 
wurde, in der der Zinssatz gemäß §3(2) festgestellt wurde 
 
Reference Interest Rate determined with respect to the last 
Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest was determined in 
accordance with §3(2). 
 
 
Kündigung 
 
Termination 
 
Zinstagequotient 
 
Day Count Fraction 
 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)8 
 
[Feststellungstermin[e]9 
[] in jedem Kalenderjahr (jeder 
[Datum einfügen]) 
Determination Date[s] 
[] per each calendar year (each 
[insert date])] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
30/360 oder/or 360/360 oder/or Bond Basis 
 
 
30E/360 oder/or Eurobond Basis 
 
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 4) 
 
PAYMENTS (§ 4) 
 
Zahltag 
 
Payment Business Day 
 
Geschäftstagskonvention 
 
Business Day Convention 
 
 
Modified Following Business Day Convention10 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
FRN Convention11 
[relevante Zahl einfügen] [Monate] 
[andere 
festgelegte 
Zinsperiode 
einfügen] 
FRN Convention 
[insert relevant number] [months] 
[insert other specified Interest 
Period] 
                                                     
7  
Im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen nicht einfügen. 
 
In the case of Fixed Rate Notes do not insert. 
8  
Nur im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
 
Insert only in the case of Fixed Rate Notes. 
9  
Einzusetzen ist die Anzahl der regulären Zinszahlungstage, wobei im Falle einer langen oder kurzen ersten bzw. letzten Zinsperiode der 
Ausgabetag bzw. der Fälligkeitstag nicht zu berücksichtigen sind. 
 
Insert the number of regular interest payment dates ignoring issue date or Maturity Date in the case of a long or short first or last interest 
period. 
10 
Nur im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
Insert only in case of Floating Rate Notes. 
11 
Nur im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
Insert only in case of Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention12 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
 
der in § 1 (6) definierte Geschäftstag 
the Business Day as defined in § 1 (6) 
 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche relevanten Finanzzentren 
einfügen] 
Commercial banks and foreign exchange markets in [insert all relevant 
financial centres] 
 
 
TARGET 
 
Anpassung des Zinsbetrags13 
[Angepasst] [Nicht angepasst] 
Adjustment of Amount of Interest 
[Adjusted] [Unadjusted] 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 5) 
 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit 
 
Redemption at Maturity 
 
 
Fälligkeitstag 
Maturity Date 
[] 
 
Rückzahlungsmonat14 
Redemption Month 
[] 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
 
Final Redemption Amount 
 
 
Nennbetrag 
Principal Amount 
 
 
Festgelegter Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[Festgelegten Rückzahlungsbetrag 
für die festgelegte Stückelung 
einfügen, der nicht niedriger als der 
Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibung sein darf] 
Specified Final Redemption Amount 
[insert Specified Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of the Specified 
Denomination, which shall not be 
less than the principal amount of 
the Note] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation 
Ja 
Yes 
Alternative 1 anwendbar  
[Ja] [Nein] 
Alternative 1 applicable  
[Yes] [No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call) 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call) 
[Yes] [No] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e] (Call) 
[] 
                                                     
12  
Nur im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
 
Insert only in case of Floating Rate Notes. 
13  
Nur im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
 
Insert only in case of Floating Rate Notes. 
14 
Nur im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
Insert only in case of Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
Call Redemption Date[s] 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] [Wahl-Rückzahlungsbeträge] (Call) 
[] 
Call Redemption Amount[s] 
 
Mindestkündigungsfrist 
[15 Tage] [andere Mindestkün-
digungsfrist einfügen, die nicht 
weniger als 5 Tage betragen darf]15 
Minimum Notice Period 
[15 days] [insert other Minimum 
Notice Period which shall not be less 
than 5 days]] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Make Whole)16 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Make Whole) 
[Yes] [No] 
[Aufschlag 
[Prozentsatz einfügen] 
Premium 
[insert percentage rate] 
Benchmark-Rendite 
Die auf der Bildschirmseite am 
Rückzahlungsberechnungstag (Make 
Whole) um oder gegen [Uhrzeit 
einfügen] ([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen]) 
angezeigte Rendite der 
Referenzbenchmark. 
Benchmark Yield 
The yield of the Pricing Benchmark 
which appears on the Screen Page on 
the Call Redemption Calculation Date 
(Make Whole) at or about [insert 
relevant time] ([insert relevant 
financial centre] time). 
Ausweichbestimmungen 
[relevante Emittentin einfügen] 
Fall-back Provisions 
[insert relevant issuer] 
Referenzbenchmark 
Den für die Preisfestsetzung der 
Schuldverschreibungen herange-
zogene, auf [relevante Währung 
einfügen] lautende, Benchmark-
schuldtitel [der] [des] [relevante 
Emittentin einfügen], d. h. die 
[Beschreibung des relevanten 
Benchmarkschuldtitels einfügen] 
(ISIN [relevanten Bench-
markschuldtitel einfügen]). 
Pricing Benchmark 
The [insert relevant currency] 
denominated benchmark debt security 
of [insert relevant issuer] used for 
pricing the Notes, being the [insert 
description of the relevant pricing 
benchmark] (ISIN [insert relevant 
benchmark]. 
                                                     
15 
Falls von den in den Bedingungen vorgeschlagenen Kündigungsfristen abweichende Kündigungsfristen gewählt werden, sollte die 
Emittentin die Auswirkungen auf die Informationsvermittlung durch Intermediäre (z.B. durch die Clearingsysteme) sowie auf die weiteren 
hiermit zusammenhängenden Benachrichtigungspflichten (z.B. zwischen der Emittentin und den Emissions- bzw. Zahlstellen) 
berücksichtigen. 
If notice periods are specified which are different from those suggested in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries (e.g. Clearing Systems), as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply (e.g. between the Issuer and the Fiscal and the Paying Agents). 
16 
Nur im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
Insert only in case of Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
Bildschirmseite 
Die [Bloomberg] [anderen 
relevanten Informationsanbieter 
einfügen]-Seite [[ISIN] Govt HP] 
[andere relevante Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] [([sofern anwendbar, 
Einstellung einfügen: unter 
Verwendung der Einstellung "[Last 
Yield to Convention] [andere 
Einstellung einfügen]"] [sofern an-
wendbar, Preisquelle einfügen: 
[und][mit] der Preisquelle "[FRNK] 
[andere relevante Preisquelle 
einfügen]"])] oder eine andere 
Anzeigeseite, welche die 
Bildschirmseite bei dem von 
[relevanten Informationsanbieter 
einfügen] betriebenen Dienst 
gegebenenfalls ersetzt. 
Screen Page 
[Bloomberg] [insert other relevant 
service provider] page [[ISIN] Govt 
HP] [insert other relevant screen 
page] [([if applicable, insert setting: 
using the setting "[Last Yield to 
Convention] [insert other relevant 
setting]"] [if applicable, insert 
pricing source: [and] using the 
pricing source "[FRNK] [insert other 
relevant pricing source]"])] or such 
other display page as may replace 
such Screen Page on the service 
provided by [insert relevant service 
provider]] 
Rückzahlungsberechnungstag (Make Whole) 
Der [fünfzehnte][] Tag vor dem 
Tag, an dem die Vorzeitige 
Kündigung gemäß § [13] als wirksam 
angesehen wird, oder, sofern der 
[fünfzehnte][] Tag kein Zahltag ist, 
den Zahltag, der unmittelbar vor dem 
fünfzehnten Tag liegt. 
Call Redemption Calculation Date (Make Whole) 
The [fifteenth][] day prior to the 
date on which the Notice of Early 
Redemption is deemed to have 
become effective pursuant to § [13], 
or, in case the [fifteenth][] day is not 
a Payment Business Day, the Payment 
Business Day immediately prior to the 
fifteenth day. 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin ([Two][Three][] 
Months Par Call)  
[Ja] [Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer ([Two][Three][] Months Par 
Call) 
[Yes] [No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei geringem 
ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Minimal Outstanding Aggregate 
Principal Amount of the Notes) 
[Yes] [No] 
[Gesamtnennbetrag 
[relevanten Prozentsatz einfügen]

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
[insert relevant percentage rate]] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers (Put) 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder (Put) 
[Yes] [No] 
[[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag] [Wahl-Rückzahlungstage] (Put) 
[] 
Put Redemption Date[s] 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag] [Wahl-Rückzahlungsbeträge] (Put) 
[] 
Put Redemption Amount[s] 
 
Mindestkündigungsfrist 
[30 Tage] [andere 
Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen, 
die nicht weniger als 15 Tage 
betragen darf]17 
Minimum Notice Period 
[30 days] [insert other Minimum 
Notice Period, which shall not be 
less than 15 days] 
Höchstkündigungsfrist 
[60 Tage] [andere Höchstkün-
digungsfrist einfügen] 
Maximum Notice Period 
[60 days] [insert other Maximum 
Notice Period]] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung wegen eines Kontrollwechsels 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Early Redemption for Reasons of a Change of Control 
[Yes] [No] 
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag  
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
 
Final Redemption Amount 
 
Sonstiger Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[] 
Other Redemption Amount 
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE [[,] [UND] [DIE ZAHLSTELLE[N]] [UND DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] (§ 6) 
FISCAL AGENT [[,] [AND] [PAYING AGENT[S]] [AND CALCULATION AGENT] (§ 6) 
 
Zahlstelle[n] und deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle[n] 
Paying agent[s] and [its] [their] specified office[s] 
[] 
 
Berechnungsstelle und deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle18 
Calculation Agent and its specified office 
[] 
[Vorgeschriebener Ort für Berechnungsstelle 
[]] 
Required location of Calculation Agent 
 
 
Name der relevanten Börse19 
[relevanten Namen einfügen] 
Name of relevant stock exchange 
[insert relevant name] 
 
Sitz der relevanten Börse20 
[relevantes Land einfügen] 
Location of relevant stock exchange 
[insert relevant country] 
[ÄNDERUNG DER BEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER (§ 11) 
                                                     
17 
Falls von den in den Bedingungen vorgeschlagenen Kündigungsfristen abweichende Kündigungsfristen gewählt werden, sollte die 
Emittentin die Auswirkungen auf die Informationsvermittlung durch Intermediäre (z.B. durch die Clearingsysteme) sowie auf die weiteren 
hiermit zusammenhängenden Benachrichtigungspflichten (z.B. zwischen der Emittentin und den Emissions- bzw. Zahlstellen) 
berücksichtigen. 
If notice periods are specified which are different from those suggested in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries (e.g. Clearing Systems), as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply (e,g. between the Issuer and the Fiscal and the Paying Agents). 
18 
Im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen nur dann einfügen, wenn die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Wahl 
(Make Whole) vorzeitig zurückzahlen darf. 
In case of Fixed Rate Notes insert only in case the Issuer may redeem the Notes early at its option (make whole). 
19 
Nur im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die zum Handel an einem geregelten Markt zugelassen werden, einfügen. 
Insert only in case of Notes to be admitted to trading on a regulated market. 
20 
Nur im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die zum Handel an einem geregelten Markt zugelassen werden, einfügen. 
Insert only in case of Notes to be admitted to trading on a regulated market.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
AMENDMENT OF THE CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE (§ 11) 
 
Anwendbar 
Applicable  
 
 
Nicht anwendbar 
Not applicable  
 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger 
Appointment of a Joint Representative of the Holders 
 
 
durch Mehrheitsbeschluss der Gläubiger 
by majority resolution of the Holders  
 
 
in den Bedingungen 
[Namen und Anschrift einfügen] 
in the Conditions 
[insert name and address]] 
MITTEILUNGEN (§ [13]) 
 
NOTICES (§ [13]) 
 
 
Schuldverschreibungen, die an einem geregelten Markt einer Börse zum 
Handel zugelassen werden 
 
Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of a stock exchange 
 
 
Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu) 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) 
 
 
Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht an einem geregelten Markt einer Börse 
zum Handel zugelassen werden 
 
Notes not admitted to trading on the regulated market of a stock 
exchange 
 
SPRACHE DER BEDINGUNGEN (§ [15])21 
 
LANGUAGE OF THE CONDITIONS (§ [15]) 
 
 
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text bindend) 
German and English (German language binding) 
 
 
Deutsch und Englisch (englischer Text bindend) 
German and English (English language binding) 
 
 
ausschließlich Englisch 
English only 
 
 
 
 
                                                     
21 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. 
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
TEIL B: ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN 
PART B: OTHER INFORMATION 
 
A. WICHTIGE ANGABEN 
 
A. KEY INFORMATION 
 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher oder juristischer Personen, die an der Emission bzw. dem Angebot beteiligt sind 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue or the Offering 
 
[[Mit Ausnahme [der an [den] [die] Manager zu zahlenden Gebühren] [des] [der] wirtschaftlichen [Interesses] 
[Interessen] [des Managers] [der Manager]] [des von [] mit der Emittentin im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangenen [Swapvertrags] [Derivatevertrags]] [haben die] [Die] an der Emission 
bzw. dem Angebot der Schuldverschreibungen beteiligten Personen [haben] – soweit die Emittentin hiervon 
Kenntnis hat – kein materielles Interesse an der Emission bzw. dem Angebot.] [Einzelheiten angeben] 
[[Save for [the fees payable to the Manager[s]] [the commercial interest[s] of the Manager[s]] [the [swap] 
[derivatives] agreement [] and the Issuer have entered into with regard to the Notes], so] [So] far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the issue or offering of the Notes has an interest material to the issue or the 
offering.] [specify details] 
 
Keine 
None 
Verwendung der Erlöse [] 
Use of Proceeds [] 
Geschätzter Nettoerlös [] 
Estimated Net Proceeds [] 
[EZB-Fähigkeit der im NGN-Format zu begebenden Schuldverschreibungen 
beabsichtigt22 
 
Eurosystem Eligibility of the Notes to Be Issued in NGN Form Intended 
 
Die Globalurkunden sollen in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden. 
 
The Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which will allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. 
 
 
Ja 
Yes 
"Ja" bedeutet, dass die Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Begebung von der gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle (common 
safekeeper) der ICSDs verwahrt werden. "Ja" bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass die Schuldverschreibungen 
zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit als zulässige Sicherheiten für die Zwecke der Geldpolitik und für 
Innertageskredite vom Eurosystem anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung hängt davon ab, ob die EZB davon 
überzeugt ist, dass die Zulässigkeitskriterien des Eurosystems erfüllt sind. 
"Yes" means that the Notes, after having been issued, will be held by a common safekeeper of the ICSDs. "Yes" 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met. 
 
Nein  
No 
Auch wenn am Tag dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen die Angabe "Nein" lautet, können die Schuldverschreibungen 
dann, wenn sich die Zulässigkeitskriterien des Eurosystems in der Zukunft dergestalt ändern, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen diese einhalten können, bei einem ICSD als gemeinsamer Verwahrer (common safekeeper) 
hinterlegt (und auf den Namen eines von einem der ICSDs Beauftragten als gemeinsamer Verwahrer (common 
safekeeper) eingetragen) werden. Dies bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit als zulässige Sicherheiten für die Zwecke der Geldpolitik und für 
Innertageskredite vom Eurosystem anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung hängt davon ab, ob die EZB davon 
überzeugt ist, dass die Zulässigkeitskriterien des Eurosystems erfüllt sind. 
While the designation is specified as "No" at the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper (and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper). Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
                                                     
22  
Nur auszufüllen für Schuldverschreibungen, die im NGN-Format begeben werden. 
To be completed only for Notes to be issued in NGN form.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
B. INFORMATIONEN ÜBER DIE ANZUBIETENDEN [BZW. ZUM HANDEL ZUZULASSENDEN] 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
B. INFORMATION CONCERNING THE NOTES TO BE OFFERED [OR ADMITTED TO TRADING] 
Wertpapierkennnummern 
 
Security Codes 
 
 
ISIN  
[] 
ISIN  
 
 
FISN 
[] 
FISN 
 
 
CFI 
[] 
CFI 
 
 
Common Code 
[] 
Common Code 
 
 
Wertpapierkennnummer (WKN) 
[] 
German Security Code 
 
 
Sonstige Wertpapierkennnummer 
[] 
Any Other Security Code 
 
Emissionsrendite im Fall von Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit23 
[Nicht anwendbar] [[] % per 
annum] 
Issue Yield in Case of Redemption at Final Maturity 
[Not applicable] [[] per cent. per 
annum] 
Vertretung der Gläubiger unter Angabe der die Gläubiger vertretenden 
Organisation und der für diese Vertretung geltenden Bestimmungen. Angabe des 
Ortes, an dem die Öffentlichkeit die Verträge, die diese Repräsentationsformen 
regeln, einsehen kann24 
[Gemäß § 11 Absatz (6) der 
Bedingungen können die Gläubiger 
zur Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte 
einen gemeinsamen Vertreter für alle 
Gläubiger bestimmen.] [Nicht 
anwendbar]  
Representation of the Holders including an identification of the organisation 
representing the Holders and provisions applying to such representation. 
Indication of where the public may have access to the contracts relating to these 
forms of representation 
[Pursuant to § 11 (6) of the 
Conditions, the Holders may appoint 
a joint representative to exercise the 
Holders' rights on behalf of each 
Holder.] [Not applicable]  
Beschlüsse, Ermächtigungen und Billigungen, welche die Grundlage für die 
Schaffung/Emission der Schuldverschreibungen bilden 
[Die Ermächtigung zur Emission der 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgte 
gemäß Beschluss des Vorstands vom 
[] [und gemäß Beschluss des 
Aufsichtsrats vom []].] 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Resolutions, authorisations and approvals by virtue of which the Notes will be 
created and/or issued 
[The issue of the Notes was 
authorized by a resolution of the 
Board of Management of the Issuer 
dated [] [and by a resolution of the 
Supervisory Board of the Issuer 
dated []].] [specify details] 
C. PLATZIERUNG UND ÜBERNAHME 
 
C. PLACING AND UNDERWRITING 
 
Vertriebsmethode 
 
Method of Distribution 
 
 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
Non-syndicated 
 
                                                     
23 
Nur im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
Insert only in case of Fixed Rate Notes. 
24 
Weitere Einzelheiten für den Fall einfügen, dass gemäß § 11 der Bedingungen ein Gemeinsamer Vertreter bestellt wird. 
Specify further details in case a Holders' Representative will be appointed pursuant to § 11 of the Conditions.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
 
Syndiziert 
 
Syndicated 
 
Einzelheiten bezüglich [des Managers] [der Manager] [einschließlich der Art 
der Übernahmeverpflichtung] 
 
Details with Regard to the Manager[s] [Including the Type of Commitment] 
 
Manager 
[Namen und Adresse(n) des 
Managers bzw. der Manager 
angeben]  
Manager[s] 
[specify name(s) and address(es) of 
Manager(s)] 
 
Feste Übernahmeverpflichtung 
 
Firm Commitment 
 
 
Ohne feste Übernahmeverpflichtung 
 
Without Firm Commitment  
 
Kursstabilisierender Manager 
[Einzelheiten angeben] [Keiner] 
Stabilization Manager 
[specify details] [None] 
D. ZULASSUNG[EN] ZUM HANDEL UND HANDELSMODALITÄTEN 
D. ADMISSION[S] TO TRADING AND DEALING ARRANGEMENTS 
Zulassung[en] zum Handel 
Admission[s] to Trading 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[Yes] [No] 
 
Geregelter Markt "Bourse de Luxembourg" 
Regulated Market "Bourse de Luxembourg" 
 
 
Sonstige Börse 
Other Stock Exchange 
[Namen der Börse einfügen] 
[insert name of Stock Exchange] 
Erwarteter Termin der Zulassung[en] 
[] 
Expected Date of Admission[s]  
 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel 
[] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to the admission to trading 
 
E. ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN 
E. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Rating[s] 
 
Rating[s] 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen haben] [Es wird erwartet, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen] [das folgende Rating] [die folgenden  
Ratings] [haben]25: 
[Rating(s) 
einfügen] 
[Nicht 
anwendbar] 
[The Notes have been] [It is expected that the Notes will be] rated as follows: 
[Rating(s) to be inserted] [Not 
applicable] 
[Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutungen der Ratings einfügen, wenn diese vorher von der Ratingagentur veröffentlicht 
wurden. 
Incude brief explanation of the meanings of the ratings if these have been previously published by the rating provider.] 
[Einzelheiten darüber einfügen, ob die jeweilige Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Union hat und 
gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. September 2009 über 
Ratingagenturen, in ihrer geänderten Fassung, registriert ist (gemäß dem aktuellen Verzeichnis der registrierten 
Ratingagenturen, das auf der Internetseite der Europäischen Wertpapier- und Marktaufsichtsbehörde 
(www.esma.europa.eu) veröffentlicht ist) oder die Registrierung beantragt hat. 
Insert details on whether the relevant rating agency is established in the European Union and is registered (pursuant to 
the current list of registered and certified credit rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (www.esma.europa.eu)) pursuant to Regulation (EC) no 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of September 16, 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended, or has applied for registration.] 
Registrierung des Administrators gemäß der Benchmark-Verordnung26 
 
Registration of the Administrator pursuant to the Benchmarks Regulation 
 
                                                     
25 
Falls die Schuldverschreibungen Einzelratings erhalten, sind diese Ratings einzufügen.  
In case the Notes receive an individual ratings insert such ratings.  
26  
Nur im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
Insert only in case of Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
Benchmark 
[Namen der Benchmark einfügen] 
Benchmark 
[insert name of the Benchmark] 
Administrator der Benchmark  
[Namen 
des 
Administrators 
einfügen] 
Benchmark Administrator 
[insert name of the Administrator] 
Eintragung des Benchmark-Administrators in das von der Europäischen 
Wertpapier- und Marktaufsichtsbehörde ("ESMA") gemäß Artikel 36 der 
Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 
8. Juni 2016 über Indizes, die bei Finanzinstrumenten und Finanzkontrakten als 
Referenzwert oder zur Messung der Wertentwicklung eines Investmentfonds 
verwendet werden, und zur Änderung der Richtlinien 2008/48/EG und 
2014/17/EU sowie der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 596/2014 (die "Benchmark-
Verordnung") erstellte und geführte Register der Administratoren 
[Zutreffend] [Nicht zutreffend] 
[Nach Kenntnis der Emittentin [fällt 
[Benchmark einfügen] aufgrund 
von Artikel 2 der Benchmark-
Verordnung nicht in den 
Anwendungsbereich der Benchmark-
Verordnung] [gelten die 
Übergangsbestimmungen nach 
Artikel 51 der Benchmark-
Verordnung], weshalb für [Namen 
des Administrators einfügen] 
derzeit keine [einfügen, wenn der 
betreffende Administrator 
innerhalb des EWR ansässig ist] 
[Zulassungs- oder 
Registrierungspflicht] [einfügen, 
wenn der betreffende 
Administrator außerhalb des 
EWR ansässig ist] [Anerkennungs-, 
Übernahme- oder 
Gleichwertigkeitspflicht] besteht.] 
Registration of the Benchmark Administrator in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of June 8, 2016 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 
2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the "Benchmarks Regulation") 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] [As far 
as the Issuer is aware, [[insert 
benchmark] does not fall within the 
scope of the Benchmarks Regulation 
by virtue of Article 2 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation] [the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 
of the Benchmarks Regulation 
apply], such that [insert name of 
Administrator] is not currently 
required to obtain [insert in case 
relevant administrator is located 
within the EEA] [authorisation or 
registration] [insert in case relevant 
administrator is located outside the 
EEA] [recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)].] 
Verkaufsbeschränkungen  
 
Selling Restrictions  
 
Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum (im Sinne 
der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014) 
Anwendbar  
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area (within the 
meaning of Regulation (EU) 1286/2014) 
Applicable  
Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich (im Sinne der 
Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 wie sie aufgrund des European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 Teil des nationalen Rechts des Vereinigten Königreichs 
ist) 
Anwendbar  
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom (within the meaning 
of Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018) 
Applicable  
 
 
Nicht befreites Angebot 
Nein 
Non-exempt offer  
No

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Third Party Information 
[Not applicable] 
[[Die oben aufgeführten Ratings wurden in der von der jeweils maßgeblichen Ratingagentur erhaltenen Form 
wiedergegeben] [[und] [relevante Informationen angeben] wurde[n] aus [relevante Informationsquelle angeben] 
extrahiert]. Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Angaben korrekt wiedergegeben wurden und nach Wissen der Emittentin 
und – soweit für sie aus den von [relevante Informationsquelle angeben] veröffentlichten Angaben ersichtlich – keine 
Auslassungen beinhalten, die die wiedergegebenen Angaben inkorrekt oder irreführend gestalten würden. Die Emittentin 
hat diese Angaben nicht selbständig überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit. 
[The ratings set out above have been sourced from each relevant rating agency] [[and] [specify relevant information] 
[has] [have] been extracted from [specify relevant source of information]]. The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, as far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify 
relevant source of information], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. The Issuer has not independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy 
thereof.] 
 
Im Namen der Emittentin unterzeichnet 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE 
[Namen und Titel der Unterzeichnenden angeben] 
[specify names and titles of signatories]

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
6. 
DESCRIPTION OF PROSIEBENSAT.1 MEDIA SE AS ISSUER 
6.1 
Statutory Auditors 
The independent auditors of the Issuer for the Financial Year 2020 and the Financial Year 2021 were Ernst & Young 
GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Stuttgart, Berlin office, Friedrichstr. 140, 10117 Berlin, Germany ("EY"). 
EY is a member of the German Chamber of Public Accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer), Rauchstraße 26, 10787 
Berlin, Germany. 
6.2 
Selected Financial Information of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group 
The following tables set out the key financial information of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group extracted from the Audited 
Consolidated Financial Statements 2021 (including the comparative financial information as of and for the financial year 
ended December 31, 2020) and the accounting records or internal management reporting systems of the Issuer. 
The Audited Consolidated Financial Statements were prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards as adopted by the European Union ("IFRS") and the additional requirements of Section 315e para. 1 of the 
German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch, "HGB").  
Where financial information in the tables below is labeled "audited", this means that it was extracted from the Audited 
Consolidated Financial Statements. The label "unaudited" is used in the tables below to indicate financial information 
that was not extracted from the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements but was extracted from the accounting records 
or internal management reporting systems of the Issuer, or is based on calculations of figures from the aforementioned 
sources. 
Unless indicated otherwise, all financial information presented in the tables below is shown in millions of Euro (in EUR 
million). Certain financial information, including percentages, has been rounded according to established commercial 
standards. As a result, rounded figures in the tables included below may not add up to the aggregate amounts in such 
tables (sum totals or subtotals), which are calculated based on unrounded figures. Furthermore, changes and ratios are 
calculated based on rounded figures and may therefore deviate from changes or ratios calculated based on unrounded 
figures appearing elsewhere in this Prospectus. Financial information presented in parentheses denotes the negative of 
such number presented. A dash ("–") signifies that the relevant figure is not available or zero, while a zero ("0.0") signifies 
that the relevant figure has been rounded to zero. 
The following tables contain certain non-IFRS financial measures that are not required by, or presented in accordance 
with, IFRS. Each such measure is defined specifically in the tables below the first time it is mentioned. The Issuer presents 
these non-IFRS financial measures because they are used by its management for monitoring the ProSiebenSat.1 Group's 
business and management believes these non-IFRS financial measures facilitate an understanding of the underlying 
performance of the Group. The non-IFRS financial measures used by the Issuer are alternative performance measures as 
defined in the guidelines issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on October 5, 2015 on 
alternative performance measures (the "ESMA Guidelines"). The definitions of the non-IFRS financial measures may 
not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies and have limitations as analytical tools and should 
not be considered in isolation or as substitute for the analysis of the Group's operating results as reported under IFRS.  
With effect as from January 1, 2021, the ProSiebenSat.1 Group changed its segment structure and is since that date 
organized in the three segments "Entertainment", "Dating" and "Commerce & Ventures" as further described below in 
Section 6.4 "Business Overview" "(c) Strategy and Principal Activities" and "(d) The Operating Segments of 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group" below. The figures as of and for the financial year ended December 31, 2020 included in the 
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2021 as comparative financial information have been adjusted accordingly. 
In the fourth quarter of the Financial Year 2021, ProSiebenSat.1 renamed its "Dating" segment to "Dating & Video". 
The following selected financial information and operating data should be read, in particular, in conjunction with the 
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2021, including the respective notes thereto, which are incorporated into this 
Prospectus by reference (please see Section 10. "Documents Incorporated by Reference").

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
(a) 
Financial Information from the Consolidated Income Statement 
 
 
For the financial year 
ended  
December 31, 
 
2021 
2020(1) 
 
(in EUR million) 
 
(audited) 
 
 
 
Revenues ...................................................................................................... 
4,494 
4,047 
Cost of sales ................................................................................................. 
(2,746) 
(2,468) 
Gross profit ................................................................................................. 
1,748 
1,579 
Selling expenses ........................................................................................... 
(712) 
(646) 
Administrative expenses .............................................................................. 
(501) 
(538) 
Other operating expenses ............................................................................. 
(11) 
(12) 
Other operating income ................................................................................ 
30 
169 
Operating result ......................................................................................... 
553 
553 
Interest and similar income ...................................................................... 
16 
3 
Interest and similar expenses ................................................................... 
(56) 
(76) 
Interest result ................................................................................................ 
(40) 
(73) 
Result from investments accounted for using the equity method ................. 
(41) 
(77) 
Other financial result .................................................................................... 
135 
(32) 
Financial result ........................................................................................... 
54 
(183) 
Result before income taxes ........................................................................ 
607 
370 
Income taxes................................................................................................. 
(165) 
(118) 
Net income................................................................................................... 
442 
252 
Net income attributable to shareholders of ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE ......... 
449 
267 
Net income attributable to non-controlling interests .................................... 
(7) 
(15) 
 _______________________________  
(1) 
Financial information for the Financial Year 2020 is taken from the respective comparative financial information included in the Audited 
Consolidated Financial Statements 2021.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
(b) 
Financial Information from the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2020(1) 
 
(in EUR million) 
 
(audited, unless otherwise noted) 
Goodwill and other intangible assets(2) ......................................................... 
3,030 
3,120 
Programming assets ..................................................................................... 
973 
1,072 
Property, plant and equipment...................................................................... 
495 
443 
Investments accounted for using the equity method .................................... 
61 
14 
Other non-current assets(3) ............................................................................ 
423 
327 
Total non-current assets ............................................................................ 
4,982 
4,975 
Programming assets ..................................................................................... 
172 
141 
Inventories .................................................................................................... 
49 
44 
Other current assets(4) ................................................................................... 
789 
697 
Cash and cash equivalents ............................................................................ 
594 
1,224 
Total current assets .................................................................................... 
1,605 
2,106 
Total assets .................................................................................................. 
6,587 
7,081 
Total equity attributable to shareholders of ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE(5) ..... 
1,755 
1,333 
Non-controlling interests .............................................................................. 
343 
354 
Equity .......................................................................................................... 
2,099 
1,687 
Non-current financial liabilities(6)................................................................. 
2,794 
3,075 
Other non-current liabilities ......................................................................... 
16 
4 
Non-current provisions(7) .............................................................................. 
82 
77 
Deferred tax liabilities .................................................................................. 
248 
260 
Total non-current liabilities ....................................................................... 
3,138 
3,417 
Current financial liabilities(8) ........................................................................ 
686 
1,328 
Other current liabilities................................................................................. 
397 
374 
Current tax liabilities .................................................................................... 
141 
133 
Other current provisions ............................................................................... 
126 
142 
Total current liabilities .............................................................................. 
1,350 
1,977 
Total equity and liabilities ......................................................................... 
6,587 
7,081 
 
 _______________________________  
(1) 
Financial information as of December 31, 2020 is taken from the respective comparative financial information included in the Audited 
Consolidated Financial Statements 2021. 
(2) 
Unaudited.  
(3) 
Unaudited. Other non-current assets include non-current other financial assets, other receivables and non-current assets and deferred tax 
assets, each as shown in the consolidated statement of financial position in the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2021. 
(4) 
Unaudited. Other current assets include current other financial assets, trade receivables, current tax assets and other receivables and current 
assets, each as shown in the consolidated statement of financial position in the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2021. 
(5) 
Total equity attributable to shareholders of ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE includes subscribed capital, capital reserves, consolidated equity 
generated, treasury shares, accumulated other comprehensive income and other equity, each as shown in the consolidated statement of 
financial position in the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2021. 
(6) 
Unaudited. Non-current financial liabilities include non-current financial debt, other non-current financial liabilities and non-current trade 
payables, each as shown in the consolidated statement of financial position in the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2021. 
(7) 
Unaudited. Non-current provisions include provisions for pensions and other non-current provisions, each as shown in the consolidated 
statement of financial position in the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2021. 
(8) 
Unaudited. Current financial liabilities include current financial debt, other current financial liabilities and current trade payables, each as 
shown in the consolidated statement of financial position in the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2021.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
(c) 
Financial Information from the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
 
 
As of and for the financial year 
ended 
December 31, 
 
2021 
2020(1) 
 
(in EUR million) 
 
(audited) 
Cash flow from operating activities ...............................................................  
1,539 
1,511 
Cash flow from investing activities ................................................................  
(1,249) 
(1,391) 
Cash flow from financing activities ...............................................................  
(940) 
205 
Change in cash and cash equivalents .............................................................  
(630) 
274 
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents .............  
20 
(50) 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of reporting period .............................  
1,224 
950 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of reporting period .................................  
594 
1,224 
 _______________________________  
(1) 
Financial information as of and for the Financial Year 2020 is taken from the respective comparative financial information included in the 
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2021. 
(d) 
Segment Information 
 
 
For the financial year 
ended 
December 31, 
 
2021 
2020(1) 
 
(in EUR million) 
 
(audited) 
Entertainment(2) 
 
 
Revenues ...........................................................................................................  
3,218 
2,893 
External Revenues .............................................................................................  
3,098 
2,768 
Internal Revenues ..............................................................................................  
120 
125 
Adjusted EBITDA(3) ..........................................................................................  
698 
561 
Dating & Video(2) 
 
 
Revenues ...........................................................................................................  
542 
333 
External Revenues .............................................................................................  
542 
333 
Internal Revenues ..............................................................................................  
0 
— 
Adjusted EBITDA(3) ..........................................................................................  
119 
80 
Commerce & Ventures(2) 
 
 
Revenues ...........................................................................................................  
857 
963 
External Revenues .............................................................................................  
854 
945 
Internal Revenues ..............................................................................................  
3 
18 
Adjusted EBITDA(3) ..........................................................................................  
50 
84 
Reconciliation (Holding & other)(2) 
 
 
Revenues ...........................................................................................................  
(122) 
(143) 
External Revenues .............................................................................................  
— 
— 
Internal Revenues ..............................................................................................  
(122) 
(143) 
Adjusted EBITDA(3) ..........................................................................................  
(26) 
(19) 
 _______________________________  
(1) 
Financial information for the Financial Year 2020 is taken from the respective comparative financial information included in the Audited 
Consolidated Financial Statements 2021. 
(2) 
Figures and segment structure for the Financial Year 2020 are extracted from the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2021. 
Segments are labeled with the segment names of the segment reporting as included in the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
2021. 
(3) 
Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income before financial result, income taxes, depreciation, amortization and impairments of other 
intangible and tangible assets (after programming asset consumption), adjusted for special effects (reconciling items).

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
The following table shows a reconciliation of ProSiebenSat.1 Group's segment adjusted EBITDA to net income and from 
net income to adjusted net income for the periods indicated: 
 
 
For the financial year 
ended 
December 31, 
 
2021 
2020(1) 
 
(in EUR million) 
 
(unaudited, unless otherwise 
noted) 
Adjusted EBITDA of reportable segments* .......................................................  
867 
725 
Eliminations and other reconciliations* ..................................................................  
(26) 
(19) 
Adjusted EBITDA of the Group* ........................................................................  
840 
706 
Reconciling items(2)*...............................................................................................  
(36) 
95 
EBITDA ................................................................................................................  
804 
801 
Depreciation, amortization and impairments* ........................................................  
(251) 
(248) 
Operating Result* .................................................................................................  
553 
553 
Financial result* ......................................................................................................  
54 
(183) 
Income taxes* .........................................................................................................  
(165) 
(118) 
Net income* ...........................................................................................................  
442 
252 
Reconciling items within EBITDA(2) * ...................................................................  
36 
(95) 
Depreciation, amortization and impairments from purchase price allocations .......  
59(3) 
52 
Valuation effects in other financial result ..............................................................  
(130) 
(7) 
Valuation effects of put-options and earn-out liabilities(4) .....................................  
(12) 
33 
Valuation effects from interest rate hedging transactions ......................................  
— 
(1) 
Other effects ...........................................................................................................  
(5) 
12 
Tax effects on adjustments .....................................................................................  
(29) 
(19) 
Subtotal .................................................................................................................  
362 
228 
Net income attributable to non-controlling interests ..........................................  
7 
15 
Adjustments attributable to non-controlling interests ........................................  
(7) 
(21) 
Net income attributable to adjusted non-controlling interests ................................  
1 
(6) 
Adjusted net income .............................................................................................  
362 
221 
 _______________________________  
* 
Audited. 
(1) 
Financial information for the Financial Year 2020 is taken from the respective comparative financial information included in the Audited 
Consolidated Financial Statements 2021. 
(2) 
Reconciling items comprise the following:  
 
 
For the financial year 
ended 
December 31, 
 
2021 
2020(1) 
 
(in EUR million) 
 
(audited) 
Income from changes in scope of consolidation .....................................................  
1 
140 
Income from other one-time items .........................................................................  
6 
1 
Income adjustments .............................................................................................  
7 
141 
M&A related expenses ...........................................................................................  
(12) 
(24) 
Reorganization expenses ........................................................................................  
(7) 
(6) 
Expenses for legal claims .......................................................................................  
(1) 
(3) 
Fair value adjustments of share-based payments ....................................................  
(4) 
(5) 
Expenses from changes in scope of consolidation..................................................  
(10) 
— 
Expenses for other one-time items .........................................................................  
(8) 
(7) 
Valuation effects relating to strategic realignments of business units ....................  
(1) 
(1) 
Expense adjustments ............................................................................................  
(43) 
(46) 
Reconciling items ..................................................................................................  
(36) 
95 
 ______________________  
(1) 
Financial information for the Financial Year 2020 is taken from the respective comparative financial information included in the 
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2021.  
 
(3) 
Including impacts on associates consolidated using the equity method in the amount of EUR 0 million. 
(4) 
Including compounding and foreign currency effects of EUR 4 million for the Financial Year 2021 (Financial Year 2020: EUR 3 million).

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
6.3 
Information about the Issuer 
The Issuer is organized in the form of a stock corporation, with the Issuer's shares being listed on the regulated market 
(regulierter Markt) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) (Prime Standard) and simultaneously 
on the regulated market of the Luxemburg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg). On July 7, 2015, the Issuer changed 
its legal form from a German stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) into a European company (Societas Europaea or SE, 
"SE") with the legal name "ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE". 
The Issuer's commercial name is "ProSiebenSat.1". The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 
529900NY0WWQUKOMWQ37. The Issuer is registered in the commercial register of the local court of Munich 
(Amtsgericht München) under HRB 219439 with its business address at Medienallee 7, 85774 in Unterföhring, Germany, 
telephone: +49- 89-95-07-10, www.prosiebensat1.com (information shown on the Issuer's website does not form part of 
this Prospectus, unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Prospectus). 
As an SE incorporated in Germany and governed by the laws of Germany and the EU and with its seat and head office in 
Germany, the legal foundations of the corporate constitution of ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE are primarily the Council 
Regulation (EC) No 2157/2001 of October 8, 2001 on the Statute for a European company (SE) (SE-Verordnung, "SE-
VO"), the German SE-Implementation Act (SE-Ausführungsgesetz) and the German Stock Corporation Act 
(Aktiengesetz). The Issuer's financial year is the calendar year (i.e. ending on December 31 of each calendar year). The 
Issuer has been established for an indefinite term. 
There were no recent (positive or negative) events particular to the ProSiebenSat.1 Group since December 31, 2021, 
which are to a material extent relevant to the evaluation of the Issuer's solvency. 
6.4 
Business Overview 
(a) 
Organisational Structure 
The Issuer is the parent company within the Group and not dependent on other Group companies.  
The following overview shows the relevant operational structure of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group as of the date of 
this Prospectus.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
 
 
DATING & VIDEO 
Seven.One 
Media GmbH 
(100%) 
Seven.One 
Entertainment 
Group GmbH 
(100%) 
Seven.One 
Entertainment 
Group Schweiz  
AG 
(100%) 
ProSiebenSat.1 
Plus 4 GmbH 
(100%) 
RedSeven 
Entertainment 
GmbH 
(100%) 
CPL 
Productions 
Limited 
(100%) 
Endor 
Productions 
Limited 
(100%) 
Studio 71 
GmbH 
(100%) 
Studio 71 UK 
Limited 
(100%) 
Studio 71, LP 
(100%) 
Left/Right 
Holdings, LLC 
(100%) 
Kinetic 
Content, LLC 
(100%) 
Fabrik 
Entertainment, 
LLC 
(100%) 
ParshipMeet 
Holding GmbH 
(53.3%) 
Virtual Minds 
GmbH 
(100%) 
Joyn GmbH 
(50%) 
eHarmony Inc.  
(100%) 
The Meet 
Group Inc.  
(100%) 
ENTERTAINMENT 
COMMERCE & VENTURES 
SevenVentures 
GmbH 
(100%) 
ParshipMeet 
US Holding Inc. 
(100%) 
wetter.com 
GmbH 
(100%) 
ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE 
PE Digital 
GmbH 
(100%) 
NCG - NuCom 
Group SE 
(71,59%) 
Verivox GmbH 
(100%) 
Flaconi GmbH 
(100%) 
Jochen 
Schweizer 
mydays  
Holding GmbH 
(89,90%)

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
(b) 
Corporate Purpose of ProSiebenSat.1 
Pursuant to Section 3 of the Issuer's articles of association (Satzung) (the "Articles of Association"), the 
corporate purpose (Unternehmensgegenstand) of ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE is: 
 
the organization of broadcasting Programs; 
 
the manufacturing, procurement and sale as well as marketing and distribution of audiovisual 
and text-based contents and products of any kind and of other intellectual property rights; 
 
the performance, arrangement and marketing of services and products in the area of 
communication and electronic media; 
 
further activity in the area of e-commerce, electronic media, digital services and digital 
technologies; 
 
the merchandising, live entertainment and event business as well as the personality marketing 
business; and 
 
the development and implementation of new business concepts in the aforementioned and 
related areas as well as the (direct and indirect) investment in and establishment of corporations 
with activities in the aforementioned and related areas, including the rendering of services and 
consulting in the aforementioned and related areas. 
The Issuer is entitled to carry out all transactions and actions which are related to the aforementioned 
lines of business or otherwise appropriate to serve directly or indirectly the objects of the Issuer. The 
Issuer may establish branch offices and permanent establishments in Germany and abroad, may establish 
or purchase other corporations in Germany and abroad or hold participating interests in and manage such 
other corporations. The business purpose of subsidiaries and companies in which the Issuer holds a 
participating interest may also include lines of business other than those referenced above. The Issuer 
may limit its business activity to one or several of the lines of business referenced above. The Issuer 
further is entitled to carry out its business activity in whole or in part, indirectly through subsidiaries, 
through companies in which the Issuer holds a participating interest and through joint ventures. In 
particular, the Issuer may transfer and/or spin off its operations in whole or in part to dependent 
companies of the Issuer. The Issuer may also limit its business to acting as a managing holding company 
and/or restrict itself to administering its own assets. 
(c) 
Strategy and Principal Activities 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group aims to become one of the first leading digital infotainment and entertainment 
providers in the German-speaking region (Germany, Austria, Switzerland) and use its strength to 
establish and expand global synergistic digital consumer platforms. The ProSiebenSat.1 Group's strategic 
focus is on a diversified Group portfolio, which since the re-segmentation as of January 1, 2021 
comprises of three segments, which complement each other: Entertainment, Dating & Video and 
Commerce & Ventures. In Germany, ProSiebenSat.1 Group believes to be number one in the audience 
and television advertising markets, whereby its live and on-demand offerings complement each other 
synergistically. ProSiebenSat.1 Group consistently leverages the synergies between its three segments, 
which positively impacts the Group's revenue and earnings performance. 
Re-Segmentation: In pursuit of its efforts to continuously structure ProSiebenSat.1 Group to accelerate 
its profitability, diversification and synergies within the Group, with effect from January 1, 2021 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group is organized in three segments: Entertainment (formerly: "Seven.One 
Entertainment Group"), Dating & Video (formerly: ParshipMeet Group) and Commerce & Ventures.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
The production and global sales business operated by Red Arrow Studios and the digital media and 
entertainment company Studio71 (together, formerly: Red Arrow Studios) were integrated into the 
Entertainment segment. ProSiebenSat.1 Group thus takes the strategic proximity of these businesses into 
account, as Red Arrow Studios is focusing in particular on producing more content for the ProSiebenSat.1 
Group's entertainment platforms. Less entertainment-related business models such as the investment arm 
SevenVentures as well as the companies of NuCom Group are reported in the new established Commerce 
& Ventures segment. The Dating & Video segment (formerly: ParshipMeet Group) remains unchanged.  
The focus is on consistent value creation. To this end, ProSiebenSat.1 Group is seizing growth 
opportunities in the entertainment business, in particular expanding its digital reach and using this 
strength to fuel its Dating & Video and Commerce & Ventures segments, also in order to progressively 
increase the share of business areas outside television advertising revenues in the German-speaking 
region and, thus, further strengthen the resilience of its business model. Moreover, ProSiebenSat.1 Group 
is clearly committed to its obligations in the field of society, diversity and inclusion, climate and 
environment, and governance and compliance, which form the basis of its sustainability strategy as 
further described below in Section 6.5 "Sustainability".  
ProSiebenSat.1 Group is focused on producing its own live, local content that not only sets it apart from 
the competition but also allows it to leverage its TV stations' millions-strong reach for its digital 
businesses. By harnessing the strength of the Group's entertainment business and wide advertising reach, 
it is building leading consumer brands and driving diversification by its own power. Part of that process 
includes a group wide active portfolio management. Overall, the Group is concentrating on further 
intensifying synergies within ProSiebenSat.1 Group.  
In the Entertainment segment, the Group is focused on the core markets of Germany, Austria and 
Switzerland. By combining the station brands with the content, distribution and sales business, this 
platform-independent segment represents the complete entertainment business value chain. 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group concentrates on producing relevant, local content, which ProSiebenSat.1 Group 
increasingly produces itself, and broadcasting live and on demand across all platforms in a targeted way. 
When creating its own content, the Group benefits from significant synergies with the production houses 
Red Arrow Studios and Studio71, which are since January 1, 2021, also integrated into this segment. At 
the same time, the digital expansion of the Group's TV content, for example via advertising-financed 
video-on-demand offers (e.g., through its streaming platform Joyn), plays an essential strategic role. This 
is because additional distribution channels allow the Group's content to achieve a greater total reach, 
which in turn translates into more opportunities for monetization. Primarily with modern, digital 
advertising products, ProSiebenSat.1 enables its advertising customers to address users in a targeted 
manner, which secures additional revenue potential. In this way, ProSiebenSat.1 Group is building a 
profitable entertainment business and laying the groundwork for diversification and growth in its other 
business areas. 
By combining Parship Group and the U.S.-based The Meet Group in 2020, ProSiebenSat.1 Group 
believes that it has created a leading internationally operating player in the dating field forming the new 
ParshipMeet Group and its Dating & Video segment. Its offerings range from online matchmaking 
services through dating to social entertainment. Operating in an attractive and rapidly-growing market 
environment, ParshipMeet Group encompasses diversified revenues spanning short-term and long-term 
subscription models, the sale of virtual goods to marketing and sales revenues, and addresses a broad 
target group across a large geographical area. In particular, The Meet Group's video streaming expertise 
strengthens the Group's position in the dating & video business and opens up new growth potential. This 
way, the segment is to substantially drive ProSiebenSat.1 Group's diversification and significantly 
support the Group's future growth. The Group's goal is to establish ParshipMeet Group as one of the 
leading internationally operating mobile-first players in the dating and social entertainment sectors. To 
this end, the Group is building a synergistic platform ecosystem for social entertainment, dating and

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
online matchmaking. ProSiebenSat.1 will therefore retain the majority stake in the company following a 
potential partial initial public offering of the ParshipMeet Group.  
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group's third segment, Commerce & Ventures, bundles ProSiebenSat.1 Group's 
growth businesses, which it grows and promotes using its media services and power of its brands, and 
hence its entire investment options. Through its various forms of participation, ProSiebenSat.1 Group 
can support companies at diverse stages of growth. ProSiebenSat.1 Group's goal is to become the leading 
brand investor in the German-speaking region (Germany, Austria and Switzerland). To this end, 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group is investing in digital consumer brands with long-term structural growth potential 
and synergies with its entertainment business. At the beginning of the value chain in this context is the 
SevenVentures investment arm, which also includes ProSiebenSat.1 Accelerator with a particular 
investment focus on young B2C companies in the TV and digital media field. Through this, the Group 
supports young companies by offering media-for-revenue or media-for-equity deals through its TV reach 
and, thus, builds up minority investments. In addition to the minority participations, the segment also 
includes, for instance, the strategic minority and majority investments by the Group's investment vehicle 
SevenGrowth and the majority participations of NuCom Group. Through majority participations, the 
Group aims to build digital consumer brands from the fields of consumer advice, experiences and beauty 
& lifestyle into market leaders. Once the initial growth steps are completed, a review is undertaken to 
assess whether ProSiebenSat.1 is still the best owner of the respective company for the next development 
phase. If a business no longer has a strong link to TV advertising or no international platform character, 
the Group may evaluate to sell these well-developed commerce brands to a more suitable owner and 
make the value created visible. 
(d) 
The Operating Segments of ProSiebenSat.1 Group 
In the Financial Year 2021, ProSiebenSat.1 Group reported in the segments Entertainment, Commerce 
& Ventures and Dating & Video. ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE, the parent company of ProSiebenSat.1 
Group, net of its operating activities, is reported under the column "Reconciliation (Holding & other)".  
(i) 
Entertainment 
The Entertainment segment bundles the activities of Seven.One Entertainment Group GmbH 
and Red Arrow Studios' production and distribution business, including Studio71. The segment 
contains the ProSiebenSat.1 Group's entertainment business which is principally comprised of 
its free TV and online video activities.  
The core business of the Entertainment segment is linear free-TV with revenues predominantly 
from advertising and increasingly from distribution (i.e., the technical distribution of its TV 
stations in connection with which it participates in technical fees that cable network, satellite, 
and IPTV operators generate from the distribution of ProSiebenSat.1 stations in its German-
speaking markets). According to Nielsen Media Research, the Group's TV advertising revenues 
increased about in line with the market in gross terms in the Financial Year 2021, climbing by 
11.9% to EUR 6.82 billion (Financial Year 2020: EUR 6.09 billion). An advertising technology 
for target advertising developed by Seven.One Media ("Addressable TV") is used by 
ProSiebenSat.1 to offer advertising customers the Addressable TV spot in addition to its existing 
offerings, allowing to address viewers based on their interests. 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group's free-TV and online video business portfolio covers the German TV 
stations of the brand families SAT.1, ProSieben, Kabel Eins and sixx, SAT.1 Gold, 
ProSiebenMaxx and Kabel Eins Doku as well as the stations of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group's 
subsidiaries in Austria and Switzerland. High audience shares and broad reach of the Group's 
TV stations are critical to the Group's success. Due to their complementary programming, the 
advertising-financed TV stations cover a broad audience. The TV stations of ProSiebenSat.1 
Group in Germany achieved an average audience share (viewers aged 14-49 years (all day)) of

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
27.2% for the Financial Year 2020 and of 25.5% for the Financial Year 2021 (source: AGF 
Videoforschung GmbH in co-operation with GfK, market standard: TV, VideoScope 1.4, 
January 1, 2020 - December 31, 2021). With its portfolio, ProSiebenSat.1 Group covers 
commercially relevant TV audience segments in its markets, offering both advertising 
customers and viewers a wide range of TV stations and targeted programming. Over the past 
years, the Group continuously focused its programming strategy on local, relevant and live 
content and aims to produce news itselfs as of 2023 by establishing its own newsroom to meet 
the growing demand for information and contextualization of news. ProSiebenSat.1 Group's 
objective is to set itself apart from competitors through the expansion of infotainment and live 
formats to cater for local demand with leading content brands, and by further diversifying the 
stations' brand profiles with original productions.  
In addition to strong channel brands, the segment includes the sales companies Seven.One 
Media GmbH and Seven.One AdFactory GmbH and various commercial websites. 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group develops and continuously expands its dynamically growing digital 
business, which includes among others the streaming platform Joyn GmbH ("Joyn"), a 50/50 
joint venture with Discovery Communications Europe Ltd. Joyn offers viewers livestreams of 
over 60 channels and an extensive on-demand offer of local series produced in-house, shows, 
and exclusive previews. This feeds into ProSiebenSat.1 Group's strategy to offer programs via 
as many distribution channels as possible and as well as to further strengthen the Joyn brand. 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group is continually enhancing its linear-tv and digital offerings and is thus 
aiming to increase its total reach. This allows ProSiebenSat.1 Group to monetize its reach 
beyond the traditional advertising, inter alia with data-based business models such as 
Addressable TV, allowing the advertising to be tailored to the respective viewers. In the third 
quarter of the Financial Year 2021, ProSiebenSat.1 Group renewed its contract with Deutsche 
Telekom AG to air its Addressable TV campaigns via the Magenta TV streaming service. This 
allows ProSiebenSat.1 Group to offer its entire station portfolio live or on-demand via the 
Magenta TV platform. Generally, ProSiebenSat.1 Group is investing in fields such as AdTech 
and data in order to be able to reach target groups more precisely. In this context, ProSiebenSat.1 
Group is developing new forms of advertising, in particular campaigns which are based on the 
leading medium TV, and incorporates various platforms and communication channels. Such 
advertising forms amplify the TV's power as a medium with digital strengths. 
In addition, the production and distribution business operated by Red Arrow Studios GmbH, 
Unterföhring ("Red Arrow Studios") and the digital media and entertainment studio Studio71 
have been integretated into the Entertainment segment. Red Arrow Studios combines 
competences in IP creation, retention and exploitation. Its extensive programming portfolio 
includes entertainment, reality and factual formats as well as TV series, TV movies and digital 
content. The production companies produce content both locally for the Entertainment business 
(through RedSeven Entertainment GmbH ("RedSeven")) as well as for third parties in Germany 
and abroad (through RedSeven and its international production companies). The global film and 
TV distribution company Red Arrow Studios International distributes scripted formats and 
factual shows from a global network of in-house production companies, third-party producers 
and digital-content partners. Studio71 offers and distributes global digital content and web 
productions via social media platforms and engages in partnerships with many social influencers 
in Germany as well as in the USA, Canada and Great Britain. The digital media and 
entertainment company Studio71 further provides the Group with direct access to creators, 
talents and platforms which can thus meet the growing demand for content on various digital 
channels. Its activities are primarily in the areas of branded content, original productions, 
content distributions, influencer products and creator management.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
The Entertainment segment generates its revenues from Advertising, Distribution & Other, 
Production, Global Sales and Studio 71. 
(ii) 
Commerce & Ventures 
The Commerce & Ventures segment bundles the strategic investments in NCG - NuCom Group 
SE ("NuCom Group"), in which the growth capital investor General Atlantic PD GmbH 
("General Atlantic") holds a 28.4% stake as a minority investor, the investment arm 
SevenVentures and the SevenGrowth portfolio. The strategic investments focus primarily on 
digital platforms in the areas of consumer advice, experiences and beauty & lifestyle, in which 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group sees revenue potential due to synergies between the TV and digital 
business. These synergies are created by advertising activities on the TV stations fostering the 
growth of the commerce platforms while the commerce platforms in turn generate valuable data 
for new advertising products. Over the last years, ProSiebenSat.1 Group increasingly expanded 
its commerce portfolio organically as well as by making acquisitions in the commerce sector. 
In parallel, the Group strengthened its commerce portfolio by acquiring majority and minority 
interests in businesses or by implementing new media services that complemented 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group's existing commerce portfolio. NuCom Group's investment portfolio 
consists of companies and brands that are market leaders in the area of consumer advice, 
experiences and beauty & lifestyle brands in Germany. The brands of NuCom Group include 
e.g., Verivox, Aroundhome, Jochen Schweizer, mydays, Flaconi and billiger-mietwagen.de, 
whereas the SevenGrowth portfolio companies include brands such as marktguru and 
wetter.com 
(iii) 
Dating & Video 
In March 2020, ProSiebenSat.1 Group and General Atlantic signed an agreement for the 
complete takeover of The Meet Group, which was completed on September 4, 2020. Parship 
Group and The Meet Group have been combined into what ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE believes 
to be one of the leading internationally operating players in the areas of Dating & Video. 
ParshipMeet Group's portfolio companies are now directly and indirectly owned by 
ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE and General Atlantic with 53.3% and 43.6% ownership shares, 
respectively.  
The Dating & Video segment covers a broad spectrum of the market, from social dating and 
entertainment to serious matchmaking based on scientific methods. ParshipMeet Group 
operates matchmaking platforms in North America, Europe, and Australia, such as eharmony, 
Parship, and ElitePartner as well as the online dating app LOVOO in Europe and video-based 
social dating and entertainment apps with global reach, such as MeetMe, Skout, Tagged and 
GROWLr. ParshipMeet Group has a broad international presence and diversified revenue 
streams, including subscription models, in-app purchases and marketing services. In addition to 
online services, ParshipMeet Group offers vPaaS (video-Platform-as-a-Service), which enables 
its customers to integrate live video streaming capabilities into their own offerings. The online 
dating services are benefitting from an increase of so-called digital natives, rising levels of 
smartphone penetration and an increasing willingness to pay, inter alia for virtual goods.  
6.5 
Sustainability 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group defines sustainable entrepreneurial activity as an integrated approach for improving both 
its economic as well as environmental and social performance. Therefore, the aim of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group is 
to operate inclusively, sustainably, and in an environmentally and socially responsible manner. 
The group-wide sustainability strategy entitled with "We love to sustain" is based on the UN Sustainable 
Development Goals ("SDGs"). ProSiebenSat.1 Group has classified the following six goals as particularly

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
relevant for its business activities: quality education (SDG 4), gender equality (SDG 5), reduced inequalities (SDG 
10), climate action (SDG 13), peace, justice and strong institutions (SDG 16), and partnerships for the goals (SDG 
17). ProSiebenSat.1 Group has reviewed these goals again in 2021 and, on this basis, defined four key areas of 
action for itself: society, diversity & inclusion, climate & environment, and governance & compliance.  
As of the beginning of 2020, ProSiebenSat.1 Group also is a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact and 
is thus explicitly committed to its ten principles in the areas of human rights, labor standards, environment and 
climate, and preventing corruption. 
On this basis, ProSiebenSat.1 Group's target is to reduce operational CO2 emissions to zero by 2030. 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group aims to achieve climate neutrality through lower energy consumption, electricity from 
renewable energies and increased energy savings in particular with regard to production and employee mobility. 
In addition, ProSiebenSat.1 Group has offset part of the emissions for the year 2021 by purchasing certificates 
from high-quality climate protection projects. ProSiebenSat.1 Group also intends to further reduce greenhouse 
gas emissions from upstream and downstream stages of the value chain. Furthermore, ProSiebenSat.1 Group 
focuses on its employees with the key pillars of talent acquisition, employee development and retention as well 
as management development, thereby promoting the individual strengths and interests of its employees, as well 
as a targeted and productive collaboration. As part of its sustainability management, ProSiebenSat.1 Group has 
also set itself targets to further strengthen diversity management within the Group, to promote inclusion and to 
continually expand its barrier-free services for viewers and users. In this context, ProSiebenSat.1 Group 
management and works council concluded an inclusivity agreement with the representative body for disabled 
employees in 2021 and agreed for an inclusion officer to be appointed in 2022. ProSiebenSat.1 Group also intends 
to focus on even more socio-politically relevant topics, to promote democracy and commitment to sustainability, 
and to address young target groups in particular. In implementing its sustainability strategy, ProSiebenSat.1 Group 
has also taken measures to expand the sustainability organization and enhance the governance structures. The 
Sustainability Committee forms a centralized and interdisciplinary body for managing, monitoring, and 
developing the sustainability strategy. The Sustainability Committee consists of managers and specialists from 
relevant central functions and operating divisions as well as a works council representative. In January 2020, a 
separate sustainability department (Corporate Sustainability Office) led by a Chief Sustainability Officer was 
established. The Corporate Sustainability Office is responsible for the coordination, implementation, and 
communication of sustainability activities and for stakeholder dialog.  
6.6 
Trend Information 
(a) 
Statement of Material Adverse Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group since December 
31, 2021.  
(b) 
Statement of no Significant Change in Financial Performance 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of ProSiebenSat.1 Group since 
December 31, 2021.  
6.7 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies, Names, Business Addresses and Functions 
(a) 
Overview 
The principal administrative, management and supervisory bodies of the Issuer are the executive board 
(Vorstand) (the "Executive Board") and the supervisory board (Aufsichtsrat) (the "Supervisory 
Board") and the shareholders' meeting (Hauptversammlung). The Executive Board and the Supervisory 
Board are separate, hence no member of the Supervisory Board may simultaneously be a member of the 
Executive Board and vice versa. The respective rights and responsibilities of the Executive Board and 
the Supervisory Board are set forth in the SE-VO, the German SE-Implementation Act (SE-

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
Ausführungsgesetz), the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) and in the Issuer's articles of 
association (Satzung) and the respective internal rules of procedure (Geschäftsordnung) for the Executive 
Board and the Supervisory Board. 
(b) 
The Executive Board 
The Issuer's Executive Board is responsible for managing the business of the Issuer in dealings with third 
parties. The Issuer is legally represented by two members of the Executive Board or by one member of 
the Executive Board acting jointly with an executive officer vested with special power of representation 
under German law (Prokurist). The Issuer's Supervisory Board may determine that members of the 
Executive Board have sole and individual authority to represent the Issuer. 
The Supervisory Board appoints the members of the Executive Board for a term of up to five years. A 
repeated appointment or extension of their term of office (in each case for a maximum of five years) is 
permissible. The Supervisory Board can dismiss a member of the Executive Board before the expiry of 
his/her term of office if an important reason (wichtiger Grund) arises, e.g., generally, a gross breach of 
duty or in case of a vote of no-confidence against a particular Executive Board member by the Issuer's 
general shareholders' meeting (Hauptversammlung). 
The table below lists the current members of the Issuer's Executive Board and their areas of responsibility 
and relevant positions outside the Issuer.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
Name  
Responsibilities 
Relevant positions outside the Issuer 
Rainer Beaujean 
Chairman of the Executive Board (Group CEO) 
Dating & Video (e.g. ParshipMeet Group), 
Commerce & Ventures (e.g. SevenAccelerator, 
SevenVentures and NuCom Group), Holding: e.g. 
Strategy, 
M&A, 
Internal 
Audit, 
IT, 
Communications, Investor Relations, Legal, 
Regulatory & Governmental Affairs 
 
Rheinische 
Post 
Verlagsgesellschaft 
mbH, 
Dusseldorf/Germany (Member 
of the Supervisory Board) 
 
Rheinische Post Mediengruppe 
GmbH, 
Dusseldorf/Germany 
(Member of the Supervisory 
Board) 
 
Virtual Minds AG, Freiburg im 
Breisgau/Germany (Member of 
the 
Supervisory 
Board 
and 
Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board until August 26, 2021) 
 
Jochen 
Schweizer 
mydays 
Holding 
GmbH, 
Munich/Germany (Member of 
the 
Advisory 
Board 
and 
Chairman of the Advisory Board 
since September 1, 2021) 
 
Joyn GmbH, Munich/Germany 
(Member of the Advisory Board) 
 
NCG – NUCOM Group SE, 
Unterföhring/Germany 
(Member of the Supervisory 
Board and Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board) 
 
ParshipMeet Holding GmbH, 
Hamburg/Germany (Member of 
the 
Advisory 
Board 
and 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Advisory 
Board) 
Ralf Peter Gierig 
Member of the Executive Board & Chief Financial 
Officer (Group CFO) 
Holding & Segments: e.g. Controlling (including 
Risk Management), Accounting & Taxes, Shared 
Services, Treasury, Procurement & Real Estate, 
Corporate Security 
 
NCG – NUCOM Group SE, 
Unterföhring/Germany 
(Member of the Supervisory 
Board and Vice Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board) 
Wolfgang Link 
Member of the Executive (responsible for 
Entertainment)  
Segment 
Entertainment: 
e.g. 
Seven.One 
Entertainment Group, Joyn, Red Arrow Studios 
and Studio71 
 
Joyn GmbH, Munich/Germany 
(Member of the Advisory Board) 
 
ParshipMeet Holding GmbH, 
Hamburg/Germany (Member of 
the Advisory Board) 
 
ProSiebenSat.1 Puls 8 TV AG, 
Zurich/Switzerland 
(Vice 
Chairman of the Administrative 
Board until March 31, 2021)

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
Name  
Responsibilities 
Relevant positions outside the Issuer 
Christine Scheffler Member of the Executive Board (responsible for 
HR, Compliance & Sustainability) 
Holding & Segments: e.g. Human Resources, 
Compliance, 
Sustainability, 
Organizational 
Development & Operational Excellence 
 
NCG – NUCOM Group SE, 
Unterföhring/Germany 
(Member of the Supervisory 
Board since July 1, 2021) 
 
ParshipMeet Holding GmbH, 
Hamburg/Germany (Member of 
the 
Advisory 
Board 
since 
August 13, 2021) 
The members of the Executive Board may be reached at the Issuer's registered office at c/o 
ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE, Medienallee 7, 85774 Unterföhring, Germany. 
(c) 
The Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board appoints the members of the Executive Board and has the right to dismiss such 
members if an important reason (wichtiger Grund) arises. The Supervisory Board advises the Executive 
Board on managing the Issuer and supervises its business conduct. In accordance with applicable law, 
the Supervisory Board does not have the right to conduct business itself. According to the Articles of 
Association and to the internal rules of procedure of the Executive Board, the Executive Board must, 
however, procure the consent of the Supervisory Board for certain business transactions, usually before 
carrying out the relevant transaction.  
As the Issuer is a European company (Societas Europaea or SE), neither the German Co-Determination 
Act (MitbestG) nor the German One Third Participation Act (Drittelbeteiligungsgesetz) apply to the 
Issuer. The composition of the Supervisory Board is governed by the Articles of Association and the 
agreement on the involvement of employees entered into upon conversion of the Issuer into an SE. 
Pursuant to the Articles of Association, Supervisory Board members are appointed for the period ending 
with the conclusion of the general shareholders' meeting (Hauptversammlung) which resolves on the 
formal approval of the actions of the Supervisory Board for the fourth financial year after the beginning 
of their term of office excluding the financial year in which the term of office begins. However, in any 
case, the respective election is effected for a term of six years at the longest. A re-election is possible. 
The following table lists the current members of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer and their principal 
occupations and their positions outside the Issuer.  
Name 
Principal occupation outside 
of ProSiebenSat.1 
Relevant positions outside the Issuer 
Dr. Andreas Wiele 
General Partner of Giano Capital 
 
Giano Capital S.à r.l, 
Geneva/Switzerland (Member of 
the Advisory Board) 
 
Giano Capital Management S.à r.l, 
Luxembourg/Luxembourg 
(Member of the Supervisory 
Board) 
 
OakTree Power Ltd., 
London/United Kingdom (Member 
of the Board of Directors) 
Dr. Marion Helmes 
(Vice Chairwoman) 
Member in various Supervisory 
Boards 
 
Heineken N.V., 
Amsterdam/Netherlands (Member 
of the Supervisory Board)

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
Name 
Principal occupation outside 
of ProSiebenSat.1 
Relevant positions outside the Issuer 
 
Siemens Healthineers AG, 
Munich/Germany (Member of the 
Supervisory Board and 
Chairwoman of the Audit 
Committee) 
 
Lonza Group Ltd., 
Basel/Switzerland (Member of the 
Board of Directors) 
Lawrence A. Aidem 
Managing Partner at Reverb 
Advisors, Boston/USA 
 
None 
Bert Habets 
CEO 
at 
Antenna 
Group, 
Athens/Greece, 
Amsterdam/Netherlands 
 
None 
Erik Huggers 
Independent Entrepreneur 
 
Hexagon AB, Stockholm/Sweden 
(Member of the Supervisory 
Board) 
 
Freepik Company S.L., 
Malaga/Spain (Chairman and Non-
Executive Member of the Board of 
Directors) 
Marjorie Kaplan 
Independent 
Entrepreneur, 
Consultant & Mentor at Merryck 
& Co 
 
ArtBnk LLC, Newmarket, New 
Hampshire/USA (Member of the 
Advisory Board) 
Ketan Mehta 
Managing Director at Allen & 
Company LLC 
 
None 
Dr. Antonella Mei-Pochtler 
Independent 
Entrepreneur, 
Special advisor to the Federal 
Chancellor of Austria and head 
of ThinkAustria, the strategic 
and planning unit of the Austrian 
Federal 
Chancellery, 
Vienna/Austria 
 
Publicis Groupe S.A., Paris/France 
(Member of the Supervisory 
Board, Member of the 
Remuneration Committee and 
Member of the Governance and 
Sustainability Committee) 
 
Assicurazioni Generali SpA, 
Milan/Italy (Member of the 
Supervisory Board and Member of 
the Committees for Sustainability 
and Governance and Conflicts of 
Interest) 
 
Westwing Group AG, 
Munich/Germany (Vice 
Chairwoman of the Supervisory 
Board) 
 
La Société Ivoirienne de 
Productions Animales (SIPRA), 
Abidjan/Ivory Coast (Member of 
the Supervisory Board) 
Prof. Dr. Rolf Nonnenmacher(1) 
Member of various Supervisory 
Boards  
 
Continental AG, 
Hanover/Germany (Member of the 
Supervisory Board, Chairman of

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
Name 
Principal occupation outside 
of ProSiebenSat.1 
Relevant positions outside the Issuer 
the Audit Committee and Member 
of the Nomination Committee) 
 
 
 
 
 ______________________  
(1) 
Independent financial expert within the meaning of Sec. 100 para. 5 of the German Stock Corporation Act 
(Aktiengesetz) in connection with Art. 9 para. 1 lit. c) ii) SE-VO.. 
The members of the Supervisory Board can be reached at the Issuer's registered office at ProSiebenSat.1 
Media SE, Medienallee 7, 85774 Unterföhring, Germany. 
(d) 
Executive and Supervisory Bodies – Conflict of Interests 
In the Financial Year 2021 and in the Financial Year 2020, Dr. Antonella Mei-Pochtler was a member 
of the Supervisory Board of Publicis Group S.A., Paris/France, which is a customer of Seven.One Media 
GmbH. However, she did not participate in the resolution in the context of the contract extensions with 
the most important media agencies which was passed by way of circular vote in the course of the 
Financial Year 2021 and the Financial Year 2020. 
Except as described above, as at the date of this Prospectus, the members of the Executive Board and of 
the Supervisory Board do not have any conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interests between any 
duties to the ProSiebenSat.1 Group and their private interests or their other duties.  
(e) 
Board Practices  
Resolutions of the Supervisory Board are adopted by simple majority of the votes cast, unless otherwise 
stipulated by mandatory statutory provisions. Pursuant to the Articles of Association, an abstaining 
member is deemed to have participated in the adoption of a resolution. In the event of a parity of votes, 
the chairman of the Supervisory Board shall have the casting vote. 
(f) 
Supervisory Board Committees 
The Supervisory Board has established four committees from among its members: the presiding and 
nomination committee, the audit and finance committee, the compensation committee and the capital 
markets committee. Generally, the committees prepare resolutions and agenda items to be discussed by 
the Supervisory Board. Furthermore, the committees have been entrusted with making resolutions 
concerning various tasks of the Supervisory Board, especially approving certain management measures. 
A committee's resolutions are valid if at least half – and in no case less than three – of its members 
participate in the vote. Committee resolutions are normally adopted by a simple majority vote; in the 
event of a tie, the vote of the committee chairman decides. In respect to some issues, committees may 
also pass resolutions instead of the entire Supervisory Board. The Supervisory Board is regularly and 
comprehensively informed about the committees' activities. 
The following table shows the committees of ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE as of the date of this Prospectus 
and the appointed members of such committees:

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
Supervisory Board 
Member 
Member of the 
Presiding and 
Nomination 
Committee 
Member of the Audit 
and Finance 
Committee 
Member of the 
Compensation 
Committee 
Capital 
Markets 
Committe
e 
Dr. Andreas Wiele 
Co-Chairman 
— 
Chairman 
Chairman 
Dr. Marion Helmes 
Co-Chairwoman 
Member 
Member 
Member 
Lawrence A. Aidem 
Member 
— 
Member 
— 
Dr. Antonella Mei-Pochtler 
Member 
Member 
— 
— 
Erik Huggers 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Marjorie Kaplan 
Member 
— 
— 
— 
Prof. Dr. Rolf 
Nonnenmacher 
— 
Chairman and 
independent financial 
expert (within the 
meaning of Sections 100 
para. 5 and 107 para. 4 
of the German Stock 
Corporation Act 
(Aktiengesetz) in 
connection with Art. 9 
para. 1 lit. c) ii) SE-VO) 
Member 
Member 
Ketan Mehta 
Member 
— 
— 
Member 
Bert Habets 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(g) 
Corporate Governance 
The German Corporate Governance Code (in its version of December 16, 2019, as published in the 
official part of the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) on March 20, 2020 (the "2019 Code")) contains 
recommendations and suggestions regarding the management and supervision of German companies 
listed on a stock exchange. No legal obligation to comply with recommendations (Empfehlungen) or 
suggestions (Anregungen) of the Code exists. Section 161 of the German Stock Corporation Act 
(Aktiengesetz) only obligates the Executive Board and Supervisory Board to declare, annually, that the 
recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code have been complied with, or declare which 
recommendations have not been or are not complied with and explain the non-compliance with such 
recommendations. In December 2021, the Executive Board and Supervisory Board of ProSiebenSat.1 
Media SE declared, with regard to 2019 Code, that the recommendations of the 2019 Code have been 
complied with and will continue to be complied with in the future. They further declared that in the 
period since the issuance of the last declaration of compliance in December 2020, all recommendations 
of the 2019 Code have been complied with. 
6.8 
Financial Information concerning the Issuer's Assets and Liabilities, Financial Position and Profits 
and Losses 
(a) 
Financial Statements 
The English language translations of the binding German language versions of the Audited Consolidated 
Financial Statements (including the respective unqualified independent auditor's reports thereon) are 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus (see the section entitled "10. Documents Incorporated by 
Reference").

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
(b) 
Auditing of Historical Financial Information 
The German language consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial years 
ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021, prepared in accordance with IFRS and the additional 
requirements of Section 315e para. 1 HGB, have been audited by EY in accordance with Section 317 
HGB as well as German generally accepted standards for financial statement audits promulgated by the 
Institute of Public Auditors in Germany (Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer, "IDW") and EY issued 
unqualified independent auditor's reports (Bestätigungsvermerke des unabhängigen Abschlussprüfers) 
thereon. 
6.9 
Governmental, Legal and Arbitration Proceedings  
The matters summarized below represent the legal and regulatory proceedings and claims that the Issuer currently 
believes could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, cash flows and results of 
operations of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group. 
Apart from the proceedings described below, the ProSiebenSat.1 Group and its subsidiaries are not and have not 
been party to any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any pending or threatened 
proceedings) during the previous 12 months, which may have, or in the recent past have had, significant effects 
on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the ProSiebenSat.1 Group.  
(a) 
Legal Action for Disclosure and Damages by RTL2 Fernsehen GmbH & Co. KG and El Cartel 
Media GmbH & Co. KG 
Following an antitrust investigation by the German Federal Cartel Office (Bundeskartellamt) in 2007, 
claims for disclosure and action for damages were brought by RTL2 Fernsehen GmbH & Co. KG and El 
Cartel Media GmbH & Co. KG as plaintiffs against several current and former Group companies. The 
suit has been pending at the Düsseldorf Regional Court (Landgericht Düsseldorf) since November 10, 
2008. The plaintiffs allege that Seven.One Media GmbH operated an unlawful rebate scheme for its 
advertising customers which denied the plaintiff access to the market for television advertising in 
Germany and resulted in lost profits. The external opinion commissioned by decision of the Düsseldorf 
Regional Court (Landgericht Düsseldorf) on April 13, 2012 has been submitted in February 2018. The 
expert has arrived at the conclusion that there are no statistically substantiated indications of a positive 
probability of damage. The plaintiffs have filed a motion to disqualify the expert on grounds of bias and 
disputed his conclusions. Meanwhile, the expert has died. The resulting consequences are not yet fully 
clear. However, there is a chance that the court might appoint another expert to examine the issue again. 
The court has yet to rule, and a decision could also be appealed. Therefore, the outcome of the 
proceedings is still unpredictable. The Group has not recognized any provisions as of December 31, 
2021. 
(b) 
Legal Action for Additional Payments to Bestseller Copyright Owners against Companies of the 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group 
Based on Section 32a of the German Copyright Act (Urheberrechtsgesetz) (the so called "bestseller 
clause"), various copyright owners of TV series/shows are claiming additional remuneration from 
companies of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group, in and out of court. The ProSiebenSat.1 Group agreed on joint 
remuneration agreements (Section 36 of the German Copyright Act (Urheberrechtsgesetz)) with five 
associations (directors, camera operators, screenwriters, actors and editors), providing for the payment 
of additional remuneration to directors, camera operators, screenwriters, actors and film editors once TV 
movies or TV series reach certain audience numbers. A further similar joint remuneration agreement was 
concluded with the association of directors for the genre "Telenovela" in 2019. As of December 31, 2021, 
a total of EUR 11 million (as of December 31, 2020: EUR 11 million) was recorded as a provision for 
these issues and other related claims, based on a best estimate of the additional remuneration, which is 
expected to be payable based on the joint remuneration agreements already stipulated and the specific

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
models developed by the broadcasting group for further joint remuneration agreements as well as based 
on individual out-of-court settlements. The amount of the provision also takes into account the risks with 
regard to the VAT treatment of the remuneration for bestsellers that has yet to be finally clarified. It is 
possible that more authors will assert additional justified claims under section 32a of the German 
Copyright Act (Urheberrechtsgesetz), which are not covered by said "joint remuneration agreements" 
(e.g., for other program genres as well). A reliable estimate of the effects on the Issuer's earnings 
development is not possible at the date of this Prospectus. 
6.10 
Significant Change in the Issuer's Financial Position 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group which has occurred 
since December 31, 2021. 
6.11 
Additional Information 
(a) 
Share Capital  
As of the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer has a share capital of EUR 233,000,000.00 that is divided 
into 233,000,000 common registered shares, each without par value and with a notional value of EUR 
1.00. The shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) and the sub-segment of the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange with additional post admission obligations (Prime Standard) and on the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg). Each share in the Issuer carries one vote. 
There are no shares with multiple, preferential or maximum voting rights. There are no limitations of 
voting rights arising from the common shares. As of the date of this Prospectus, ProSiebenSat.1 Media 
SE owns 6,694,738 of its own shares. 
(b) 
Major Shareholders  
The Issuer is neither directly nor indirectly majority-owned or controlled by any other corporation, by 
any government or by any other natural or legal person severally or jointly. 
The Issuer is not aware of arrangements which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of 
the company. 
The German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz) requires investors in publicly-traded 
corporations whose investments reach, exceed or fall below certain thresholds to notify both the 
corporation and the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht) of such investment within four trading days. The minimum disclosure 
threshold is 3% of the corporation's issued voting share capital attributed to shares and/or related to 
instruments. As of the date of this Prospectus, the following shareholders have notified the Issuer with 
respect to their shareholdings: MFE-MEDIAFOREUROPEN.V. (formerly Mediaset S.p.A., including 
Mediaset España Communicacion S.A.), which is indirectly held by Silvio Berlusconi, notified 21.61% 
attributed to shares and 2.29% held through instruments, BlackRock, Inc. notified 3% attributed to shares 
and 0.36% held through instruments and Credit Suisse Group AG notified 0.46% attributed to shares and 
3.35% held through instruments. The holding of Credit Suisse Group AG through instruments can to the 
knowledge of the Issuer partly be attributed to the holding of Mediaset S.p.A. as of the date of this 
Prospectus.  
6.12 
Material Contracts 
The ProSiebenSat.1 Group considers the following contracts to be of particular importance, and thus material, to 
its business:

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
(a) 
Credit Facilities Agreement 
On April 2, 2014, the Issuer as borrower and guarantor and a banking syndicate as arrangers and lenders 
entered into a EUR 2,000 million senior term and multicurrency revolving credit facilities agreement for 
the purposes of refinancing existing financial indebtedness outstanding and financing general corporate 
purposes of the Group, which was amended and restated on April 9, 2015, on October 13, 2015 and on 
April 6, 2017 (the "Credit Facilities Agreement"). In March 2018, the Issuer extended the maturity of 
the Credit Facility Agreement to April 2023. In April 2019, the Group extended the maturity of a part 
(EUR 1,949 million of the term loan facility and EUR 676 million of the revolving credit facility) of the 
Credit Facility Agreement to April 2024. The Credit Facilities Agreement provides for the following 
facilities: 
 
a euro-denominated term loan facility in an amount of EUR 1,200 million;  
 
a multicurrency revolving credit facility in an amount of EUR 750 million. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the outstanding amount under the term loan facility amounts to 
EUR 1,200.0 million and no amounts have been drawn under the EUR 750 million revolving credit 
facility. 
The interest rate for each loan under the Credit Facilities Agreement for each interest period is the 
percentage rate per annum which is equal to the total of (a) the reference interest rate (in the case of loans 
in euro, EURIBOR, or otherwise LIBOR rates subject to a floor of zero for interest periods up to twelve 
months selected by the Issuer) and (b) the applicable margin for the respective facility.  
There are no guarantees granted by subsidiaries of the Issuer and no asset security securing the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Credit Facilities Agreement.  
The Credit Facilities Agreement contains negative undertakings usual for facilities of that nature, subject 
to certain agreed exceptions and includes, among others, undertakings which limit the ability of the 
Group to grant security with regard to current or future assets, to incur further financial indebtedness and 
to dispose of assets. Any unremedied and continuing breach of these undertakings could allow for the 
termination of the Credit Facilities Agreement by the lenders thereunder. The Credit Facilities Agreement 
provides for certain affirmative undertakings. 
The Credit Facilities Agreement contains a "change of control" clause, according to which any lender 
may demand repayment of all of its outstanding participations in a loan if a person or persons acting in 
concert acquires or acquire more than 50% of the voting share capital of the Issuer. 
The Credit Facilities Agreement contains events of default (including, but not limited to, non-payment, 
breach of other obligations, misrepresentation, cross-default and insolvency) that, if they occur and are 
not cured pursuant to the terms of the Credit Facilities Agreement within a limited period, give the lenders 
the right to accelerate all amounts outstanding and to terminate the lenders' commitments under the Credit 
Facilities Agreement.  
(b) 
Promissory Notes 
On December 1, 2016 the Issuer issued unsecured syndicated promissory notes (Schuldscheindarlehen) 
totaling EUR 500 million (the "Promissory Notes 2016") consisting of the following three tranches: 
 
EUR 225 million with a maturity of seven years at a fixed interest rate, payable annually in 
arrear;

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
 
EUR 50 million with a maturity of seven years at a variable interest rate, payable semi-annually 
in arrear; and 
 
EUR 225 million with a maturity of ten years at a fixed interest rate, payable annually in arrear.  
Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and cancelled, the Promissory Notes 2016 
with a maturity of seven years shall be redeemed at their principal amount on December 1, 2023 and the 
Promissory Notes 2016 with a maturity of ten years shall be redeemed at their principal amount on 
December 1, 2026. The Promissory Notes 2016 contain customary negative pledge, change of control 
and default provisions.  
On October 1, 2021, the Issuer issued unsecured syndicated promissory notes (Schuldscheindarlehen) 
totaling EUR 700 million (the "Promissory Notes 2021") consisting of the following seven tranches: 
 
EUR 115.5 million with a maturity of four years at a fixed interest rate, payable annually in 
arrear; 
 
EUR 110.5 million with a maturity of four years at a variable interest rate, payable semi-
annually in arrear; 
 
EUR 193 million with a maturity of six years at a fixed interest rate, payable annually in arrear; 
 
EUR 153 million with a maturity of six years at a variable interest rate, payable semi-annually 
in arrear; 
 
EUR 46 million with a maturity of eight years at a fixed interest rate, payable annually in arrear; 
 
EUR 34 million with a maturity of eight years at a variable interest rate, payable semi-annually 
in arrear; and 
 
EUR 48 million with a maturity of ten years at a fixed interest rate, payable annually in arrear. 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and cancelled, the Promissory Notes 2021 
with a maturity of four years shall be redeemed at their principal amount on October 1, 2025, the 
Promissory Notes 2021 with a maturity of six years shall be redeemed at their principal amount on 
October 1, 2027, the Promissory Notes 2021 with a maturity of eight years shall be redeemed at their 
principal amount on October 1, 2029 and the Promissory Notes 2021 with a maturity of ten years shall 
be redeemed at their principal amount on October 1, 2031. The Promissory Notes 2021 contain 
customary negative pledge, change of control and default provisions. 
The proceeds from the Promissory Notes 2021 were used to repay the term loan under the Credit 
Facilities Agreement in October 2021. 
(c) 
License and Distribution Agreements  
The Issuer entered into license agreements for films, TV series and other programs which include change 
of control clauses, which entitle the provider of the program content to terminate the corresponding 
license agreement prematurely. Furthermore, in the event of a change of control, individual format 
license agreements grant the contract partner the right to terminate the respective agreement.  
The Issuer also concluded various distribution agreements with major satellite and cable network 
operators in Germany, Austria and Switzerland, as well as with numerous mid-sized and small cable 
network operators and regional service providers. Based on these agreements, the ProSiebenSat.1 Group

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
has established and secures reach for its free-tv and pay-tv programs. Some major satellite and cable 
network agreements include change of control provisions. 
6.13 
Rating 
Neither the Issuer nor its debt securities are rated. 
6.14 
Recent Developments and Outlook 
(a) 
Recent Developments 
No recent events have occured. 
(b) 
Outlook 
ProSiebenSat.1 Group pursues a clear strategy aiming at sustainable and profitable growth. However, 
there is still a considerable uncertainty as to how the economy will develop in the current Financial Year 
2022, as this is highly dependent on how the COVID-19 pandemic and the Russia-Ukraine-war will 
progress.  
Thus, despite the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic the ProSiebenSat.1 Group targets further revenue growth 
for the Financial Year 2022. The range of the revenue target depends particularly on the development of 
advertising revenues in the German-speaking region (Germany, Austria, Switzerland).

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
7. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will be used by the Issuer for general corporate and refinancing 
purposes, unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
8. 
TAXATION WARNING 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX 
ADVISORS AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND 
DISPOSITION OF NOTES, INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL TAXES, UNDER 
THE TAX LAWS OF LUXEMBOURG AND GERMANY AND EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH THEY 
ARE RESIDENTS OR WHICH THEY MAY OTHERWISE BE LIABLE FOR TAXES. THE 
RESPECTIVE RELEVANT TAX LEGISLATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME 
RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
9. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
Pursuant to the Dealer Agreement concluded between the Issuer and the Dealers as a basis upon which the Dealers 
or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes, the selling restrictions set out below shall be 
observed in connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes. 
9.1 
General 
With the exception of the approval by the CSSF of this Prospectus, no action has been or will be taken in any 
country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealers that would permit a public offering of Notes, or possession or 
distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose 
is required. Persons into whose hands this Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the 
Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they 
subscribe, purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or have in their possession or distribute such offering material, in 
all cases at their own expense. 
The following selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a 
change in relevant law, regulation or directive. Furthermore, additional selling restrictions may be added. Any 
such modification or addition will be set out in the Subscription Agreement issued in respect of the issue of such 
Notes or in a supplement to this Prospectus. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Program will be 
required to represent and agree that it will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction in which it subscribes for, purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Prospectus or, as the case may be, any supplement to this Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or 
permission required by it for the subscription, purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such subscriptions, purchases, 
offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
With regard to each issue of Notes the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree. 
9.2 
United States of America (the "United States") 
(a) 
With regard to each Tranche, each Dealer acknowledges that the Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and the 
Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken and each further Dealer to be appointed under 
the Program will be required to represent, warrant and undertake that it has not offered or sold, and will 
not offer or sell, any Notes constituting part of its allotment within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons, (x) as part of its distribution at any time or (y) otherwise until 40 
days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date. Accordingly, each Dealer 
has further represented, warranted and undertaken and each further Dealer to be appointed under the 
Program will be required to represent, warrant and undertake that neither it, nor its affiliates nor any 
persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with 
respect to the Notes and it and they have complied with, and will comply with, the offering restrictions 
requirement of Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Program will be required to 
agree that, at or prior to confirmation of any sale of Notes, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or 
person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes from it during the

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
distribution compliance period (within the meaning of Regulation S) a confirmation or notice to 
substantially the following effect: 
"The Notes covered hereby have not been registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"), and the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise 
until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date. Terms used above 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act." 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the 
United States by a dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
(b) 
Each Dealer who has purchased Notes of a Tranche hereunder (or in the case of a sale of a Tranche of 
Notes issued to or through more than one Dealer, each of such Dealers as to the Notes of such Tranche 
purchased by or through it or, in the case of a syndicated issue, the relevant Lead Manager) shall 
determine and notify to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer the completion of the distribution of its portion 
of the Notes of such Tranche. On the basis of such notification or notifications, the Fiscal Agent agrees 
to notify such Dealer/Lead Manager of the end of the distribution compliance period with respect to such 
Tranche. Terms used in paragraph 2 (a) and (b) have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
(c) 
With regard to each Tranche, each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken and each further 
Dealer to be appointed under the Program will be required to represent, warrant and undertake that it has 
not entered and will not enter into any contractual arrangement with respect to the distribution or delivery 
of Notes, except with its affiliates or with the prior written consent of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Notes will be issued in accordance with the provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any 
successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section including, without limitation, regulations issued in 
accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. 
Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the "TEFRA D Rules"). 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken and each further Dealer to be appointed under 
the Program will be required to represent, warrant and undertake that: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the TEFRA D Rules, (i) it has not offered or sold, and 
during the 40-day restricted period will not offer or sell, Notes to a person who is within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) it has not delivered and 
will not deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Notes that are sold during 
the restricted period; 
(ii) 
it has, and throughout the restricted period will have, in effect procedures reasonably designed 
to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes are aware that 
such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the TEFRA 
D Rules; 
(iii) 
if such Dealer is a United States person, it has represented that it is acquiring the Notes for 
purposes of resale, in connection with their original issuance and if such Dealer retains Notes 
for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§ 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section including, without 
limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-
20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 
2010); and

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
(iv) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Notes for the purposes of offering 
or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (x) repeats and confirms 
the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above on such 
affiliate's behalf or (y) agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of the 
purchaser of the Notes and the Issuer the representations and agreements contained in sub-
clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above. 
Terms used in this paragraph (d) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 and regulations promulgated thereunder, including the TEFRA D Rules. 
9.3 
European Economic Area 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by 
the Final Terms in relation hereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFiD II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression "an offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
9.4 
United Kingdom  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by 
the Final Terms in relation hereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of the Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of 
the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression "an offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Program will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year: (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business; and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons: (A) whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (B) who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses, where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
9.5 
Japan 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Program will be required to 
acknowledge that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Law of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Law"). Each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Program will be required to 
represent and agree that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation 
or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to a resident of Japan except only pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law and any applicable laws, regulations 
and guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
10. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
10.1 
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
The following documents which have been published previously or are published simultaneously with this 
Prospectus and filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Prospectus, to the 
extent set out in the "Table of Documents Incorporated by Reference" below, provided that any information not 
specifically set out in the "Table of Documents Incorporated by Reference" but included in the documents 
incorporated by reference is not incorporated by reference and is either not relevant for an investor or is covered 
elsewhere in this Prospectus: 
10.2 
Table of Documents Incorporated by Reference 
Page 
Section 
Document 
Page(s) of document 
incorporated by 
reference 
168 
Description of 
ProSiebenSat.1 Media 
SE as Issuer 
A: 
Consolidated Financial Statements of 
ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE as of and for the 
financial year ended December 31, 2021, and 
the independent auditor's report thereon as 
contained in the ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE 
Annual Report 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Income Statement  
172 
 
Consolidated 
Statement 
of 
Comprehensive Income 
173 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial 
Position 
174-175 
 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement  
176 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in 
Equity 
177 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
179–253 
 
Independent Auditor's Report31 
258–267 
 
 
Available, and obtainable free of charge, under: 
 
https://www.prosiebensat1.com/uploads/2022/03/02/P7S1_GB_2021_EN.pdf  
                                                     
31  
The independent auditor's report (Bestätigungsvermerk des unabhängigen Abschlussprüfers) refers to the consolidated financial 
statements and the group management report as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 as a whole and not solely to 
the consolidated financial statements incorporated by reference.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
Page 
Section 
Document 
Page(s) of document 
incorporated by 
reference 
168 
Description of 
ProSiebenSat.1 Media 
SE as Issuer 
B: 
Consolidated Financial Statements of 
ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE as of and for 
the financial year ended December 31, 
2020, and the independent auditor's 
report thereon as contained in the 
ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE Annual 
Report 2020 
 
 
Income Statement 
121 
 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
122 
 
Statement of Financial Position 
123 
 
Cash Flow Statement 
124 
 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
125 
 
Notes  
127 – 199 
 
Independent Auditor's Report32 
203 – 209 
 
 
Available, and obtainable free of charge, under: 
 
https://www.prosiebensat1.com/uploads/2021/03/23/P7S1_GB2020_EN.pdf 
The documents set out above and the information contained therein and incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus are English language translations of their respective binding German language counterparts. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the content of the aforementioned websites (other than the information incorporated 
by reference in this Prospectus) does not form part of this Prospectus. 
 
                                                     
32  
The independent auditor's report (Bestätigungsvermerk des unabhängigen Abschlussprüfers) refers to the Issuer's consolidated 
financial statements and the group management report as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 as a whole and not 
solely to the consolidated financial statements incorporated by reference.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
11. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
11.1 
Listing and Admission to Trading  
Application has been made to list Notes to be issued under the Program on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and to admit such Notes to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
which appears on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Commission. Notes to be issued under the 
Program may also be admitted to trading on the regulated markets of other stock exchanges or may not be listed 
at all. 
11.2 
Clearing Systems 
Notes may be cleared through either Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (42, Avenue J. F. Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg) ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Brussels (1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, 
Belgium) ("Euroclear") or Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt (Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, 
Germany) ("CBF") or any other relevant Clearing System (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). The 
appropriate securities codes for each Tranche will be contained in the relevant Final Terms. 
11.3 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Program was authorized by a resolution of the Executive Board on October 27, 2020 and 
the 2022 update of the Program was authorized by a resolution of the Executive Board on April 28, 2022. Each 
issue of Notes under the Program will be authorized by a resolution of the Executive Board. 
11.4 
Documents on Display 
Electronic copies of the following documents will, when published, be viewable on, and obtainable free of charge 
from the Issuer's website (https://www.prosiebensat1.de/en/investor-relations/financial-debt/debt-issuance-
program): 
 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation where applicable) of the Issuer; 
 
the audited consolidated financial statements of ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE as of and for the financial year 
ended December 31, 2021; 
 
the audited consolidated financial statements of ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE as of and for the financial year 
ended December 31, 2020; 
 
a copy of this Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference into this Prospectus; and 
 
any supplement to this Prospectus. 
In the case of Notes listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Final Terms are obtainable free of charge during 
normal business hours from ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE (Medienallee 7, 85774 Unterföhring, Germany) and will 
be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). In the case of notes listed on 
any other stock exchange or publicly offered in one or more member states of the European Economic Area other 
than the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the final terms will be displayed on the website of ProSiebenSat.1 Media 
SE 
(https://www.prosiebensat1.com/en/investor-relations/financial-debt/debt-issuance-program). 
For 
the 
avoidance of doubt, the content of the aforementioned websites does not form part of this Prospectus.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
11.5 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer  
Certain of the Dealers and/or their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer in the ordinary course of 
business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, these Dealers and/or their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer. 
Certain of the Dealers and/or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers 
and/or their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase 
of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes. Any such 
short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes. The Dealers and their affiliates may also 
make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
 
THE ISSUER 
ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE 
Medienallee 7 
85774 Unterföhring 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
ARRANGER 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 Munich 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
FISCAL AGENT 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
Ernst & Young GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Stuttgart, Berlin office  
Friedrichstr. 140 
10117 Berlin 
Federal Republic of Germany

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2 
Haus am OpernTurm 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
To the Dealers 
Norton Rose Fulbright LLP 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany