--- Page 1 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jordanes Investments AS 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Joint Bookrunners: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oslo, 15 July 2022

--- Page 2 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
2
Important information 
 
The Base Prospectus is based on sources such as annual reports and publicly available information and forward-
looking information based on current expectations, estimates and projections about global economic conditions, as 
well as the economic conditions of the regions and industries that are major markets for Jordanes Investments AS’ 
(the Issuer) lines of business. 
 
A prospective investor should consider carefully the factors set forth in Chapter 2 Risk factors, and elsewhere in the 
Prospectus, and should consult his or her own expert advisers as to the suitability of an investment in the bonds. 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any bonds includes a legend 
titled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" and/or "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the bonds 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (‘EEA’) and/or in the United Kingdom (the 
“UK”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) (and for UK, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation)) 
for offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA and/or the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA and/or the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation and/ or the UK PRIIPS Regulation. 
 
MiFID II product governance and/or UK MiFIR product governance – The Final Terms in respect of any bonds 
will include a legend titled “MiFID II product governance” and/or “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the bonds and which channels for distribution of the bonds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
This Base Prospectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Bookrunners, available at their websites 
(www.dnb.no and www.swedbank.com).  
 
The Joint Bookrunners and/or any of their affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and employees may be a 
market maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this Base Prospectus and may 
perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to such instruments. The Joint 
Bookrunners' corporate finance department may act as manager or co-manager for this Issuer in private and/or 
public placement and/or resale not publicly available or commonly known.   
 
Copies of this Base Prospectus are not being mailed or otherwise distributed or sent in or into or made available in 
the United States. Persons receiving this document (including custodians, nominees and trustees) must not 
distribute or send such documents or any related documents in or into the United States. 
 
Other than in compliance with applicable United States securities laws, no solicitations are being made or will be 
made, directly or indirectly, in the United States. Securities will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration or an applicable exemption from 
registration requirements. 
 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus may be limited by law also in other jurisdictions, for example in non-EEA 
countries. Approval of the Base Prospectus by Finanstilsynet (the Norwegian FSA) implies that the Base Prospectus 
may be used in any EEA country. No other measures have been taken to obtain authorisation to distribute the Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
 
The Base Prospectus dated 15 July 2022 together with a Final Terms and any supplements to these documents 
constitute the Prospectus. 
 
The content of this Base Prospectus does not constitute legal, financial or tax advice and potential investors should 
seek legal, financial and/or tax advice. 
 
Unless otherwise stated, this Base Prospectus is subject to Norwegian law. In the event of any dispute regarding 
the Base Prospectus, Norwegian law will apply.

--- Page 3 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
3
TABLE OF CONTENTS:  
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..............................................................................4 
1 RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................5 
2 DEFINITIONS ................................................................................................................. 13 
3 PERSONS RESPONSIBLE .................................................................................................. 15 
4 INDEPENDENT AUDITORS ................................................................................................ 16 
5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER ................................................................................... 17 
6 BUSINESS OVERVIEW ..................................................................................................... 18 
7 ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE ........................................................................................ 19 
8 TREND INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... 20 
9 ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES ............................................. 21 
10 MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS ................................................................................................ 22 
11 FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES ...................................................... 23 
12 DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE ................................................................................................ 25 
13 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS THAT CAN BE ISSUED UNDER THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................ 26 
JOINT BOOKRUNNERS' DISCLAIMER .................................................................................... 36 
ANNEX 1 ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION FOR JORDANES INVESTMENTS AS ................................. 37 
ANNEX 2 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2021 AND QUARTERLY REPORT Q1 
2022 .................................................................................................................... 38 
ANNEX 3 TEMPLATE FOR FINAL TERMS FOR FIXED AND FLOATING RATE BONDS ...................... 39

--- Page 4 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
4
Description of the Base Prospectus 
 
Under this Base Prospectus (as supplemented and amended from time to time), the Issuer may from time to time 
issue and list bonds (“Bonds”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealer.  
The Bonds will be issued on a senior basis as secured or unsecured, with fixed or floating interest rate. The 
Bonds may have put- and call options and they may be green or sustainability-linked. 
The Bonds will be electronically registered in the Norwegian Central Securities Depository or any other CSD that 
allows for bonds issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form. 
There is no limit with regard to the maximum aggregate nominal amount of all bonds from time to time 
outstanding under the prospectus. However, each issue of bonds will have either a given borrowing amount in the 
case where there is only one tranche, or a given borrowing limit in the case of more than one tranche.     
The Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to any dealer that the Issuer decides upon.  
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) as a base prospectus 
issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the 
bonds issued under the prospectus. The Base Prospectus is valid within twelve months from the date of the Base 
Prospectus. 
 
Information on website(s) mentioned in the Base Prospectus/the Final Terms does not form part of the Base 
Prospectus/the Final Terms unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus/the 
Final Terms.

--- Page 5 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
5
1 Risk factors   
Investing in bonds issued by the Issuer involves inherent risks.   
 
As the Issuer is the parent company of the Group, and primarily a holding company, the risk factors for the Group 
are deemed to be equivalent for the purpose of this Base Prospectus. 
 
The risks and uncertainties described in the Prospectus are risks of which the Issuer is aware and that the Issuer 
considers to be material to its business. If any of these risks were to occur, the Issuer’s business, financial 
position, operating results or cash flows could be materially adversely affected, and the Issuer could be unable to 
pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the bonds.  Prospective investors should carefully 
consider, among other things, the risk factors set out in this Base Prospectus, before making an investment 
decision.  
 
An investment in the bonds is suitable only for investors who understand the risk factors associated with this type 
of investment and who can afford a loss of all or part of their investment. 
  
1.1 Risks related to the Group and the industry in which the Group 
operates  
 1.1.1 Brand image  
The Group is heavily reliant on market recognition of its brands to continue to attract customers in the markets 
where it operates. Management believes that the public recognition of the Group's brands is especially strong in 
Norway, Denmark and Sweden, where a number of the Group's brands may be considered as "household" 
brands (i.e. products that are so universally popular that is recognized virtually everywhere). The Group's ability to 
promote its brands, maintain or enhance the recognition of its brands and awareness among consumers and 
maintain a positive reputation in the markets where it operates is critical to maintaining or increasing its sales 
volumes. If the reputation of the Group's brands is harmed due to negative publicity or otherwise, it would require 
significant additional resources to rebuild the reputation, consumer confidence and customer loyalty of the 
Group's brands, and no assurance can be given that the Group would be able to do so. Harmed reputation could 
also result in reduced profits due to lower sales volumes or prices if consumers, as a result of the aforementioned, 
find the Group and its product offering less attractive, and consequently, it could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s financial position and prospects. 
The reputation of the Group's brands may also suffer if consumers believe that the companies within the Group 
has failed to provide high standards for its employees and maintain merchandise quality and integrity. Negative 
comprehensions about the Group, for example with regards to its working environment, or the quality of its 
products, poor manufacturing conditions, and the way the Group conducts its operations, may ultimately affect 
consumer demand for the Group's product offering and result in reduced sales volumes over time. Any of the 
foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Group's prospects, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
1.1.2 Competition and adverse effect on prices 
The restaurant industry, food products industry, wellness and beauty industry and the retail industry in the 
geographic markets in which the Group operates are intensely competitive. The principal competitive 
factors in these industries include, inter alia, product range and product innovation, pricing, product quality, 
consumer loyalty, distribution capabilities, access to locations and responsiveness to changing consumer 
preferences and demand, with varying emphasis on these factors depending on the market and the product. 
As a provider of, inter alia, dairy products, nutrition and healthy food products, wellness products, snacks products 
and meat products in the Nordic region, the Group faces competition from local and international producers. Other 
market participants have sought to increase their sales and distribution capabilities by, for example, introducing 
new products to compete with the Group's products. The Group's revenue and market share could suffer if these 
new competing products perform well, or if competing products are offered at prices that are lower than the prices 
of the Group's products. Furthermore, the Group may be unable to implement price increases on its products. 
Increased competition and unanticipated actions by competitors, including strict pricing policies, could lead to 
downward pressure on prices or a decline in the Group's market shares, which may affect the Group's operations, 
financial results and hinder its growth potential. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
1.1.3 Dependencies on key individuals 
The Group depends on the leadership and experience of its key executive management, in particular the partners 
Jan Bodd, Stig Sunde and Karl Kristian Sunde and the key operational management being the business areas’ 
CEOs Trond Haug, Jesper Galatius, Espen Hoff and Kristian Walsøe who all are considered material for setting 
the overall strategy of the Group and who hold extensive knowledge of the operations of the Group. The loss of

--- Page 6 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
6
the services of any of the Group's executive management members could have a material adverse effect on its 
business and prospects, as it may not be able to find suitable individuals to replace such personnel on a timely 
basis, without incurring increased costs or at all. The Issuer believes that its future success will depend greatly on 
its continued ability to attract and retain highly skilled and qualified personnel. There is a high level of competition 
for experienced, successful personnel in the food and retail industry. If the Group is not able to meet its staffing 
requirements this could impair the Group's growth and profitability and in turn have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business, revenue and overall financial condition. 
1.1.4 Changing consumer preferences  
The Group manufactures and markets products that the Group considers as important parts of the daily life of the 
consumers, including dairy and meat products, nutrition and wellness products and various snacks products. 
However, changes in consumers' preferences and the Issuer's ability to anticipate changes in consumer 
preferences may have an effect on the sales of the Group's products. Although the Group is actively seeking to 
adapt its product offering to changing consumer preferences, for example by its recent introduction of vegan 
alternatives within its offering of food products, no assurance can be given that the Group will be successful in 
adapting its product offering to changing consumer preferences. A failure to adapt to changing consumer 
preferences may lead to decreased demand for the Group's products and have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, revenues, results of operations and overall financial position. 
1.1.5 Product innovation 
Product innovation is a significant part of the Group's plans for future growth. However, the launch of new 
products and new variants of existing products is an inherently uncertain process. The profitable lifespan 
of those products is also uncertain, and it largely depends on the consumer reaction to such products. For 
example, an unsuccessful launch of a new product may give rise to inventory write-offs and have an adverse 
impact on consumer perception of other more established brands of the Group, just as the success of a new 
product could reduce revenue from other existing Group brands. In addition, the Group cannot guarantee that it 
will continuously develop successful new products or new variants of existing products nor predict how customers 
will react to new products. Failure to launch new products and/ or new variants of existing products successfully 
could hinder the Group's growth potential and cause the Group to lose market shares within its various product 
categories. 
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Group's prospects, results of operations and 
financial condition. 
1.1.6 Changes in the prices and supplies  
The Group sources products, packaging, raw material, and ingredients from a wide range of suppliers across 
international markets and is subject to price volatility to a varying degree. Certain end-products sold by the Group 
are subject to a high degree of transport and commodity price volatility, that may result in increases in the cost of 
raw materials and packaging materials for the Group's products due to a variety of factors outside the Group's 
control, such as global supply and demand, fuel/ transport costs, weather conditions, agricultural uncertainty and 
governmental controls. 
The Group's purchase costs for raw materials are influenced by annual negotiations between the Norwegian 
government and the agricultural organizations in Norway. In these negotiations, the prices of agricultural products 
and other central frameworks for agriculture are determined, including the guiding prices for raw milk (which is 
particularly relevant for Synnøve Finden AS) and potatoes (which is particularly relevant for Sørlandschips AS), 
which serves as a maximum price on an annual basis. Consequently, the Group's purchasing costs for certain 
agricultural products is subject to factors outside of the Group's control. Further, the Group is dependent on 
deliveries of raw milk from Tine SA. Tine SA is obligated by state regulation to deliver raw milk to producers of 
dairy products in Norway (including to Synnøve Finden AS). If this regulation is altered, Synnøve Finden AS 
would be required to source the milk elsewhere and this could have an adverse effect on Synnøve Finden AS’ 
business. 
The crisis in Ukraina has led to sharp price increase for varius important ingredients to the Group. The Ukraina 
crisis has also led to some supply challenges whereby it has become more difficult to source some ingredients. 
The price increase and and supply challenges can lead to increased costs and The Group may not be able to  
pass on increases in the costs to its customers, particularly. Even if it is able to pass on cost increases, the 
adjustments may not be immediate and may not fully offset the extra costs or may cause a decline in sales 
volumes. If the Group is unable to manage the prices and availability of its raw materials and finished products 
effectively, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's prospects, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
The Group's products also use a number of raw materials and ingredients and packaging materials purchased 
from third-party suppliers. The Group maintains relationships with a variety of suppliers, but any imposition of 
onerous contractual terms in a supply contract with a key supplier, any termination of supply contracts with or the 
consolidation of suppliers could have a material adverse effect on the Group's profitability and/ or disruption of the 
Group's business.

--- Page 7 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
7
1.1.7 Mergers and acquisitions 
The Group has a history of engaging in acquisitions through M&A transactions and has a strategy of also 
pursuing acquisitions through M&A transactions in the future. The Group may not be able to complete any 
future transactions on terms that it finds commercially acceptable, or at all. The inability to engage in or to 
complete such transactions may adversely affect the Group's competitiveness and growth prospects and 
may also divert the attention of the Management and cause the Group to incur various expenses in identifying, 
investigating and pursuing suitable acquisitions, whether or not they are consummated. 
The Group's future growth and performance will partly depend on the ability to manage growth effectively, 
including but not limited to, the ability to complete successful integration of acquisitions. There is no guarantee 
that integration of acquired companies will not encounter difficulties whereby the contemplated effects will not be 
achieved (in this respect, please see the risk factor below relating to the acquisition of Dely AS). If the Group 
acquires a company, it may have difficulties in integrating, inter alia, that company's personnel and operations. In 
addition, key personnel of the acquired company may decide to resign instead of working for the Group. These 
difficulties could disrupt the ongoing business, distract the Group's Management and employees and increase its 
expenses. 
Furthermore, the acquisition of companies and their integration into the Group may not be as economically 
successful as expected or the management of such acquired companies may not be immediately embedded in 
the organizational structure of the Group. 
1.1.8 Information systems  
The Group relies heavily on the uninterrupted operation of its computer systems for the efficient running of its 
business and operations, including, but not limited to, the planning and monitoring of logistics. Any significant 
disruption to the Group's computer systems and information technology could have an adverse effect on the 
proper functioning of the Group's operations, particularly with regard to distribution activities, which can be 
negatively impacted even by short-term system failures, and on the Group's ability to manage its operations, 
which could in turn have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, operating profit and overall financial 
condition. 
 
1.1.9 Product quality 
The success of the Group's brands depends upon the positive image that consumers have of those brands. A 
lack of consistency in the quality of products or contamination of the Group's products, for example in connection 
with widespread animal diseases, whether occurring accidentally or through deliberate action, could harm the 
integrity of, or consumer support for, those brands and could adversely affect their sales. The Group may also be 
required to recall products in certain circumstances. Further, a lack of consistency in the quality of or 
contamination of products similar to the Group's products or in the same categories as the Group's products 
howsoever arising could, by association, harm the integrity of or consumer support for the Group's brands, and 
could adversely affect sales. 
In addition, the Group purchases a large portion of the raw materials for the production and packaging of its 
products from third-party producers or on the open market. It may be subject to liability if contaminants in those 
raw materials, mislabeling of raw materials or defects in the manufacturing process lead to low quality of products 
or illness or injury to consumers. In addition, the Group may voluntarily recall or withhold from distribution, or be 
required to recall or withhold from distribution, products in the event of contamination or damage. Although no 
harm to consumers in certain cases is likely, this or similar incidents may affect the Group's reputation and its 
financial results. A significant product liability judgment or a widespread product recall may negatively impact the 
reputation of the affected product or of all of the Group's brands for a period of time depending on product 
availability, competitive reaction and consumer attitudes. Even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not 
fully pursued, resulting negative publicity could adversely affect the Group's reputation and brand image, which 
may have a material adverse effect on the Group's prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 
1.1.10 The Group's operating results may be adversely affected by interruption to its production and 
storage facilities 
The Group has production and storage facilities in a number of locations throughout Norway, Sweden and 
Denmark, however each of the Group companies generally only has one or two production and storage facilities. 
The Group would be affected if there was a significant interruption to its main facilities. The measures which the 
Group has in place to mitigate the risk of interruptions may prove to be insufficient or ineffective. If there were a 
technical failure, fire, explosion or any other event resulting in a major or prolonged disruption at any of its 
facilities, this could result in a significant loss in production capacity and significant costs and/or regulatory action, 
legal liability or damage to the Group's reputation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
prospects, results of operations and financial condition. Although the Group carries insurance, not all risks may be 
covered by its policies, and any insurance coverage available may be insufficient to cover some or all losses 
associated with damage to its property assets or other assets, loss of income or other costs. 
1.1.11 The commercial success of Scandza’s distribution business is dependent on entering into 
distribution agreements with third parties

--- Page 8 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
8
The Scandza business has a strategy of entering into certain distribution, marketing and sales agreements with 
third parties in the Group's principal markets to enhance local marketing and distribution of the brands held by 
such third parties. Third parties include, amongst others, grocery stores. In the markets the Group operates in, the 
grocery stores have significant bargaining power given the size of and the limited number of market participants. 
This is likely to affect the terms on which the Group will be able to sell its products and Group risks losing access 
to the relevant markets if not able to secure distribution contract. Scandza’s revenues will depend on its ability to 
enter into and keep such agreements with grocery stores and other third parties, as well as the terms of these 
distribution, marketing and sales arrangements and the efforts of third parties thereto, which Scandza does not 
control. 
If Scandza fails to enter into additional distribution agreements in line with its strategy or loses significant 
agreements, this will have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
 
1.2 Financial risks 
1.2.1 Financial covenants  
In particular, the Facilities Agreement require the Group to maintain specified financial ratios, including maximum 
leverage and minimum interest cover ratio and to satisfy certain financial condition tests. The Bond Terms will 
require the Group to have a minimum interest cover ratio and minimum liquidity on a consolidated basis. The 
Group's ability to meet those financial ratios and tests can be affected by events beyond the Group's control, and 
the Group cannot assure that the Group will meet them. The terms of the Facilities Agreement and the Bond 
Terms further restrict the Issuer's and the Group's ability to; (i) pay dividends or make other distributions, (ii) enter 
into M&A transactions, including dispose of assets, and (iii) incur additional financial indebtedness. Even though 
these limitations are subject to carve-outs and limitations, some of the covenants could limit the Group's ability to 
finance future operations and capital needs and its ability to pursue activities that may be in the Issuer's and/ or 
the Group's interest. The Group may be subject to affirmative, negative and other covenants contained in other 
agreements for financial indebtedness. 
Any breaches of financial or other covenants of the Facilities Agreement or the Bond Terms could result in an 
event of default. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under the Facilities Agreement, subject to applicable 
cure periods and other limitations on acceleration or enforcement, the relevant creditors could cancel the 
availability of the Facilities Agreement and elect to declare all amounts outstanding thereunder, together with 
accrued interest, immediately due and payable. This could have a material adverse effect on the Group and its 
ability to carry on its business and operations and, in turn, the Group’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Facilities Agreement, including paying all or parts of the interest or principal amount. 
1.2.2 Risk relating to turnaround in Bisca A/S 
There is a risk that operational improvements planned for Bisca A/S could be delayed or not have the planned 
effect on profitability. In addition to losses from the running business, continued losses could in turn lead to 
impairment and subsequent write down of goodwill and thus adversely affect the financial position of the Group. 
1.2.3 The Group's existing or future borrowing arrangements could limit the Group's liquidity and 
flexibility in obtaining additional financing, in pursuing other business opportunities or corporate 
activities 
Further, the Group may, subject to the terms of the Bond Terms and the Facilities Agreement, incur additional 
indebtedness in the future. This level of debt could have important consequences to the Group, including the 
following: 
• 
the Group's ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or 
other purposes may be impaired or such financing may be unavailable on favorable terms; 
• 
the Group's costs of borrowing could increase as it becomes more leveraged; 
• 
the Group may need to use a substantial portion of its cash from operations to make principal and 
interest payments on its borrowings, reducing the funds that would otherwise be available for operations, 
future business opportunities and dividends to its shareholders; 
• 
the Group's debt level could make it more vulnerable than its competitors with less debt to competitive 
pressure, a downturn in its business or the economy generally; and 
• 
the Group's debt level may limit its flexibility in responding to changing business and economic 
conditions. 
The Group's ability to service its future debt will depend upon, among other things, its future financial and 
operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions as well as financial, business, 
regulatory and other factors, some of which are beyond its control. If the Group's operating profit is not sufficient 
to service its current or future indebtedness, the Group will be forced to act such as reducing or delaying its

--- Page 9 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
9
business activities, acquisitions, investments or capital expenditures, restructuring or refinancing its debt or 
seeking additional equity capital. The Group may not be able to affect any of these remedies on satisfactory 
terms, or at all. If the Issuer is unable to refinance all or a portion of its indebtedness or obtain such refinancing on 
terms acceptable to the Issuer, the Issuer may be forced to reduce or delay its business activities or capital 
expenditures or sell assets or raise additional debt or equity financing in amounts that could be substantial. No 
assurance can be given that the Issuer will be able to accomplish any of these measures in a timely manner or on 
commercially reasonable terms, if at all. In addition, the terms of any other or future debt may limit the Group's 
ability to pursue any of these measures. 
1.2.4 Interest rate fluctuations could affect the Group's cash flow and financial condition 
The Group has incurred, and may in the future incur, significant amounts of debt. The Group has a floating 
interest under its debt arrangements 
and is thereby exposed to interest rate risk. Any hedging arrangements entered into by the Group will only reduce 
interest rate risks in the short term. The longer-term cost effects of fluctuations in the floating interest rate will be 
borne by the Group. As such, movements in interest rates could materially and adversely affect the Group's 
business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects. 
1.2.5 Fluctuations in exchange rates could affect the Group's cash flow and financial condition 
The Group operates in Norway, Sweden and Denmark, and the Group's customers pay for products primarily in 
NOK, SEK and DKK and the Group pays a number of its suppliers in NOK, SEK, DKK and EUR, which leads to 
sensitivity to exchange rates in these currencies, especially EUR since this currency exposure is not inherently 
matched by revenues. The Group bears certain risks of disadvantageous changes in exchange rates, whereas 
any hedging arrangements entered into by the Group will only mitigate the short-term effects of currency 
fluctuations. As a result, fluctuations in exchange rates may result in higher costs and lower gross margins for the 
Group and may ultimately have a negative effect on its business, results of operations, cash flows, financial 
condition and prospects. 
1.3 Risks relating to the Acquisition of Dely AS and specific risk 
relating to the new business 
1.3.1 Vulnerable to changes in economic conditions  
The restaurant business depends on consumer discretionary spending and are affected by changes in consumer 
tastes, national and local economic conditions and demographic trends. The COVID-19 pandemic has also led to 
changes in consumer behaviour as some customers may choose to avoid public gathering places, which may 
impact traffic in the Group’s restaurants for a period of time. 
Economic downturn, inflation or increased labour, food or energy costs could harm the restaurant industry in 
general and the Group’s restaurants and cafés in particular. Adverse changes in any of these factors could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and operation. 
Traffic at the restaurants and the Group’s result following the acquisition of Dely AS (with subsidaries) (“Dely 
Acquisition”) will depend in part on the Group’s ability to anticipate, identify and respond to changing consumer 
preferences. If the Group is unable to adapt to changes in consumer preferences and trends, the Group may 
become less attractive and lose customers, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and operation following the Dely Acquisition. 
Further to this, Dely’s continued success also depends in part on the continued popularity of the Dely products 
and Dely’s experience in offering customers popular products at the restaurants. Consumer tastes, nutritional and 
dietary trends, traffic patterns, and location of competing restaurants will affect the restaurant business, Dely’s 
competitors may react more efficiently to changes in those conditions. If the Group is unable to continue to 
compete effectively following the Dely Acquisition, the traffic, restaurant sales and restaurant operating margins 
could decline, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
operation following the Dely Acquisition. 
1.3.2 A decline in customers 
Many of Dely group’s restaurants and cafés are located in high-activity trade areas, including shopping malls. The 
Dely group depend on people visiting these trade areas to attract customers to the Dely group’s restaurants and 
cafés. Factors that may result in declining visitors at these locations include economic or political conditions, 
anchor tenants closing in retail centres in which the Dely group currently operate, changes in consumer 
preferences or shopping patterns, changes in discretionary consumer spending, increasing petroleum prices, 
mobility restrictions, fear of contracting COVID-19 or other infectious diseases. A decline in traffic at these 
locations for a sustained period could, following the Dely Acquisition, have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
1.3.3 Increased cost of food and beverages  
The Group’s profitability with respect to Dely following the Dely Acquisition will depend in part on the Group’s 
ability to anticipate and react to changes in the food and beverage costs. The Dely group is susceptible

--- Page 10 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
10
to increases in the cost of food due to factors which will be beyond the Group’s control, such as freight and 
delivery charges, general economic conditions, seasonal economic fluctuations, weather conditions, global 
demand, food safety concerns, infectious diseases, fluctuations in the currency, tariffs and import taxes, product 
recalls and government regulations. 
Dependence on frequent deliveries of fresh produce and other food products will, following the Dely Acquisition, 
subject the Group’s business to the risk that shortages or interruptions in supply could adversely affect the 
availability, quality or cost of ingredients or require the Group to incur additional costs to obtain adequate 
supplies. Deliveries of supplies may be affected by adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, labour 
shortages, or financial or solvency issues of the Dely group’s distributors or suppliers, product recalls or other 
issues. In addition and following the Dely Acquisition, a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations could occur if any of the Group’s contemplated distributors, suppliers, vendors, 
or other contractors fail to meet the Group’s quality or safety standards or otherwise do not perform adequately, or 
if any one or more of them seeks to terminate its agreement (including due to the Dely Acquisition and change of 
ownership) or fails to perform as anticipated, or if there will be any disruption in any of the Group’s distribution or 
supply relationships or operations for any reason. Changes in the price or availability of certain food products, 
including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, could affect the Group’s profitability and reputation following the 
Dely Acquisition. 
1.3.4 Availability of suitable restaurant locations 
A key part of the Group’s growth strategy with respect to the Dely Acquisition include retaining existing 
restaurants and open new restaurants and cafés in existing and new markets, operating the restaurants 
profitable. 
The Group must identify target markets where the Group can enter or expand its business, and the Group may 
not be able to open future planned new restaurants and/or cafés within budget or on a timely basis, 
and the Group’s new restaurants may not perform as well as anticipated. The Group’s ability to successfully open 
new restaurants will be affected by a number of factors, many of which will be beyond the Group’s 
control, including the ability to: 
• 
identify available and suitable restaurant sites; 
• 
competition for restaurant sites; 
• 
reach acceptable agreements regarding the lease of restaurant sites; 
• 
obtain or have available financing required to develop and operate new restaurants, including 
construction and opening costs, which includes access to leases and equipment leases at favourable 
terms; 
• 
respond to unforeseen engineering or environmental problems at the Group’s selected restaurant sites; 
• 
mitigate the impact of inclement weather, natural disasters and other calamities on the development of 
restaurant sites; 
• 
hire, train and retain the skilled management and other employees necessary to meet staffing needs of 
new restaurants; 
• 
obtain, in a timely manner and for an acceptable cost, required licenses, permits and regulatory 
approvals and respond effectively to any changes in law and regulations that adversely affect the 
Group’s costs or ability to open new restaurants; and 
• 
respond to construction and equipment cost increases for new restaurants. 
There is no guarantee that a sufficient number of suitable restaurant or café sites will be available in desirable 
areas or on terms that are acceptable to the Group in order to achieve the Group’s growth plan. If the Group is 
unable to open new restaurants and/or cafés, or if planned restaurant or café openings are significantly delayed, it 
could have, following the Dely Acquisition, a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
Consumer recognition of the Dely group brands will be important in the success of restaurants and cafés in 
existing markets, and the Group may find that its concept with respect to the Dely group has limited appeal in new 
markets. Restaurants and/or cafés the Group may open in new markets may take longer to reach expected sales 
and profit levels on a consistent basis and may have higher construction, occupancy and operating costs than 
existing restaurants and cafés. Any failure to recognize or respond to these challenges may adversely affect the 
success of any new restaurants and/or cafés and could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations following the Dely Acquisition. 
 
1.3.5 Risk related to franchise agreements 
Part of the Dely business is dependent rights awarded through franchise agreements with both Starbucks and 
TGI Fridays. Lack of renewal or termination of such rights from the franchisor could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business and financial results.

--- Page 11 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
11
The Dely business is dependent on attracting franchisees operating Peppes’ restaurants. Lack of attracting new 
or retaining existing franchisees could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business and 
financial results. 
1.4 Risks relating to laws, regulations and compliance 
1.4.1 The Group is exposed to political decisions for the agricultural sector 
As a producer of, inter alia, dairy products, meat products and potato chips, nutrition products, and as a 
participant in the restaurant industry, the Group is closely affiliated with the agricultural sector. The agricultural 
sector is heavily exposed to political reviews and decisions, and changes in the composition of parliament and 
negotiations between the government and agricultural trade organizations could lead to changes in the Group's 
regulatory framework. The entry into international trade agreements may also imply an increased competition 
from imported products. Such changes to the framework relevant for the Group could, inter alia, affect the Group’s 
access to commodities from the agricultural sector or the price of commodities, which in turn could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business and financial results. 
 
1.4.2 The Group may be subject to claims for personal injury and property damage which could have a 
material adverse effect on its business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition 
The Group may also be subject to personal injury, property, environmental and other damage claims by 
customers, adjacent or other businesses operating nearby the Group's facilities and regulatory authorities 
or organisations. Litigation arising from an accident at a location where the Group's products or services are 
produced or provided may cause the Group to incur substantial losses. There is no assurance that insurance or 
indemnification agreements will adequately protect the Group against liability from all of the consequences of the 
hazards and risks described above. 
1.4.3 Compliance with laws, regulations and industry standards 
The Group operates in a regulated business and governmental laws and regulations could affect operations, 
increase operating costs and restrict, or make it more challenging for, the Group to conduct its business and/or 
deliver its services. 
In the event that the Group is unable, at any time, to comply with applicable laws and regulations or the relevant 
industry standards and guidelines, the operations of the Group may be adversely affected. Any change in or 
introduction of new laws and regulations and the requirement from customers for the Group to comply with further 
standards and guidelines may increase the costs of operations, which could have an adverse effect on the 
Group’s profitability. The future costs of maintaining compliance with such new laws and regulations cannot be 
predicted. Furthermore, if the Group’s services and products do not comply with the extensive laws, regulations, 
industry standards and guidelines applicable and/or undertaken by the Group from time to time, the consequence 
may be that Group is unable to continue parts of its operations or that material customers terminates their 
agreements with the Group. The failure to obtain or retain such licenses and permits may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
1.5 Risks relating to the Bonds 
1.5.1 There may only be a limited trading market for the Bonds and the market may have limited liquidity 
The liquidity of any market for the Bonds will depend on the number of holders of those Bonds, investor interest at 
large and relative to the Issuer and its business segment in particular, and the interest of securities dealers in 
making a market in those securities and other factors. Accordingly, there can be no assurance as to (i) the 
liquidity of any such market that may develop, (ii) Bondholders' ability to sell the Bonds, or (iii) the price at which 
Bondholders would be able to sell the Bonds. Historically, the market for non-investment grade debt has been 
subject to disruptions that have caused substantial volatility in the prices of securities similar to the Bonds. In 
addition, subsequent to their initial issuance, the Bonds may trade at a discount from their initial placement, 
depending on the prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, performance of the Issuer and other 
factors, beyond the Issuer's control. If an active market does not develop or is not maintained, the price and 
liquidity of the Bonds may be adversely affected. In addition, transfer restrictions may apply to the Bonds and 
there may be limitations as to where the Bonds may be marketed, offered and registered. 
 
1.5.2 Risk related to the Bond not being secured 
The Bonds are unsecured. Consequently, right to receive payment on the Bonds in a default and enforcement 
scenario will be subject to all secured creditors first receiving due payment. Under a bankruptcy, the Bondholders 
will not receive any payment unless there are remaining funds after the secured creditors of the Issuer have 
received payment in full. This could involve that the Bondholders only receive repayment in part or not at all. 
1.5.3 Risks related to put options, mandatory prepayment and early redemptions 
According to the bond terms for the Bonds, the Bonds will be subject to prepayment at the option of each 
Bondholder (put option) upon a change of control event (as further set out in the term sheet for the Bonds).

--- Page 12 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
12
However, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will have sufficient funds at the time of such prepayment to 
make the required redemption of Bonds, which in turn could adversely affect the Issuer, e.g. by risking insolvency 
or triggering an event of default under the bond terms for the Bonds, and consequently adversely affect all 
Bondholders and not only those that choose to exercise such put option. 
Under the terms of the Bonds, the Issuer will reserve the possibility to redeem the outstanding Bonds before the 
final redemption date at a premium (call option). If the Bonds are redeemed before the final redemption date, the 
holders of the Bonds have the right to receive an early redemption amount which may exceed the nominal 
amount in accordance with the terms of the Bonds. However, there is a risk that it may not be possible for 
Bondholders to reinvest such proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Bonds and 
may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.

--- Page 13 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
13
2 Definitions 
 
 
Consolidated financial  
 
statements 2021 
These consolidated financial statements are extracted from the company’s 
annual report for the year ended 31 December 2021 in conjunction with 
the listing of bonds of Jordanes Investments AS on Oslo Børs.” 
 
Articles of Association 
The articles of association of Issuer, as amended and currently in effect. 
 
Base Prospectus 
 This document dated 15 July 2022. 
 
 
 The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus.  
 
Bisca 
Bisca A/S 
 
Board or Board of Directors 
The board of directors of the Issuer. 
 
Companies Registry 
The Norwegian Registry of Business Enterprises (Foretaksregisteret) 
 
Decisive Influence 
Means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the 
 
ownership of shares or interests in another person (directly or indirectly): 
 
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or 
 
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of 
directors of that other person. 
 
Dely 
Dely AS including subsidiaries. 
 
Feelgood 
The Feelgood Company AS including subsidiaries. 
 
Facilities Agreement: 
Means the Secured Facilities as set out in section 13.3.  
 
Final Terms 
Document to be prepared for each new issue of bonds under the 
Prospectus. The template for Final Terms is included in the Base 
Prospectus as Annex 3. 
 
The template for Final Terms has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this template for Final Terms as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered 
as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of 
this template for Final Terms. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
 
Group 
The Issuer and its direct and indirect subsidiaries from time to time.  
 
IFRS 
International Financial Reporting Standards 
 
Quarterly Report  
Q1 2022 
Issuer’s condensed consolidated financial statements as at, and for the 
three months ended 31 March 2022. 
 
ISIN 
International Securities Identification Number 
 
Issuer 
Jordanes Investments AS 
 
Joint Bookrunners 
DNB Bank ASA and Swedbank Norge, branch of Swedbank AB (publ) 
 
NGAAP 
Norwegian Generally Accepted Accounting Principles

--- Page 14 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
14
NOK 
Norwegian kroner 
 
Norwegian FSA 
Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway 
 
PIK loan 
Payment-in-kind loan 
 
Scandza  
Scandza AS including subsidiaries 
 
Subsidiaries 
Means an entity over which the Issuer has a Decisive Influence. 
 
VPS or VPS System 
The Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA

--- Page 15 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
15
3 Persons responsible  
3.1 Persons responsible for the information 
Persons responsible for the information given in the Base Prospectus are as follows: 
Jordanes Investments AS, P.O. Box 1542 Vika, N-0117 Oslo, Norway 
 
3.2 Declaration by persons responsible 
Jordanes Investments AS declares that to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its 
import.    
 
 
Oslo, 15 July 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
___________________     
Stig Sunde 
Chairman 
___________________     
Jan Leif Bodd 
Board member 
___________________     
Karl Kristian Sunde 
Board member

--- Page 16 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
16
4 Independent Auditors   
The independent auditors for the Issuer has been KPMG AS (registration number 935 174 627) which has their 
registered address at Sørkedalsveien 6, N-0369 Oslo, Norway, P.O. Box 7000 Majorstuen, N-0306 Oslo, Norway, 
independent public accountants. 
  
The partners of KPMG AS are members of The Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (Nw.: Den Norske 
Revisorforening).   
  
The consolidated financial statements of the Company as of 31 December 2021 and 2020 and for each of the 
years then ended, included in this prospectus, have been audited by KPMG AS, independent auditors, as stated 
in their report appearing herein.

--- Page 17 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
17
5 Information about the Issuer 
5.1 History and development of the Issuer 
5.1.1 Name and contact details 
The legal name of the Issuer is Jordans Investments AS, the commercial name is Jordanes Investments. 
 
The post address, telephone number and website of the Issuer is as follow: 
Jordanes Invstments AS, P.O. Box 1542 Vika, N-0117 Oslo, Norway 
 
The Issuer has no telephone number at its registered office according to the Norwegian Companies Registry. The 
Issuer's telephone number is +47 23 33 44 00. 
 
Website https://www.jordanes.no/ 
 
The information on the website mentioned above does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
 
5.1.2 Place of registration, registration number and LEI code 
The Issuer is registered in the Norwegian Companies Registry with registration number 812 481 282. The Issuer’s 
LEI code is 549300WF2VEJRYZOL539. 
 
5.1.3 Incorporation, domicile and legal form  
The Issuer was incorporated on 10 September 2013. 
 
The Issuer is a limited liability company incorporated in Norway and organized under the laws of Norway, including 
the Private Limited Liability Companies Act. See also section 7.1 Description of Group that Issuer is part of.  
 
5.1.4 Material changes and expected financing 
 The Issuer has been refinanced in February 2022, through the establishment of new senior bank facilities in a total 
amount of NOK 2.3 bn with a 3 year maturity and extension options for another 1 + 1 years, and a NOK 1.2 bn 
senior unsecured bond with a 4 year tenor. The initial margin for the senior bank facilities is 350-400 bp, while the 
bond margin was settled at 575 bp, all facilities with 3 month NIBOR as base rate. The bank facilities and the bond 
agreement include financial covenants normal to the business; Leverage (Net Debt/EBITDA) and Interest Cover 
(EBITDA/Net Finance Charges). Further, assets are pledged as security for the banking facilities. The purpose of 
the refinancing process has been to replace the former Jordanes Investments senior bank facilities which expired 
in March 2022, as well as to finance the repayment of a PIK loan held by Jordanes AS through an internal loan. 
 
The financing described above is deemed by the Issuer to be sufficient for its activities under the current business 
plan. There is no other expected financing to take place within this plan.  
 
5.2 Objects and purposes  
The Company’s objects and purposes is investment in shares and other assets in other companies and enterprises 
as well as all other activities connected with this according to the Articles of Association §3.

--- Page 18 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
18
6 Business overview    
The Issuer operates in the consumer industry and owns a portfolio of diversified consumer brands through the 
separate business units Scandza, Feelgood, Dely and Bisca.  
 
The Issuer is a (indirect) subsidiary of Jordanes AS and represents the entire activities of the Group. 
6.1 Main categories of products sold and principal markets in which 
the Issuer competes 
Scandza 
Scandza was established in 2007, followed by the acquisition of Sørlandschips AS in 2008 and Synnøve Finden 
AS in 2009. Since then, Scandza’s portfolio has expanded further and includes multiple brands within large target 
categories with ample room to grow as brands challenge the incumbents. 
 
Scandza’s brands focusing on everyday needs with vast majority of products costing NOK 10-100 for the 
consumer. 
 
Scandza has approx. 700 employees and operates 10 production facilities across Norway and Sweden 
 
Feelgood 
Feelgood is a fast growing, scalable Nordic brand house and e-commerce company, focusing on products that 
make you feel good. 
 
Feelgood has exposure to different megatrends within fitness, beauty and health through a diversified product 
portfolio across more than 10 brands. 
 
Strong focus on in-house product development and innovation through launch of new brands and product 
expansion. 
 
Primarily targeting “Gen Z” and Millennials through digital and new marketing channels, giving the company a 
mass reach at low cost. 
 
Experienced in influencer marketing and development of influencer brands, with a network of influencers. 
 
Dely 
Jordanes AS acquired Dely from Umoe AS in June 2021 and rebranded the business to Dely.  
 
Dely is a restaurant operator in Norway, operating own brands such as Peppes Pizza, Kjøkken & Kaffe and 
international franchisesees such as Starbucks and TGI Fridays. 
 
Since 2019, Dely has restructured its operations through closing down 21 unprofitable units, significantly reducing 
opex. The remaining portfolio consists of restaurants, which has generated positive earnings in 2021 despite 
Covid-19 restrictions. 
 
After the acquisition of Dely, Jordanes has 100% control of the Peppes brand and will further develop the Peppes 
brand in all categories, both within restaurant and do-it-yourself pizza kits. In addition, the Group can leverage 
supply synergies, for example within sourcing of cheese and toppings. 
 
Going forward, focus will be to increase sales through restaurant growth and modernize the existing restaurant 
concept. 
 
 
Bisca 
With a history back to 1890. The portfolio consists of three brands with a long heritage (Karen Volf, Bisca, and 
Snøfler), as well as two newer and innovation-driven brands (MøN and All in One). Jordanes is considering 
strategic alternatives for the Bisca portfolio, including sale of the company. 
 
Main categories are baked goods such as cake and biscuts. Bisca also owns 28% of Skagerrak Holding AS which 
again owns “BAXT” a provider of baked goods in Norway. In 2021, BAXT acquired the Norwegian bakery Buer.

--- Page 19 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
19
7 Organizational structure 
7.1 Description of Issuer 
Jordanes Investments AS is a limited liability company, incorporated and domiciled in Norway. 
 
Jordanes Investments AS is a holding company and the parent company of the Group.  
 
The legal structure of the Group is shown below. 
 
 
 
All entities are private limited companies owned 100% unless otherwise stated: 
• 
Skagerrak-Holding AS, 27.8 % 
• 
Frukthagen Hardanger AS, 66.0 % 
• 
Bonaventura Sales Co. A/S, 75.0 % 
• 
Bonaventura Confectionary AB, 65.0 % 
 
7.2 Dependence upon other entities  
The Issuer is a holding company without any operational revenue.  
 
The Issuer receives contributions from its subsidiaries. Therefore, the Issuer is dependent on the results of the 
operations of the Issuer's subsidiaries.

--- Page 20 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
20
8 Trend information 
8.1 Prospects and financial performance 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited 
financial statements.  
 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the end of the last financial 
period for which financial information has been published to the date of the Base Prospectus. 
8.2 Information on any known trends, uncertainties, demands, 
commitments or events 
 
The Russian invasion in Ukraine has on top of the covid-19 pandemic disturbed global supply chains. As a 
consequence of this, sourcing and market prices of several raw materials have been negatively affected. This has 
not had a material negative effect on the operations of Jordanes Investments to date. These challenges are 
facing all competitors in a similar way and will probably result in increased sales prices as mitigating factor going 
forward.

--- Page 21 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
21
9 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
9.1 Information about persons 
 
Board of Directors 
For the members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer the description below sets out the names, business 
address and functions within the Issuer and an indication of the principal activities performed by them outside the 
Issuer where these are significant with respect to the Issuer: 
 
Name  
Position  
Stig Terje Sunde 
Chairman 
 
Jan Leif Bodd 
 
Board member 
Karl Kristian Sunde 
 
Hans Georg Wille 
 
Martin Daniel Solberg 
Board member 
 
Board member 
 
Board member 
 
For Stig Sunde, Jan Bodd and Karl Kristian Sunde, the business address is Henrik Ibsens gate 60C, N-0255 
Oslo, Norway.  
 
Stig Sunde Co founder of Scandza and Partner in Jordanes. Broad FMCG experience 
 
Jan Bodd Co founder of Scandza with over 35 years of FMCG experience, several of which as CEO 
 
Karl Kristian Sunde Partner in Jordanes from MBO in 2018. Extensive management experience within various 
Industries 
 
Hans Georg Wille lawyer and Partner Ernst & Young/Arthur Andersen 1996-2019. Also experienced from Norway’s 
Ministry of Finance, OECD, and BAHR law firm. Extensive advisory and management experience. 
 
Martin Daniel Solberg Finance Director at Fredensborg and Heimstaden, previously Chief Accounting Officer in 
Golden Ocean and Senior Vice President (Finance and Accounting) in Team Tankers. Also experience from PWC 
as senior manager.  
 
Executive Board 
The Issuer has no employed executive management. Stig Sunde, Jan Bodd and Karl Kristian Sunde constitute 
the Executive Board of the parent company Jordanes AS and fulfill the same executive role in the Issuer.  
 
The business address for the Excutive Board is Henrik Ibsens gate 60C, N-0255 Oslo, Norway. 
 
9.2 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies conflicts of 
interest  
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties carried out on behalf of the Issuer by the persons 
referred to in item 9.1 and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 22 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
22
10 Major shareholders 
10.1 Ownership  
The share capital of the Issuer is NOK 365,595 divided into 121,865 shares at a nominal value of NOK 3.00 each. 
The company has only one class of shares. 
 
The Issuer is wholly owned by Jordanes Investments Holding AS. 
 
10.2 Change of control of the company 
There are no arrangements, known to the Issuer, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Issuer.

--- Page 23 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
23
11 Financial information concerning the Issuer's assets 
and liabilities, financial position and profits and losses 
 
11.1 Historical Financial Information for the Issuer 
The consolidated financial statements of the Company as of 31 December 2021 and 2020 and for each of the 
years then ended, included in this prospectus, have been prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards as approved by the EU (IFRS).   
 
The Group's significant accounting policies are disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements to 
which the policies relate.  
 
The Quarterly Report Q1 2022 contains the condensed consolidated interim financial statements and have been 
prepared primarily in accordance with IAS 34. 
 
 
Quarterly Report 
Q1 2022 
Consolidated financial 
statements 2021 
 
 
2021 
2020 
 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
 
 
 
 
Jordanes Investments AS Consolidated 
 
 
 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
2 
3 
3 
 
Consolidated statement of financial position  
 
3 
 
4-5 
 
4-5 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows  
 
5 
 
6 
 
6 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 
6 - 15 
 
7-55 
 
7-55 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11.2 Auditing of historical annual financial information 
 
11.2.1 Statement of audited historical financial information 
The audit for 2020 and 2021 has been conducted in accordance with laws, regulations, and auditing standards 
and practises generally accepted in Norway, including International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). 
 
 
A statement of audited historical financial information for 2021 is given in the Independent auditor’s report 2021, 
attached as Annex 2. 
 
 
11.2.2 Other audited information 
No other information in this Base Prospectus has been audited. 
 
 
 
11.3 Age of latest financial information 
 
11.3.1 Last year of audited financial information 
 
The last year of audited financial information is 2021. 
 
 
11.4 Legal and arbitration proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the issuer is aware), during a period covering at least the previous 12 months which may 
have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer and/or Group's financial position or 
profitability.

--- Page 24 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
24
11.5 Significant change in the Issuer’s financial position 
The Issuer has been refinanced in February 2022, through the establishment of new senior bank facilities in a 
total amount of NOK 2.3 bn with a 3 year maturity and extension options for another 1 + 1 years, and a NOK 1.2 
bn senior unsecured bond with a 4 year tenor. See also clause 5.1.4. 
 
Dely has been transferred as a contribution in kind as of 31 March 2022.  
 
Other than the above, there has not occurred any significant change in the financial position of the Issuer since 
the end of the last financial period for which audited financial information has been published.

--- Page 25 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
25
12 Documents available  
 
The following documents (or copies thereof) may be inspected for the life of the Base Prospectus at the 
headquarters of the Issuer, Henrik Ibsens gate 60C, N-0255 Oslo, Norway or at https://www.jordanes.no/. 
 
(a) the up-to-date memorandum and articles of association of the Issuer; 
 
(b) all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer's 
request, any part of which is included or referred to in the Base Prospectus;

--- Page 26 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
26
13 Financial instruments that can be issued under the Base 
Prospectus 
This chapter describes the form, type, definitions, general terms and conditions, return and redemption 
mechanisms, rating and template for Final Terms associated with the Bonds. 
 
Risk factors related to the Bonds are described in Chapter 1 Risk Factors. 
 
13.1 Securities Form 
A Bond is a financial instrument as defined in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (Verdipapirhandelloven)  
§ 2-2.  
 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository.  
13.2 Security Type 
Borrowing limit – tap issue 
The Loan may be either open or closed for increase of the Borrowing Amount during the tenor. A tap issue can 
take place until five banking days before the Maturity Date. If the issue is open, the First Tranche and Borrowing 
Limit will be specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
 
Return 
Fixed Rate (FIX) 
A Bond issue with a fixed Interest Rate will bear interest at a fixed rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The Interest Rate will be payable annually or semi-annually on the Interest Payment Dates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate (FRN) 
A Bond issue with a floating Interest Rate will bear interest equal to a Reference Rate plus a fixed Margin for a 
specified period (3 or 6 months). Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero. The period lengths 
are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period is determined two Business Days prior 
to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus the Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate will be payable quarterly or semi-annually on the the Interest Payment Dates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Redemption 
The Loan will mature in full at the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the nominal amount.  
 
The Issuer may have the option to prematurely redeem the Loan in full at terms specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
The Bondholders may have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that 
Bondholder at terms specified in the applicable Final terms. 
 
Security 
The Bonds may be either secured or unsecured. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Negative pledge 
The Bonds may have negative pledge clause. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
13.3 Definitions 
This section includes a summary of the definitions set out in any Bond Terms as well as certain other definitions 
relevant for this Prospectus. The Bond Trustee may amend the definitions in the Bond Tems for any new issue of 
bonds during the tenor of this Base Prospectus. This may cause the definitions in this Base Prospectus to be 
incorrect and no longer valid for such new issues of bonds. If the definitions in this Base Prospectus at any point

--- Page 27 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
27
in time no longer represents the correct understanding of the definitions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond 
Terms shall prevail. The Bond Tems are attached to the Final Terms. 
 
Additional Bonds: 
Means the debt instruments issued under a tap issue, including any Temporary Bonds. 
 
 
Attachment: 
Means any schedule, appendix or other attachment to the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Base Prospectus: 
This document. Describes the Issuer and predefined features of Bonds that can be listed under 
the Base prospectus, as specified in the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Valid for 12 
months after it has been published. In this period, a prospectus may be constituted by the 
Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms for each new 
issue. 
 
 
Bond Issue/Bonds/ 
Notes/the Loan: 
The debt instruments issued by the Issuer on the Issue Date pursuant to the Bond Terms, 
including any Additional Bonds, and any overdue and unpaid principal which has been issued 
under a separate ISIN in accordance with the regulations of the CSD from time to time. 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
The agreement including any Attachments thereto, and any subsequent amendments and 
additions agreed between the parties thereto. 
 
 
Bondholder: 
A person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of a 
Bond, subject however to the Bondholders’ rights in the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Bondholders’ 
decisions: 
The Bondholders’ Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in 
all matters relating to the Bonds and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and 
conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and 
any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes. 
 
At the Bondholders’ meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each voting bond owned 
at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders’ meeting in the records 
registered in the Securities Depository.  
 
In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the voting bonds must be represented at the 
Bondholders' meeting. See also the clause for repeated Bondholders’ meeting in the Bond 
Terms.  
 
Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the votes at the Bondholders' Meeting, 
however, a majority of at least 2/3 of the voting bonds represented at the Bondholders’ Meeting 
is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of the Bond Terms. 
 
(For more details, see also the clause for Bondholders’ decisions in the Bond Terms) 
 
 
Bondholders rights: 
Bondholders' rights are specified in the Bond Terms.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the 
Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Bond Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, or its successor(s) Website: 
https://nordictrustee.com 
 
The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the 
Bondholders in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, 
including enforcement of the Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other 
insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or others. 
 
The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the finance documents. 
The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or 
any other obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in the Bond Terms, or to take any steps 
to ascertain whether any event of default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is entitled to take 
such steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights 
of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the finance documents. 
 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap 
Issue and Borrowing 
Amount/First Tranche 
Borrowing Limit is the maximum issue amount for an open Bond issue.  
 
Borrowing Amount/First Tranche is the borrowing amount for a closed Bond Issue, eventually 
the borrowing amount for the first tranche of an open Bond Issue.

--- Page 28 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
28
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue and Borrowing Amount/First Tranche will be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Business Day: 
Means a day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system is open, and the relevant 
currency of the Bonds settlement system is open. 
 
 
Business Day 
Conventon: 
If the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the 
Interest Payment Date will be as follow: 
 
If Fixed Rate, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day (Following Business Day convention). 
 
If FRN, the Interest Period will be extended to include the first following Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the Interest Period will be shortened to 
the first preceding Business Day (Modified Following Business Day convention). 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
The Bond Trustee, if not otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
Call Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer is entitled to redeem (all or some of) the 
Outstanding Bonds prior to the Maturity Date. 
 
In such case the Call Date(s), the Call Price(s) and the Call Notice Period will be specified in 
the Final Terms. 
 
 
Change of Control 
Event: 
Means:  
(a) a person or group of persons acting in concert (other than the Existing Owners) gaining 
Decisive Influence over the Issuer; or 
(b) at any time after an IPO Event, a de-listing of the shares in the Issuer, the Parent or the 
Ultimate Parent (as the case may be) from the relevant Exchange, except in connection 
with a simultaneous listing of the shares in the Issuer, the Parent or the Ultimate Parent on 
another Exchange 
 
 
Currency: 
The currency in which the bond issue is denominated. 
 
Currency will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Day Count Convention: The convention for calculation of payment of interest; 
a) If Fixed Rate, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of 
twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number 
of days elapsed (30/360-days basis), unless: 
(i) the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st calendar day but the first day of 
that Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30–day month; 
or 
(ii) the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last calendar day in February, in 
which case February shall not be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
(b) If FRN, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-
days basis). 
 
 
Decisive Influence: 
Means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or 
interests in another person (directly or indirectly): 
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or 
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other 
person. 
 
 
Denomination – Each 
Bond: 
The nominal amount of each Bond. 
 
Denomination of each bond will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Disbursement Date / 
Issue Date 
Date of bond issue.  
 
On the Issue Date the bonds will be delivered to the Bondholder’s VPS-account against 
payment or to the Bondholder’s custodian bank if the Bondholder does not have his/her own 
VPS-account.

--- Page 29 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
29
 
The Issue Date will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Disposal Event: 
Means if the Issuer (a) no longer holds a Decisive Influence over Scandza AS (org. no. 991 
680 209) (or its successor) or (b) Scandza AS directly or indirectly disposes of all or a 
substantial part of its assets. 
 
 
Early redemption 
option due to a tax 
event 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer is entitled to redeem all, but not only some, of the 
Outstanding Bonds prior to the Maturity Date if the Issuer is required by law to withhold any tax 
from payment in respect of the Bonds, as specified in the Bond Terms. 
 
In such case the date(s), price(s) and notice period will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Escrow Account: 
Means an account in the name of the Issuer, blocked and pledged on first priority as security 
for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents. 
 
 
Escrow Account 
Pledge: 
Means the pledge over the Escrow Account, where the bank operating the account has waived 
any set-off rights. 
 
 
Exchange: 
Means: 
(a) Oslo Børs (the Oslo Stock Exchange); or 
(b) any regulated market as such term is understood in accordance with the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II) and Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 
on markets in financial instruments (MiFIR). 
 
 
Existing Facilities: 
Means the senior facility agreement originally dated 20 December 2013 (as amended and 
restated, most recently 15 March 2017) and entered into between, inter alios, the Issuer as 
company and DNB Bank ASA as agent. 
 
 
Existing Owners: 
Means each of Umoe AS, Cubera VIII LP, Boddco AS, Jordanes Invest AS and E1 Invest AS 
and any other entity controlled by any of them. 
 
 
Existing Parent 
Financing: 
Means the NOK 1,400 million loan facility entered into by the Ultimate Parent as borrower. 
 
 
Final Terms: 
Document describing securities as specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
prepared as part of the Prospectus. Final Terms will be prepared for each new security as 
specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, issued by the Issuer. 
 
 
Finance Documents: 
Means the Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement, any documents establishing or 
perfecting the Escrow Account Pledge, any subordination statement in respect of any 
Subordinated Loan, and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee 
as a Finance Document. 
 
 
Global Coordinator: 
The bond issue’s global coordinator(s), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Group: 
Means the Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
 
 
Initial Bond Issue 
Means the amount to be issued on the Issue Date. 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
In the case of NIBOR: Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period. 
 
Interest Determination Date(s) for other Reference Rates, see Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on the last day of each Interest Period.  
 
Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention. 
 
The Interest Payment Date(s) will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Period: 
The first Interest Period runs from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and including an Interest 
Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment 
Date corresponds to the Maturity Date.

--- Page 30 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
30
Interest Rate: 
Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; 
 
(i) 
If Fixed Rate, the Bonds shall bear interest at the percentage rate per annum (based 
on the Day Count Convention)  
 
(ii) If FRN, the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate 
plus a Margin (based on the Day Count Convention). Interest Rate or Reference Rate 
may be deemed to be zero. 
 
The Interest Rate is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Rate 
Adjustment Date: 
Date(s) for adjusting of the interest rate for bond issue with floating interest rate. 
 
The Interest Rate Adjustment Date will coincide with the Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
IPO Event: 
Means the admission to trading of the shares in the Issuer, the Parent or Ultimate Parent on 
any Exchange. 
 
 
ISIN: 
International Securities Identification Number for the Bond Issue. ISIN is specified in Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Issuer: 
Jordanes Investments AS is the Issuer under the Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Issuer’s Bonds: 
Means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
The price in percentage of the Denomination, to be paid by the Bondholders at the Issue Date. 
 
Issue price will be specified in Final Terms.  
 
 
Joint Bookrunner: 
The bond issue’s joint bookrunner(s), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
LEI-code: 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI), is a 20-character reference code to uniquely identify legally distinct 
entities that engage in financial transactions. 
 
LEI-code is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Listing: 
Listing of a bond issue on an Exchange is due to the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to 
the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms. 
 
An application for listing will be sent after the Disbursement Date and as soon as possible after 
the Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA. 
 
Bonds listed on an Exchange are freely negotiable. See also Market Making. 
 
 
Market Making: 
For Bonds listed on an Exchange, a market-maker agreement between the Issuer and a Joint 
Bookrunner may be entered into.  
 
This will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Margin: 
The margin, specified in percentage points, to be added to the Reference rate. 
 
Margin will be specified in the Final terms.  
 
 
Maturity Date: 
The date the bond issue is due for payment, if not already redeemed pursuant to Call Option, 
Put Option, Early redemption option due to a tax event or Voluntary redemption – equity claw-
back. The Maturity Date coincides with the last Interest Payment Date and is adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention.  
 
The Maturity Date is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Outstanding Bonds: 
Means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. 
 
The Issuer will issue on the Issue date the first tranche of the bond issue as specified in Final 
Terms. During the term of the bond issue, new tranches may be issued up to the Borrowing 
Limit, as specified in Final Terms.

--- Page 31 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
31
Parent: 
Means Jordanes Investments Holding AS. 
 
 
Paying Agent: 
The entity designated by the Issuer to manage (maintain the Issuer Account for) the bond 
issue in the Securities Depository. 
 
The Paying Agent is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Prospectus: 
The Prospectus consists of the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus 
and the relevant Final Terms prepared in connection with application for listing on an 
Exchange.  
 
 
Put Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each 
Bondholder will have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds 
held by that Bondholder. 
 
In such case the exercise procedures, the repayment date and redemption price will be 
specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Put Option Event: 
 Means a Change of Control Event or a Disposal Event 
 
 
Redemption: 
The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the 
Issuer on the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, if not 
already redeemed pursuant to Call Option, Put Option, Early redemption option due to a tax 
event or Voluntary redemption – equity claw-back. 
 
 
Redemption Price: 
The price determined as a percentage of the Denomination to which the bond issue is to be 
redeemed at the Maturity Date.  
 
Redemption Price is 100 per cent of Denomination – Each Bond. 
 
 
Reference Rate:  
For FRN, the Reference Rate shall be NIBOR or any other rate as specified in the Final Terms, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the specified time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. 
 
The Reference Rate, the Relevant Screen Page, the specified time, information about the past 
and future performance and volatility of the Reference Rate and any fallback provisions will be 
specified in Final Terms.  
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: For FRN, an internet address or an electronic information platform belonging to a renowed 
provider of Reference Rates. 
 
The Relevant Screen Page will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Secured Facilities: 
Means the aggregate of the term and revolving facilities of the Issuer of up to NOK 
2,300,000,000, the factoring facility of up to the higher of NOK 300,000,000 and 50 per cent of 
EBITDA and the leasing facility of up to NOK 95,000,000 and, in each case, any amendment 
or refinancing thereof. 
 
 
Securities Depository 
/CSD: 
The securities depository in which the bonds are registered, in accordance with the Norwegian 
Act of 2019 no. 6 regarding Securities depository. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the following Securities Depository will be used: 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository (“Verdipapirsentralen” or ”VPS”), P.O. Box 4, 0051 
Oslo. 
 
 
Tap Issues: 
The Issuer may, provided that the conditions set out in the Bond Terms are met, at one or 
more occasions up until, but excluding, the Maturity Date or any earlier date when the Bonds 
have been redeemed in full, issue Additional Bonds until the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Bonds outstanding equals in aggregate the maximum issue amount (less the aggregate 
nominal amount of any previously redeemed Bonds) 
 
If N/A is specified in the Borrowing Limit in the Final Terms, the Issuer may not make Tap 
issues under the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Temporary Bonds: 
If the Bonds are listed on an Exchange and there is a requirement for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus in order for the Additional Bonds to be listed together with the Bonds, the

--- Page 32 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
32
Additional Bonds may be issued under a separate ISIN which, upon the approval of the 
supplement, will be converted into the ISIN for the Bonds issued on the initial Issue Date. The 
Bond Terms governs such Temporary Bonds. The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee, the 
Exchange and the Paying Agent once such supplement is approved. 
 
 
Ultimate Parent: 
Means Jordanes AS (org.no. 920 355 285) 
 
 
Voluntary redemption – 
equity claw-back 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer may, on one occasion, use the net cash proceeds 
received by it resulting from an equity issue to redeem Bonds, as specified in the Bond Terms. 
 
In such case the details will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Yield: 
Dependent on the Market Price for bond issue with floating rate. Yield for the first interest 
period can be determined when the interest is known, normally two Business Days before the 
Issue Date. 
  
For bond issue with fixed rate, yield is dependent on the market price and number of Interest 
Payment Date. 
 
The yield is calculated in accordance with «Anbefaling til Konvensjoner for det norske 
sertifikat- og obligasjonsmarkedet» prepared by Norske Finansanalytikeres Forening in 
January 2020: 
https://www.finansanalytiker.no/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/Rentekonvensjon-pr-januar-2020-
v2.pdf  
 
Yield is specified in Final Terms. 
 
13.4 General terms and conditions 
These general terms and condtions summarize and describe the general terms and conditions set out in any 
Bond Terms. The Bond Trustee may amend the general terms and conditions in the Bond Tems for any new 
issue of bonds during the tenor of this Base Prospectus. This may cause the general terms and conditions in this 
Base Prospectus to be incorrect and no longer valid for such new issues of bonds. If the general terms and 
conditions in this Base Prospectus at any point in time no longer represents the correct understanding of the 
general terms and conditions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. The Bond Tems are 
attached to the Final Terms. 
 
13.4.1 Use of proceeds 
The Issuer will use the net proceeds (net of (i) legal costs of the Joint Bookrunners, (ii) fees of the Joint 
Bookrunners, and (iii) any other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Bond Issue) of the Initial 
Bond Issue: 
(a) together with cash of the Group and the amounts available under the Secured Facilities, for (i) refinancing the 
Existing Facilities in full and (ii) repayment of the Existing Parent Financing through a loan of such funds to the 
Parent and further distribution to the Ultimate Parent; and 
(b) after the repayments in (a), for general corporate purposes. 
 
The Issuer will use the net proceeds of the issue of any Additional Bonds for general corporate purposes. 
 
Other use of proceeds will be specified in the Final Terms. 
13.4.2 Publication 
The Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms will be published on 
Issuer’s website https://www.jordanes.no/, or on the Issuer's visit address, Henrik Ibsens gate 60c, 0255 Oslo, 
Norway, or their successor (s). 
 
The Prospectus will be published by a stock exchange announcement. 
 
13.4.3 Redemption 
Matured interest and matured principal will be credited each Bondholder directly from the Securities Registry. 
Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation 
Period Claims of 18 May 1979 no 18, p.t. 3 years for interest rates and 10 years for principal.

--- Page 33 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
33
 
13.4.4 Fees, Expenses and Tax legislation 
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have an impact 
on the income received from the securities. 
 
The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the loan. Any public fees or taxes on 
sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or 
regulation. The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law. 
 
13.4.5 Security Depository and secondary trading 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository, see also the definition 
of "Securities Depository". Securities Depository is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Secondary trading will be made over an Exchange for Bonds listed on a marketplace. See also definition of 
“Market Making”. 
 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including templates for Final Terms is NOK 104,000. In addition, there is 
a listing fee for listing of the Bonds in accordance with the current price list of the Exchange. The listing fees will 
be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
13.4.6 Status of the Bonds and Security 
The Bonds will constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds will rank pari passu between 
themselves and will rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which arc 
preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application). 
 
The Bonds are unsecured, but may, in relation to compliance with paragraph (a) of clause 13.4.1 (Use of 
proceeds), be secured by the Escrow Account Pledge. 
13.4.7 Bond Terms 
The Bond Terms has been entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. The Bond Terms regulates the 
Bondholders’ rights and obligations in relations with the bond issue. The Bond Trustee enters into the Bond 
Terms on behalf of the Bondholders and is granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent 
provided for in the Bond Terms. 
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by 
the Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to 
be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or any other party. 
 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms for each Bond issue and is also available through the Joint 
Bookrunner(s), Issuer and the Bond Trustee. 
 
13.4.8 Legislation 
The Bond Terms is governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law. The Issuer is subject to 
Norwegian legislation, the most relevant law for the Group's operations is the Limited Companies Act, the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act and the Norwegian Stock Exchange Regulations. 
 
13.4.9 Approvals 
The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval. 
 
The date of the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval will be specified in the Final Terms 
 
The Base Prospectus has been submitted to the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) 
before listing of the Bonds takes place. 
 
Final Terms will be submitted to Finanstilsynet for information in connection with an application for listing of a 
Bond Issue.

--- Page 34 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
34
The Base prospectus will not be the basis for offers for subscription in bonds that are not subject to a prospectus 
obligation. 
 
13.4.10 Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of the securities will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
13.5 Return and redemption 
Bonds may have return and redemption mechanisms as explained below. The relevant Final Terms refer to these 
mechanisms and provide relevant parameter values for the specific bond issue. 
13.5.1 Bonds with floating rate 
13.5.1.a Return (interest) 
The Interest Rate is specified in Interest Rate ii). Payment of the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (b). 
 
Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero.  
 
The period lengths are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period are determined two 
Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus 
the Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and 
including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run 
from and including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest 
Payment Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/360, modified following. 
 
13.5.1.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
 
13.5.2 Bonds with fixed rate 
13.5.2.a Return (interest) 
The interest rate is specified in Interest Rate (i). Payment of the the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (a).  
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and 
including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run 
from and including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest 
Payment Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The Interest Rate and the Interest Payment Dates will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/365 for bond issue with fixed rate.  
 
13.5.2.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
 
13.6 Rating 
The Issuer have not been rated. 
 
The Bonds have not been rated.

--- Page 35 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
35
13.7 Final Terms 
Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating bond issue, see Appendix 3.

--- Page 36 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
36
Joint Bookrunners' disclaimer 
 
DNB Bank ASA and Swedbank Norge AS, branch of Swedbank AB (publ), the Joint Bookrunners, have assisted 
the Issuer in preparing the Base Prospectus. The Joint Bookrunners have not verified the information contained 
herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and the Joint 
Bookrunners expressly disclaim any legal or financial liability as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the issuance or distribution 
of bonds by Jordanes Investments AS.  
 
This Base Prospectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Bookrunners, available at their respective 
websites. Confidentiality rules and internal rules restricting the exchange of information between different parts of 
the Joint Bookrunners may prevent employees of the Joint Bookrunners who are preparing this Base Prospectus 
from utilizing or being aware of information available to the Joint Bookrunners and/or any of their affiliated 
companies and which may be relevant to the recipient's decisions. 
 
Each person receiving this Base Prospectus acknowledges that such person has not relied on the Joint 
Bookrunners, nor on any person affiliated with it in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such 
information or its investment decision. 
 
Oslo, 15 July 2022 
 
DNB Bank ASA 
(www.dnb.no) 
 
 
Swedbank Norge, branch of Swedbank AB (publ) 
(www.swedbank.no)

--- Page 37 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
37
Annex 1 Articles of Association for Jordanes Investments 
AS

--- Page 38 ---
VEDTEKTER 
FOR 
JORDANES INVESTMENTS AS 
(per 28. mars 2022) 
§ 1 
Selskapets foretaksnavn er Jordanes Investments AS. 
§ 2 
Selskapets forretningskontor er i Oslo kommune. 
§ 3 
Selskapets formål er investering i aksjer og andre eiendeler i andre selskaper og foretak samt all annen 
virksomhet som hermed står i forbindelse. 
§ 4 
Selskapets aksjekapital er NOK 365 595 fordelt på 121 865 aksjer, pålydende NOK 3. 
§ 5 
To styremedlemmer i fellesskap tegner selskapets firma. 
§ 6 
Overdragelse av aksjer i selskapet krever ikke samtykke fra styret. Overdragelse av aksjer i selskapet 
utløser ikke forkjøpsrett for øvrige aksjeeiere i selskapet.

--- Page 39 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
38
Annex 2 Consolidated financial statements 2021 and 
Quarterly Report Q1 2022

--- Page 40 ---
Jordanes Investments AS
Consolidated Financial Statements 2021
1

--- Page 41 ---
Content 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
Consolidated statement of financial position 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity
Consolidated statement of cash flows
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
Section 1 - Overview
Section 5 - Tax
1.1 General information
5.1 Taxes
1.2 Basis of preparation
1.3 Significant accounting policies
1.4 Significant judgements, estimates and assumptions
Section 2 - Operating performance
Section 6 - Group structure
2.1 Segment information
6.1 Interests in other entities
2.2 Revenue from contracts with customers
6.2 Discontined operations and held for sale
2.3 Payroll expenses
6.3 Business combinations
2.4
6.4 Investments in associates
2.5 Inventories
2.6 Trade and other receivables
2.7 Trade and other payables
2.8 Provisions and other current liabilities
Section 3 - Non- current assets
Section 7 - Other disclosures
3.1 Property, plant and equipment
7.1 Remuneration to Management and the Board of Directors
3.2 Intangible assets and Goodwill
7.2 Related party transactions
3.3 Impairment considerations
7.3 First time adoption of IFRS
3.4 Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities
7.4 Events after the reporting period
Section 4 - Financial instruments, risk and equity
4.1 Financial instruments
4.2 Borrowings, pledged assets and guarantees
4.3 Aging of financial liabilities
4.4 Financial risk management
4.5 Fair value measurement
4.6 Equity and shareholders
4.7 Cash and cash equivalents
4.8 Financial income and expenses
4.9 Earnings per share
Operating expenses and other income and other expenses
2

--- Page 42 ---
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
For the years ended 31 December
Amounts in NOK thousands
Notes
2021
2020
Revenue from contracts with customers
2.1-2.2
5 104 288
        
4 795 171
        
Total revenue
5 104 288
        
4 795 171
        
Cost of materials and changes in inventories
2.5
-3 326 774
       
-3 140 465
       
Payroll expenses
2.3
-738 077
          
-712 249
          
Operating expenses
2.4
-500 238
          
-444 177
          
Depreciation and amortisation
3.1-3.3
-144 698
          
-160 877
          
Share of profit or loss in associates
6.4
29 160
             
16 783
             
Operating profit (before other income and other expenses)
423 661
           
354 186
           
Other income
2.4
227 660
           
8 503
               
Other expenses
2.4
-29 198
            
-46 074
            
Operating profit
622 123
           
316 615
           
Financial income
4.8
11 599
             
7 972
               
Financial expenses
4.8
-173 966
          
-234 771
          
Profit or loss before tax
459 756
           
89 816
             
Income tax expense
5.1
-33 753
            
-19 323
            
Profit or loss(-) continuing operations
426 003
           
70 493
             
Profit or loss (-) discontinued operations
6.2
-64 541
            
-750
                 
Profit or loss (-) total operations
361 462
           
69 743
             
Other comprehensive income:
Items that subsequently may be reclassified to profit or loss:
Foreign exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
-34 377
            
52 214
             
Total items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
-34 377
            
52 214
             
Total other comprehensive income for the year
-34 377
            
52 214
             
Total comprehensive income for the year
327 085
           
121 957
           
Allocation of profit or loss for total operations:
Profit or loss attributable to equity holders of the parent
372 568
           
65 782
             
Profit or loss attributable to non-controlling interests
6.1
-11 105
            
3 961
               
Allocation of total comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income attributable to equity holders of the parent
338 191
           
117 996
           
Total comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests
-11 105
            
3 961
               
Earnings per share (EPS) basic and diluted:
EPS continuing operation - profit or loss attributable to equity holders of the parent
4.9
4 210
               
667
                  
EPS total operations - profit or loss attributable to equity holders of the parent
4.9
3 726
               
658
                  
3

--- Page 43 ---
Consolidated statement of financial position 
Amounts in NOK thousands
Notes
31.12.2021
31.12.2020
01.01.2020
ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment
3.1
384 866
                
605 663
           
601 477
           
Goodwill
3.2-3.3
1 624 557
             
1 723 964
        
1 723 964
        
Intangible assets
3.2-3.4
627 489
                
629 513
           
638 240
           
Right-of-use assets
3.4
569 650
                
244 738
           
260 693
           
Investments in associates
6.3
14 246
                  
19 448
             
18 384
             
Non-current financial assets 
4.1
220 474
                
35 702
             
35 718
             
Deferred tax assets
5.1
-
                        
 -   
 -   
Total non-current assets
3 441 281
             
3 259 028
        
3 278 476
        
Current assets
Inventories
2.5
495 300
                
486 938
           
470 118
           
Trade receivables
2.6
649 151
                
569 278
           
592 396
           
Other receivables , etc
2.6
53 528
                  
109 749
           
69 491
             
Cash and cash equivalents 
4.7
192 359
                
438 271
           
283 540
           
Assets held for sale
6.2
83 919
                  
-
                   
-
                   
Total current assets
1 474 257
             
1 604 235
        
1 415 545
        
TOTAL ASSETS
4 915 538
             
4 863 263
        
4 694 021
        
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
Share capital
4.6
300
                       
300
                  
300
                  
Paid in capital
548 401
                
343 597
           
204 750
           
Cumulative translation differences
56 550
                  
90 927
             
38 713
             
Retained earnings
466 009
                
421 994
           
495 058
           
Equity attributable to equity holders of the parent
1 071 261
             
856 818
           
738 821
           
Non-controlling interests 
6.1
32 739
                  
119 765
           
129 025
           
Total equity
1 104 000
             
976 583
           
867 846
           
Non-current liabilities
Non-current interest-bearing liabilities
4.2
-
                        
2 205 109
        
2 138 718
        
Non-current lease liabilities
3.4
495 849
                
196 416
           
209 543
           
Deferred tax liabilities
5.1
124 235
                
102 537
           
107 427
           
Pension liabilities
2.3
3 414
                    
6 161
               
5 210
               
Non-current provisions
2.8
-
                        
-
                   
9 444
               
Total non-current liabilities
623 498
                
2 510 223
        
2 470 342
        
Current liabilities
Current interest-bearing liabilities
4.2
1 953 167
             
265 400
           
236 063
           
Current lease liabilities
3.4
77 104
                  
65 279
             
62 998
             
Trade and other payables
2.7
639 248
                
596 342
           
706 810
           
Income tax payable
5.1
61 813
                  
54 758
             
42 570
             
Current provisions
2.8
-
                        
2 480
               
2 579
               
Other current liabilities
2.8
386 296
                
392 198
           
304 813
           
Liabilities held for sale
6.2
70 412
                  
-
                   
-
                   
Total current liabilities
3 188 040
             
1 376 457
        
1 355 833
        
Total liabilities
3 811 538
             
3 886 680
        
3 826 175
        
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
4 915 538
             
4 863 263
        
4 694 021
        
Stig Terje Sunde
Chairman of the Board
Oslo, 29th April  2022
Jan Leif Bodd
Board Member
Karl Kristian Sunde
Board Member
4

--- Page 44 ---
Consolidated statement of changes in equity
Amounts in NOK thousands
Share 
capital
Paid-in 
capital
Cumulative 
translation 
differences
Retained 
earnings
Total
Balance as at 1 January 2020
300
          
204 750
      
38 713
      
495 058
   
738 821
       
129 025
     
867 846
        
Profit (loss) for the year
65 782
     
65 782
         
3 961
         
69 743
          
Group contribution received from parent*
138 847
      
138 847
       
138 847
        
Group contribution paid to parent*
-138 847
  
-138 847
      
-138 847
       
Other comprehensive income 
52 214
      
52 214
         
52 214
          
Dividend paid
-
               
-13 221
      
-13 221
         
Balance as at 31 December 2020
300
          
343 597
      
90 927
      
421 993
   
856 817
       
119 765
     
976 582
        
Profit (loss) for the year
372 568
   
372 568
       
-11 105
      
361 462
        
Acquisition minority Westend
-123 747
  
-123 747
      
-71 253
      
-195 000
       
Group contribution received from parent*
204 804
      
204 804
       
-
             
204 804
        
Group contribution paid to parent*
-
              
-204 804
  
-204 804
      
-
             
-204 804
       
Other comprehensive income 
-34 377
     
-
           
-34 377
        
-
             
-34 377
         
Dividend paid
-
           
-
               
-4 667
        
-4 667
           
Balance as at 31 December 2021
300
          
548 401
      
56 550
      
466 009
   
1 071 260
    
32 739
       
1 104 000
     
Non-
controlling 
interests
Total equity
Attributable to the equity holders of the parent 
*Group contribution from the parent is regarded as capital contribution from the parent. Group contribution paid to the parent is 
regarded as a dividend to the parent. All or part of the group contribution paid is deductible from taxable income. According to IAS 
12.57A the tax effect is included as a reduction in the tax expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income instead of 
being recognised directly in equity, see Note 5.1.
5

--- Page 45 ---
Consolidated statement of cash flows
For the years ended 31 December 
Notes
2021
2020
(Amounts in NOK thousands)
Profit or loss before tax from continuing operations
459 756
           
89 066
             
Net finance
162 367
           
227 253
           
Interest paid
-141 941
          
-164 118
          
Interest received
9 085
               
7 475
               
Income taxes paid
-5 814
              
-6 078
              
Depreciation and amortisation
3.1-3.4
144 698
           
161 394
           
Share of profit/loss in associates
6.4
-29 160
            
-16 783
            
Dividend received
18 039
             
16 651
             
Gain from sale of production facilities
2.4
-227 660
          
-
Working capital adjustments:
Changes in inventories
2.5
-8 362
              
-16 820
            
Changes in trade and other receivables
2.6
-23 653
            
23 118
             
Changes in trade and other payables
2.7
42 906
             
-110 468
          
Changes in provisions and other liabilities
2.8
-53 203
            
43 212
             
Changes NWC activities discontinued operations
6.2
-25 215
            
-
                   
Net cash flows from operating activities
321 843
           
253 902
           
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment
3.1
-51 742
            
-63 186
            
Purchase of shares in subsidiaries, net of cash acquired
6.1
-27 759
            
-
                   
Loans  - cash payments related parties (net)
7.2
-244 493
          
-
                   
Disposal of shares in subsidiaries, net of cash acquired
7.2
391 886
           
8 503
               
Net cash flow from investing activities
67 892
             
-54 683
            
Cash flow from financing activities
Proceeds from borrowings
4.3
5 490
               
40 811
             
Purchase of shares from non-controlling interests in subsidiaries
6.1
-65 000
            
-
                   
Payment of dividend to non controlling interests
6.1
-4 667
              
-13 221
            
Repayment of borrowings
4.3
-500 000
          
-11 474
            
Payment of principal portion of lease liabilities
3.4
-77 099
            
-69 651
            
Net cash flows from financing activities
-641 276
          
-53 535
            
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
-251 542
          
145 684
           
     Cash and cash equivalents at the start of the year/period *
4.7
451 360
           
283 540
           
Currency effect of cash and cash equivalents
-7 459
              
9 047
               
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year
192 359
           
438 271
           
* adjusted for cash in discontinued operations in 2021 see Note 6.2 as at 1 January, 2021
ACCOUNTING POLICIES
The consolidated statements of cash flows are prepared using the indirect method where the Group's cash flow has 
been broken down into cash from operating, investing and financing activities. The cash flow statment shows the 
general changes of cash from the previous reported period. 
6

--- Page 46 ---
1.1 General information
1.2 Basis of preparation
Corporate information
The consolidated financial statements of Jordanes Investments AS and its subsidiaries (collectively, "the Group" or 
"Jordanes Investments") for the year ended 31 December 2021 were authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 28 
April 2022. Jordanes Investments AS operates in the consumer industry and owns a portfolio of diversified consumer 
brands through the companies Scandza, The Feelgood Company and Bisca.
Jordanes Investments AS is a limited liability company incorporated and domiciled in Norway. The address of its 
registered office is Henrik Ibsensgate 60c, NO-0255 Oslo, Norway. Jordanes Investments AS was formerly known as 
Provender AS.
The consolidated financial statements of the Group comprise the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, 
consolidated statement of financial position, consolidated statement of cash flows, consolidated statement of changes 
in equity and related notes. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by The European Union (EU-IFRS). Jordanes Investments AS has previously 
only prepared stand-alone financial statements, and not prepared consolidated financial statements. See Note 7.3 First-
time adoption of IFRS.
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for derivative financial 
instruments, equity, financial assets and contingent consideration which have been measured at fair 
value. Further, the financial statements have been prepared on the basis og the going concern assumption. 
Presentation currency and functional currency
The consolidated financial statements are presented in Norwegian kroner (NOK) rounded to the nearest thousand, 
unless otherwise stated. NOK is also the functional currency of the parent company. For each entity, the Group 
determines the functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are measured using 
that functional currency. 
For presentation purposes, all balance sheet items are translated from the functional currency to the presentation 
currency by using the exchange rates in effect at the reporting date. Items recognised in the statement of profit and loss 
and OCI  as well as cash flow are translated from the functional currency to the presentation currency by applying 
monthly average exchange rates. If currency rates are fluctuating significantly, transaction date exchange rates are 
applied for significant transactions.
7

--- Page 47 ---
1.3 Significant accounting policies
1.4 Significant accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires management to make 
judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of 
assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates. Estimates and underlying 
assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which 
the estimates are revised and in any future periods affected. 
The accounting policies applied by management which includes a significant degree of estimates and assumptions or 
judgements that may have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements, are 
summarised below:
Estimates and assumptions:

Impairment of goodwill and brands (Note 3.3)
Key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting date, which 
have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next 
financial year, are also described in the individual notes referenced above. The Group has based its assumptions and 
estimates on parameters available as of the the reporting date for the consolidated financial statements. Existing 
circumstances and assumptions about future developments, however, may change due to market changes or 
circumstances arising that are beyond the control of the Group. Such changes are reflected in the assumptions when 
they occur.  
A detailed description of significant estimates and assumptions is included in the individual note, where applicable.
Accounting judgements:

Determining the useful lives of intangible assets (Note 3.2)

Determination of CGUs (Note 3.3)

Determining the lease term of contracts with extension and termination options (Note 3.4)

Determining disposal groups and discontinued operations (Note 6.2)

Accounting for sale of subsidiaries and lease back of properties (Note 2.4, 3.4, statement of cash flows)
A detailed description of significant accounting judgements  included in the individual note, where applicable.
Jordanes Investments has selected a presentation in which the description of accounting policies as well as estimates, 
assumptions and judgements are disclosed in the notes to which the policies relate. Other accounting policies are 
presented below:
Current versus non-current classification
The Group presents assets and liabilities in the statement of financial position based on current/non-current 
classification. 
An asset is current when:

It is expected to be realised or intended to be sold or consumed in the normal operating cycle,

It is held primarily for the purpose of trading,

It is expected to be realised within twelve months after the reporting period, or

It is cash or a cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least twelve 
months after the reporting period
All other assets are classified as non-current. 
A liability is current when:

It is expected to be settled in the normal operating cycle, 

It is held primarily for the purpose of trading, 

It is due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period, or

There is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after the reporting 
period
The Group classifies all other liabilities as non-current. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as non-current assets and liabilities and are presented net.
Standards issued but not yet effective
No changes in standards and interpretations issued, but not yet effective, are expected to have a material impact on 
the Group's financial statements. 
8

--- Page 48 ---
2.1 Segment information
Year ended  
31 December 2021
Scandza 
Group
The 
Feelgood 
Company
Bisca
HQ
Elim
Consolidated
REVENUES & PROFIT
External customers
4 229 888
     
416 499
     
457 901
           
5 104 288
       
Inter-segment 
3 650
            
91 376
       
36 965
             
-
              
-131 991
         
-
                  
Total revenue 
4 233 538
     
507 875
     
494 866
           
-
              
-131 991
         
5 104 288
       
Cost of materials
-2 903 776
    
-273 997
    
-270 279
         
121 278
          
-3 326 774
      
Payroll expenses
-507 311
       
-58 294
      
-172 472
         
-738 077
         
Other operating expenses
-376 343
       
-89 735
      
-44 873
           
-
              
10 713
            
-500 238
         
Depreciation and amortisation
-118 215
       
-6 164
        
-20 319
           
-
              
-144 698
         
Impairment losses
-
             
-
                  
-
                  
Share of profit/loss of an associates
-
             
29 160
             
29 160
            
Segment operating profit (before other 
income and other expenses)
327 893
        
79 685
       
16 083
             
-
              
-
                  
423 661
          
Capital expenditure ( incl. financial leases)
35 855
          
6 633
         
9 254
               
51 742
            
29 160
             
FINANCIAL POSITION
85 849
       
36 402
             
Total assets
5 485 858
     
833 407
     
1 363 121
        
-2 766 848
      
4 915 538
       
Total liabilities 
2 535 606
     
289 902
     
1 341 112
        
-355 082
         
3 811 538
       
Investments in associates
14 246
             
14 246
            
ACCOUNTING POLICIES
An operating segment is a component of an entity:
a)
that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses,
b)
whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the entity’s chief operating decision maker to make decisions 
about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and
c)
for which discrete financial information is available.
Financial Statements for the year 2021 represent the first consolidated financial statements according for IFRS for Jordanes Investments AS and 
consolidated IFRS statements have previously been reported by Jordanes AS. According to IFRS 8, if an entity changes the structure of its internal 
organisation in a manner that causes the composition of its reportable segments to change, the corresponding information for earlier periods shall 
be restated. Consequently, both the 2021 and 2020 financial information has been presented according to the composition of the reportable 
segments determined and presented in these financial statement.
The new segmentation is based on the reporting of the well-established own and external brands in one segment (Scandza Group) and emerging 
health and beauty products in another (The Feelgood Company). Production of cakes by the subsidiary Bisca is also reported separately. 
Scandza Group
Scandza Group consists of well known products and brands within the product categories: dairy and breakfast, chips, ready-to-eat and pizza (see 
also table below). Scandza Group is also a pure full-service FMCG (Fast Moving Consumer Goods) distributor, representing some of the biggest 
FMCG companies in the world as well as strong local Scandinavian and Norwegian producers.  
The Feelgood Company
Brand house and e-commerce within the areas of fitness, health and beauty. Products range from plant-based health food, cosmetics and sports 
nutrition.
Bisca
Well known Danisch production company with a long history, producing a wide range of cakes and biscuits.
HQ
Department expected to deliver shared services for the Group, it was established in 2022
For the period presented in these financial statement the Jordanes's Excecutive Management group has been the Chief Operating Decision Maker 
(CODM). For future reporting periods the Excecutive Management group will monitor the operating results of the presented operating segments for 
the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is evaluated on the basis of 
operating profit (before other income and other expenses) and is measured consistently with operating profit (before other income and other 
expenses) in the consolidated financial statements. The Group’s financing (including financial income and expenses) and income taxes are managed 
for the Group as a whole and are not allocated to operating segments.
9

--- Page 49 ---
2.1 Segment information (continued)
Year ended  
31 December 2020
Scandza 
Group
The 
Feelgood 
Company
Bisca
HQ
Elim
Consolidated
REVENUES & PROFIT
External customers
3 923 782
     
392 760
     
478 629
           
-
              
4 795 171
       
Inter-segment 
128 065
        
77 284
       
51 736
             
-
              
-257 085
         
0
                     
Total revenue 
4 051 847
     
470 044
     
530 365
           
-
              
-257 085
         
4 795 171
       
Cost of materials
-2 682 844
    
-263 810
    
-374 256
         
-
              
180 444
          
-3 140 465
      
Payroll expenses
-539 094
       
-66 165
      
-106 990
         
-
                  
-712 249
         
Other operating expenses
-440 075
       
-51 448
      
-29 296
           
76 641
            
-444 177
         
Depreciation and amortisation
-120 381
       
-5 532
        
-34 965
           
-
                  
-160 877
         
Impairment losses
-
                
-
             
-
                  
-
              
-
                  
-
                  
Share of profit/loss of an associates
-
                
-
             
16 783
             
-
              
-
                  
16 783
            
Segment operating profit (before other 
income and expenses)
269 453
        
83 090
       
1 641
               
-
              
-
                  
354 186
          
Capital expenditure ( incl. financial leases)
57 568
          
3 469
         
2 150
               
63 187
            
FINANCIAL POSITION
Total assets
4 243 954
     
222 789
     
538 677
           
4 243 954
   
-4 336 111
      
4 913 264
       
Total liabilities 
2 362 993
     
69 796
       
413 677
           
3 362 993
   
-2 280 678
      
3 928 781
       
Investments in associates
19 448
             
19 448
            
Assets by geographical location 
Amounts in NOK thousands
2021
2020
Norway
2 314 226
   
2 250 414
       
Sweden
497 326
      
367 560
          
Denmark
629 729
      
641 054
          
Total non-current assets
3 441 281
   
3 259 028
       
Substantial elements of goodwill and excess values arising from business combinations have mainly been allocated to the 
Norwegian location
Adjustments and eliminations 
Financial income and expenses, including fair value gains and losses on financial assets, are not allocated to individual segments as the underlying 
instruments are managed on a group basis.  
Capital expenditure consists of additions of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets.
Inter-segment revenues are eliminated on consolidation.
10

--- Page 50 ---
2.2 Revenue from contracts with customers
Set out below is the disaggregation of the Group’s revenue from contracts with customers:
Segments
Scandza 
Group
The 
Feelgood 
Company
Bisca
HQ
Total
Sales channels
Grocery and retail
3 227 064
      
96 949
           
402 942
         
3 726 955
 
Industry
276 266
         
21 542
           
297 808
    
Convenience & HoReCa*
456 489
         
183
                
456 672
    
Other channels
270 069
         
319 367
         
33 417
           
622 853
    
Total revenue
4 229 888
      
416 499
         
457 901
         
-
               
5 104 288
 
* Hotels, Restaurants and Catering
Geographical distribution 
Scandza 
Group
The 
Feelgood 
Company
Bisca
HQ
Total
Norway
3 488 190
      
274 399
         
25 790
           
3 788 379
 
Sweden
583 596
         
7 250
             
1 394
             
592 240
    
Denmark
70 816
           
108 859
         
343 539
         
523 214
    
Other
87 286
           
25 991
           
87 178
           
200 455
    
Total revenue
4 229 888
      
416 499
         
457 901
         
-
               
5 104 288
 
 For the year ended 31 December 2021
The Group manufactures and sells a large variety of consumer goods.
ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of the goods or services are transferred to the customer at an 
amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. 
Sale of goods
Revenue is recognised when the performance obligation is satisfied, which is at the point in time when the goods are packed and 
shipped, or in some cases delivered at customer’s premises, depending on the delivery terms. The payment terms are generally 
30-60 days after the performance obligation is satisfied. 
In determining the transaction price, the Group considers the effects of variable consideration. 
Variable consideration 
The Group estimates variable considerations to be included in the transaction price for the sale of goods that include limited-time 
sales campaigns or customer bonuses. The Group’s expected bonuses and compensation for joint marketing are analysed on a per 
customer basis. Estimates of the expected bonus will depend on the customer’s historical purchases, seasonal effects and 
accumulated purchases to date. Joint marketing where the Group compensates customers for part of costs related to campaigns 
etc., is accounted for as consideration payable to customers as a reduction of the transaction price and involves some element of 
estimation. It is accounted for as a reduction of the transaction price and, therefore, of revenue because the payment to the
customer is not in exchange for a distinct service.
The Group updates its assessment of expected bonuses and compensation for joint marketing each month. No significant 
uncertainty is deemed to relate to the variable consideration, and the amount which is to be adjusted after final estimation is not 
expected to be significant.
Acting as an distributor through distribution agreements
Bonaventura Nordic, with subsidiaries, (part of Scandza Group) is a pure full-service FMCG (Fast Moving Consumer Goods) 
distributor representing some of the biggest FMCG companies in the world as well as major local Scandinavian and Norwegian 
producers. The Group creates a profit by negotiating both the buying price from the principal and the selling price to the 
customer. The Group delivers a full service package and is responsible for all elements of the value chain after the products are 
delivered to the Group's own warehouse. Consequently the Group has concluded that the segment is acting as a principal for 
these transactions.
Contract balances
As the Group's revenues are recognised and invoiced upon delivery, the Group does not have any significant contract balances 
except for trade receivables. The Group presents its trade receivables arising from contracts with customers separately from other 
receivables. Accounting policies for trade receivables are presented in Note 2.6. 
All revenue was recognised at a point in time, and there was no unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied performance obligations as at 
31 December 2021 or 31 December 2020.
11

--- Page 51 ---
2.2 Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
Segments
Scandza 
Group
The 
Feelgood 
Company
Bisca
HQ
Total
Sales channels
Grocery and retail
2 861 938
      
149 898
         
438 772
         
-
               
3 450 608
 
Industry
445 904
         
-
                 
24 461
           
-
               
470 365
    
Convenience & HoReCa*
454 359
         
269
                
15 396
           
-
               
470 024
    
Other channels
159 685
         
242 593
         
-
                 
1 896
           
404 174
    
Total revenue
3 921 886
      
392 760
         
478 629
         
1 896
           
4 795 171
 
* Hotels, Restaurants and Catering
Geographical distribution 
Scandza 
Group
The 
Feelgood 
Company
Bisca
HQ
Total
Norway
3 173 750
      
226 449
         
3 350
             
1 896
           
3 405 445
 
Sweden
551 589
         
9 252
             
51 736
           
-
               
612 577
    
Denmark
89 892
           
137 980
         
309 076
         
-
               
536 948
    
Other
106 655
         
19 079
           
114 467
         
-
               
240 201
    
Total revenue
3 921 886
      
392 760
         
478 629
         
4 795 171
 
Types of products
2021
2020
Dairy and breakfast (Scandza Group)
1 466 708
    
1 399 365
 
Chips (Scandza Group)
332 259
       
348 234
    
Ready-to-eat (Scandza Group)
788 449
       
841 442
    
Pizza (Scandza Group)
424 009
       
334 543
    
Traded goods (Scandza Group)
1 187 845
    
996 560
    
Fitness (The Feelgood Company Group)
162 882
       
95 449
      
Health (The Feelgood Company Group)
88 997
         
130 241
    
Beauty (The Feelgood Company Group)
164 175
       
167 231
    
Cakes and biscuits (Bisca)
457 901
       
478 629
    
Other
31 063
         
3 477
        
5 104 288
    
4 795 171
 
 For the year ended 31 December 2020
The Norwegian grovery and retail market consists primarily of three larger retail groups that represent about 95% of the 
Norwegian retail market related to food and beverages. For both years, the three had a market share of  43%, 29% and 23%, 
respectivly. Scandza is a supplier to all three groups. Total revenues deriving from these three retail groups can be found in the 
Grocery and retail channel for Scandza Group. Two of these three retail groups accounted for more than 10% of the Group’s total 
revenue, with 23% and 15% respectively (22% and 14% respectively in 2020)
12

--- Page 52 ---
2.3 Payroll expenses
Payroll expenses (in NOK thousands)
2021
2020
Salaries
597 430
         
560 597
           
Employer's NICs
71 692
           
68 074
             
Pension costs
28 892
           
41 407
             
Other employee expenses
40 063
           
42 171
             
Total payroll expenses
738 077
         
712 249
           
Average number of full time employees (FTEs)
1 003
             
1002
The number of FTEs includes 20 (23) FTEs related to discontinuing operations in 2021 (2020)
ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Payroll expenses comprise all types of remuneration to personnel employed by the Group (ie. not staff contracted from 
third parties) and are expensed when earned. Ordinary salaries can be both fixed pay and hourly wages,which are 
earned and paid periodically. Holiday pay is earned on the basis of ordinary pay and is normally paid in the holiday 
months of the following year.  The employer’s national insurance contributions (NICs) are calculated and expensed for 
all payroll related costs including pensions. Pension contributions are earned on a monthly basis. Other employee 
expenses consist of other benefits such as  insurance, cars and telephones.
Defined contribution plans
A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which an entity pays fixed contributions into a 
separate entity and has no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for contributions to 
defined contribution pension plans are recognised as payroll expenses in the periods during which services are 
rendered by employees.   
Pensions
The Group has defined contribution pension plans for its employees.The Norwegian plan satisfies the statutory 
requirements in the Norwegian Mandatory Occupational Pensions Act (Lov om obligatorisk tjenestepensjon). 
Contributions are paid to pension insurance plans and charged to the income statement in the period to which the 
contributions relate. Once the contributions have been paid, there are no further payment obligations. Similar 
agreements exist in foreign subsidiaries. 
Synnøve Finden AS, Sørlandschips AS, Finsbråten AS, Leif Vidar AS, Westend Bakeri AS, Scandza Salg Norge AS and 
Scandza Norge AS participates in the early retirement LO/NHO-scheme (AFP). This plan entitles the Norwegian 
employees to life-long benefits from the age of 62 in addition to other plans. The plan is financed through a pooled 
arrangement by private sector employers, where also The Norwegian government contributes. The private sector 
employers contribute with 2/3 of the funding requirements and the Norwegian government 1/3. The contribution for 
2021 was 4% of the total payments between 1 and 7.1 times the Norwegian National Insurance Scheme's basic unit of 
calculation (G), which was NOK 106 000 at 31 December 2021, and 10% of total payments between 7.1 G and 12G to 
the employees. The plan is considered a defined benefit multi-employer plan with limited funding and where plan 
assets are not segregated. The information required to calculate a proportional share of the plan and account for the 
plan as a defined benefit plan is not available from the plan administrator. Consequently, the plan is accounted for as a 
defined contribution plan. The contributions to the plan were NOK 10 million in 2021 (NOK 5.0 million in 2020), 
exclusive of employer's NICs.
The Group also has an unsecured defined benefit pension scheme for some managers. The liability was NOK 4.0 million 
at 31 December 2021, and NOK 6.1 million at 31 December 2020. The expense in 2021 was NOK 1.0 million (NOK 1.0 
million in 2020). 
13

--- Page 53 ---
2.4 Operating expenses and other income and other expenses
Other operating expenses (in NOK thousands)
2021
2020
Consultants, legal advisors and temporary staff
45 942
                       
47 271
               
Travel / vehicles
27 912
                       
26 303
               
IT / communication
42 015
                       
26 531
               
Energy / sewage
73 208
                       
48 492
               
Marketing
97 510
                       
90 482
               
Maintenance machines / buildings
40 986
                       
54 381
               
Other indirect expenses
77 041
                    
70 455
               
Freight and distribution costs
95 624
                    
80 261
               
Total other operating expenses
500 238
                  
444 177
             
Other income (in NOK thousands)
2021
2020
Sale of production facilities
-
                         
8 503
                 
Sale of subsidiaries and gain on previously held shares in associates
227 660
                  
-
                     
Total other income
227 660
                  
8 503
                 
Other expenses (in NOK thousands)
2021
2020
M&A and IPO-related costs
5 954
                      
10 584
               
Product recall
-
                         
4 660
                 
Factory closure and relocation of Lier and Eidsvoll
17 776
                    
-
                     
Restructuring costs
5 468
                      
30 830
               
Total other expenses
29 198
                    
46 074
               
ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Other operating expenses are recognised when they occur and represent a broad range of operating expenses 
incurred by the Group in its day-to-day activities. Other operating expenses consist of expenses that are not 
classified on the lines for cost of materials, payroll expenses, depreciation and amortisation, or impairment of fixed 
assets.
Research and development (R&D)
The Group performs a range of research and development projects related to the Group's products. Total gross research 
and development costs came to NOK 15.2 million in 2021 and NOK 16.7 million in 2020. These figures include internal
(salary related) costs and external costs. R&D relates mainly to approved government grants projects and are expensed. 
Government grants received relate mainly to the Skattefunn and are deducted in reporting the related expense. Such 
grants were recognised in the amount of NOK 2.8 million in 2021 (NOK 2.9 million in 2020).
Other indirect expenses
Other indirect expenses include short-term leases,  insurance, courses, conferences , etc.
14

--- Page 54 ---
2.4 Operating expenses and other income and other expenses (continued)
Auditor fees (in NOK thousands)
2021
2020
Statutory auditing services
2 810
                      
2 546
                 
Other confirmation services
433
                         
333
                    
Tax advisory services
53
                           
14
                      
Other assurance services
1 446
                      
874
                    
Total remuneration to the auditor
4 742
                      
3 767
                 
Auditor,s fees:
The amounts above are stated exclusive of VAT. Other assurance services are mainly services related to tax forms and 
financial statements and IPO related activities.
Other income
Sale of production facilities: In 2020, a production facility in Sweden was divested and the profit from the sale has been 
recognised as "other income", since this transaction is not considered part of the day-to-day business operations. 
Sale of subsidiaries and gain on previously held shares in associates: In August 2021, the Group sold subsidiaries owning
factory facilities that are used by the Group in the production of its products. At the same time, the Group entered into 
agreements for the lease of the properties owned by these subsidiaries. Some of the subsidiaries sold have owned the 
relevant properties for a long time, and some are subsidiaries that have recently been demerged from other operating 
subsidiaries. In the demergers, tax positions have also been demerged (for further informasjon see Note  7.2).
The Group has evaluated whether sales and lease-back guidance in IFRS 16 Leases applies to the sales transactions. IFRS 
10 Consolidated Financial Statements states that a gain or loss shall be recognised in full on loss of control of a subsidiary. 
IFRS 16 states that when the transfer of an asset by the seller-lessee satisfies the requirements of IFRS 15 to be accounted 
for as a sale of the asset, the seller-lessee shall measure the right-of-use asset arising from the leaseback at the 
proportion of the previous carrying amount of the asset that relates to the right of use retained by the seller-lessee. 
Accordingly, the seller-lessee shall recognise only the amount of any gain or loss that relates to the rights transferred to 
the buyer-lessor.
In the absence of clear guidance, the Group’s policy is to apply IFRS 10.25 for loss of control of a subsidiary. The Group 
has recognised a net gain of NOK 227 million in 2021 as part of “other income" in the statement of comprehensive 
income. The reported gross gain is NOK 238 million before loss on sale of subsidiaries. The gain and loss amounts are 
presented net, as all the sales were part of one single transaction. The net gain also includes gain and loss amounts on the 
previously owned shares in Hylla Eiendom AS, where the remaining 50 percent of the shares in Hylla Eiendom AS 
purchased earlier in 2021. Total consideration for the transaction was NOK 450 million of which NOK 392 million has been 
settled in cash. Lease agreements for 20 years, with options for the tenant to extend for 10 + 10 years have been entered 
into. The Group has evaluated that it is not reasonably certain to extend the leases after 20 years, and has recognised 
lease liabilities in the amount of NOK 358 million at the commencement of the lease term.
Other expenses
M&A and IPO-related costs: In 2021 and 2020 several M&A projects were pursued without completion, incurring costs for 
legal and financial advisors. The Group also initiated IPO processes in the second quarter 2021, which were cancelled in 
October 2021. These processes have incurred a total of  NOK 6.0 million in costs, reported as other expenses. 
Product recall: In 2020 Bisca experienced a plastic contamination in one production line, resulting in a comprehensive 
recall of products under the Snøfler brand.
Factory closure and relocation of Lier and Eidsvoll: Following the acquisitions of Leiv Vidar AS in 2017, it was decided in 
2018 to consolidate the production of sausages and to close down the sausage factory operated by Finsbråten AS in 
Eidsvoll. The rental agreement for the factory in Eidsvoll expired in November 2021, and total costs of NOK 10.2 million 
related to rent of the abandoned factory and renovations in connection with termination of the lease have been reported 
as other expenses in 2021.  The fruit and berry factory at Lier was closed down in 2021, with total renovation costs of  
NOK 7.6 million incurred in connection with termination of the lease. These costs have been reported as other expenses.
Restructuring costs: restructuring costs are considered to be expenses incurred as part of a restructuring process and are 
expected to be non-recurring. Included in restructuring cost are costs related to severance pay in connection with 
redundancies and the replacement of senior managers as a result of reorganisations, and costs related to obsolete 
packaging following the restructuring of the production footprint. In addition, use of external consultants related to these 
restructuring and reorganisation projects carried out in 2020 and 2021 in also included. In 2020, especially, the Swedish 
and Danish operations have been significantly changed, streamlined and restructured to ensure long term prospects. For 
the year 2021, Bisca has incurred NOK 5.4 millions in restructuring and refinancing costs, reported as other expenses. 
15

--- Page 55 ---
2.5 Inventories
Inventories (in NOK thousands)
31/12/2021 31/12/2020 01.01.2020
Raw materials
151 145
     
94 443
       
103 485
     
Work in progress
98 294
       
90 685
       
116 654
     
Finished goods
277 338
     
330 309
     
280 279
     
Write downs
-31 477
     
-28 500
     
-30 300
     
495 300
     
486 937
     
470 118
     
Write downs
Inventories (in NOK thousands)
31/12/2021 31/12/2020 01.01.2020
Balance at 1 January
28 500
       
30 300
       
30 300
       
Changes in write down estimates
2 977
         
-1 800
       
-1 800
       
Balance at 31 December
31 477
       
28 500
       
28 500
       
Total inventories at the lower of cost and net realisable 
value
ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs incurred in bringing each product to its 
present location and condition are accounted for, as follows:

Raw materials: purchase cost on a first-in/first-out basis (FIFO)

Finished goods and work in progress: cost of direct materials, direct wages, packaging and a proportion of 
manufacturing overheads based on the normal operating capacity
Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs of 
completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale. 
16

--- Page 56 ---
2.6 Trade and other receivables
Trade receivables (in NOK thousands)
31.12.2021 31.12.2020
01.01.2020
Trade receivables from customers at nominal value
653 806
     
573 168
     
596 596
       
Allowance for expected credit losses 
-4 655
        
-3 890
        
-4 200
          
Total trade receivables
649 151
     
569 277
     
592 396
       
Other receivables, etc (in NOK thousands)
31.12.2021 31.12.2020
01.01.2020
Other receivables
50 013
       
77 627
       
46 845
         
Deposits
63
              
63
              
59
                
Prepaid expenses
3 452
         
30 365
       
22 587
         
VAT receivable
-
             
1 694
         
-
               
Total other receivables, etc
53 528
       
109 749
     
69 491
         
Allowance for expected credit losses
31.12.2021 31.12.2020
01.01.2020
At 1 January
3 890
         
4 200
         
4 100
           
Provision for expected credit losses
765
            
-310
           
100
              
At 31 December
4 655
         
3 890
         
4 200
           
Age status of 
trade receivables
Not due
< 30 
days
31-60 
days
> 60
days
Total
Trade receivables at 31.12.2021
581 622
                           
51 235
       
9 972
         
10 977
       
653 806
       
Trade receivables at 31.12.2020
502 881
                           
54 879
       
9 841
         
5 566
         
573 168
       
Trade receivables at 01.01.2020
518 024
                           
62 080
       
8 912
         
7 581
         
596 596
       
Trade receivables
Past due but not impaired
The credit risk for financial assets has not increased significantly from initial recognition. Realised losses are insignificant.
As at 31 December, the age status of trade receivables is as follows:
ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Trade and other receivables
The Group's trade receivables consist solely of amounts receivable from revenue contracts with customers. Trade receivables 
are generally on terms of 30 days. Other receivables consist mainly of prepaid expenses and VAT receivables which are expected 
to be realised or consumed in the normal operating cycle within twelve months after the reporting period. 
Trade and other receivables are financial assets initially recognised at fair value and subsequently at amortised cost using the
effective interest rate method. Trade and other receivables are subject to impairment, an allowance for expected credit losses is 
therefore recognised. 
Expected credit losses
The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) for its financial assets. ECLs are based on the cash flows 
that the Group expects to receive. For trade receivables, the Group applies a simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Therefore, 
the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting 
date. The Group bases the allowance on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the 
debtors and the economic environment. Actual historic losses have been immaterial. Policies for expected credit losses are 
further described in Note 4.1. 
For details regarding the Group's procedures on managing credit risk, see Note 4.4. 
17

--- Page 57 ---
2.7 Trade and other payables
Trade and other payables
31/12/2021 31/12/2020
01.01.2020
Trade payables
535 817
     
516 579
     
658 602
       
VAT
32 859
       
30 140
       
27 827
         
Payroll tax and national insurance contributions
70 572
       
49 623
       
20 381
         
Total trade and other payables
639 248
     
596 342
     
706 810
       
For an analysis of the age status of trade and other payables, see Note 4.3.
ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Trade and other payables are liabilities, i.e. present contractual obligations arising from past events where settlement is 
expected to result in an outflow of resources (payment). Trade payables consist of invoices for goods and services where the 
Group has received the significant risks and rewards of ownership as of 31 December. Other payables consist mainly of VAT, as
well as employee income tax withholdings (payroll tax) and national insurance contributions. 
Trade and other payables are measured at fair value upon initial recognition and subsequently at amortised cost. Trade and 
other payables are expected to be settled within the normal operating cycle less than twelve months after the reporting 
period. 
18

--- Page 58 ---
2.8 Provisions and other current liabilities
Reconciliation of non-current provisions:
(Amounts in NOK thousands)
 Contingent 
consideration 
 Total 
At 1 January 2020
9 444
                
9 444
          
Unused amounts reversed
               -9 444 
-9 444
        
At 31 December 2020
-
                   
-
             
At 31 December 2021
-
                   
-
             
As at 31 December 2021 all contingent considerations have been settled.
Reconciliation of current provisions:
(Amounts in NOK thousands)
 Restructuring 
 Total 
At 1 January 2020
2 579
                
2 579
          
Additional provisions made
2 480
                
2 480
          
Amounts used
-2 579
               
-2 579
        
At 31 December 2020
2 480
                
2 480
          
Amounts used
-2 480
               
-2 480
        
At 31 December 2021
-
                   
-
             
Other current liabilities:
(Amounts in NOK thousands)
31.12.2021
31.12.2020
01.01.2020
Accrued salaries and holiday pay
86 075
           
82 764
              
82 241
        
Other accrued costs
201 204
         
214 225
            
139 295
      
Estimated refund liability
99 018
           
95 209
              
83 277
        
Total other current liabilities
386 296
         
392 198
            
304 813
      
ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Provisions are liabilities with an uncertain timing or amount. They are recognised when the Group has a present 
obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying 
economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the 
obligation. The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present 
obligation to a third pary at the end of the reporting period. 
Contingent consideration
Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. 
Contingent consideration classified as equity is not remeasured and its subsequent settlement is accounted  for within 
equity. Other contingent consideration that is not within the scope of IFRS 9 is measured at fair value at each reporting 
date with changes in fair value recognised in profit and loss.  
Restructurring costs
Provisions are recognised when the Group has approved a formal and detailed restructuring plan, and the restructuring 
has either commenced or been announced publicly.
A provision is made and calculated on the basis of management assumptions at the time the provision is made and is 
updated as and when new information becomes available. All provisions are reviewed at the end of the financial period. 
Other current liabilities
Other current liabilities are accruals with a high degree of certainty with respect to their amount and the timing of 
settlement, although not as certain as payables. Accruals should include liabilities with respect to purchases for which 
and invoice has not yet been received, accrued bonuses and holiday pay. 
Refund liability
A refund liability is the obligation to refund some or all of the consideration received (or receivable) from the customer 
and is measured at the amount the Group ultimately expects it will have to return to the customer. A provision is made 
for the expected amount to be refunded to customers after the reporting date. The provision is recognised as variable 
consideration by applying the expected value method to determine the estimated rebate based on historical sales and 
specific forward-looking factors. See Note 2.2 for further descriptions.
19

--- Page 59 ---
3.1 Property, plant and equipment
(Amounts in NOK thousands)
Machinery and 
equipment
Under 
construction
Motor 
vehicles
Land and 
buildings
Total
Cost as at 1 January 2020
551 253
                
19 906
            
3 505
        
301 673
       
876 337
     
Additions
34 954
                  
24 617
            
375
           
3 240
           
63 186
       
Disposals
-22 994
                 
-29
                  
-1 386
       
-26 010
        
-50 419
      
Transfers
1 250
                    
-
            
-
               
1 250
         
Currency translation effects
1 265
                    
-
                  
-
            
-
               
1 265
         
Cost as at 31 December 2020
565 728
                
44 494
            
2 494
        
278 903
       
891 619
     
Additions *
18 534
                  
16 009
            
-
            
3 242
           
37 785
       
Disposals *
-
                        
-172 584
      
-172 584
    
Transfers
27 382
                  
-28 428
           
1 046
           
-
             
Transfer to assets held for sale *
-28 448
        
-28 448
      
Currency translation effects
15 364
                  
-
               
15 364
       
Cost as at 31 December 2021
627 008
                
32 075
            
2 494
        
82 159
         
743 737
     
Depreciation and impairment as at 1 
January 2020
242 730
                
82
                   
245
           
31 803
         
274 860
     
Depreciation for the year
63 524
                  
-
                  
170
           
21 199
         
84 894
       
Depreciation on disposals
-22 994
                 
-29
                  
-415
          
-26 981
        
-50 419
      
Currency translation effects
-17 782
                 
-
                  
-
            
-5 596
          
-23 378
      
Depreciation and impairment as at 31 
December 2020
265 478
                
53
                   
0
               
20 425
         
285 956
     
Depreciation for the year
66 269
                  
500
           
9 636
           
76 405
       
Depreciation on disposals *
1 578
                    
4 070
           
5 648
         
Depreciations on assets held for sale *
-5 353
          
-5 353
        
Currency translation effects
-3 719
                   
-67
               
-3 786
        
Depreciation and impairment as at 31 
December 2021
329 606
                
53
                   
500
           
28 711
         
358 870
     
Net book value:
At 31 December 2019
308 523
                
19 824
            
3 260
        
269 870
       
601 477
     
At 31 December 2020
300 250
                
44 441
            
2 494
        
258 478
       
605 663
     
At 31 December 2021
297 402
                
32 022
            
1 994
        
53 448
         
384 866
     
Economic life (years)
3-14
N/A
5
               
20-25
Depreciation plan
Straight-line method
ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Property, plant and equipment ("PP&E") is stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment 
losses, if any. When significant parts of PP&E are required to be replaced at intervals, the Group depreciates them 
separately based on their specific useful lives. All other repair and maintenance costs are recognised in profit and loss as 
incurred.
Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The residual values, useful 
lives and methods of depreciation of PP&E are reviewed at the close of each financial year end and adjusted prospectively, if
appropriate.
The Group assesses, at each reporting date, whether there is an indication that property, plant and equipment may be 
impaired. If such indication exists, the Group estimates the asset’s or CGU’s recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is 
the higher of an asset’s or CGU’s fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. The recoverable amount is determined 
for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other 
assets or groups of assets. 
No indicators for impairment of property, plant and equipment were identified in the current or prior period. 
* for further information se Note 2.4 and Note 6.1
20

--- Page 60 ---
3.2 Intangible assets and Goodwill
Nature of the Group's intangible assets 
The Group's intangible assets mainly comprise goodwill and brands acquired through the acquisition of subsidiaries.
ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Goodwill
Goodwill is an intangible asset which may not individually be recognised as an intangible asset due to the 
requirements of IAS 38. The value of goodwill is primarily related to synergies, the workforce and its capasity to 
generate and commercialise new technology as well as high growth expectations. Goodwill also arises due to the 
requirement to recognise deferred tax liabilities on the difference between the assigned values and the tax bases of 
assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination at amounts that do not reflect fair value.
Goodwill is initially measured at cost (being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred and the 
amount recognised for non-controlling interests and any previous interest held over the net identifiable assets 
acquired and liabilities assumed). 
After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. For the purpose of 
impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the 
Group’s cash-generating units (CGUs) that are expected to benefit from the combination, irrespective of whether 
other assets or liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those units.
None of the goodwill recognised is expected to be deductible for tax purposes
Intangible assets acquired 
Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets acquired 
in a business combination is their fair value on the date of acquisition. Following initial recognition, intangible assets 
are carried at cost less any accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. 
Other costs are classified as research and are expensed as incurred.
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS
Useful lives of intangible assets 
The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed as either finite or indefinite and may in some cases involve 
considerable estimation. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are initially measured at cost and subsequently 
measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. 
Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment 
whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the 
amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at the end of each reporting 
period. The initial assessment and review of economic useful lives requires management to make estimates and 
assumptions on the Group's intellectual property (IP) and competition in the future. Changes in expected useful life 
are treated as changes in accounting estimates. 
Established brands that have existed for a long period of time and have a sound reputation at the time of acquisition 
are assessed as having an indefinite useful life, and are not amortised. An indefinite useful life means that it is not 
possible to estimate the foreseeable period over which the asset is expected to generate net cash inflows for the 
entity. Only brands that are purchased through the acquisition of companies are capitalised in the consolidated 
financial statements. See Note 3.3 for impairment considerations and annual testing of the Group's intangible assets 
with indefinite useful lives. 
21

--- Page 61 ---
3.2 Intangible assets and Goodwill (continued)
(Amounts in NOK thousands)
Goodwill
Brands
Customer 
relationships
Total
Cost as at 31 December 2019
    1 723 964 
    627 489 
         19 846 
     2 371 299 
Cost as at 31 December 2020
    1 723 964 
    627 489 
         19 846         2 371 299 
Derecognition due to sale of shares in subidiaries
           -84 619                    -                       -             -84 619 
Cost as at 31 December 2021
    1 639 345 
    627 489 
         19 846         2 286 680 
Amortisation and impairment as at 1 January 2020
                   - 
                - 
           9 093                9 093 
Amortisation charge for the year
           8 727                8 727 
Amortisation and impairment as at 31 December 
2020
                   - 
                - 
         17 820              17 820 
Amortisation charge for the year
           2 026                2 026 
Impairment related to discontinued operations
         14 788 
             14 788 
Amortisation and impairment as at 31 December 
2021
         14 788 
                - 
         19 846              34 634 
Net book value:
At 1 January 2020
    1 723 964 
    627 489 
         10 751 
     2 362 204 
At 31 December 2020
    1 723 964 
    627 489 
           2 026 
     2 353 477 
At 31 December 2021
    1 624 557 
    627 489 
                   - 
     2 252 045 
Economic life (years)
N/A
N/A
3-5
Depreciation plan
N/A
N/A
Straight-line
The brands are considered to have indefinite economic lives, hence no amortisation has been recognised. Having long 
traditions and a well-established market position, “Synnøve” is one of the most well-known brands in Norway. 
“Sørlandschips” is the second largest Norwegian potato chips producer and has had considerable growth over many 
years. In biscuits and cakes, Bisca is the market leader in Scandinavia. Finsbråten, Leiv Vidar, Lindvalls and Broderna 
Nilsson are strong brands within the meat industry in Norway and Sweden.
Goodwill allocated to Synnøve Finden and Meals Norway has been partially derecognised in 2021 following the sale of 
shares in subsidiaries.
The brands' allocation to CGUs is presented in Note 3.3. 
Impairment testing
Impairment testing of goodwill and brands is described in Note 3.3. 
22

--- Page 62 ---
3.3 Impairment considerations
CGU - 31.12.2021
Brands
Goodwill
Total
Synnøve Finden (Scandza Group)
232 000
          
722 415
                
954 415
           
Sorlandschips (Scandza Group)
82 000
            
161 251
                
243 251
           
Meals Norway (Scandza Group)
41 300
            
114 517
                
155 817
           
Meals Sweden (Scandza Group)
80 518
            
93 441
                  
173 959
           
Bisca (Bisca)
141 671
          
252 632
                
394 303
           
Bonaventura (Scandza Group)
-
                 
39 789
                  
39 789
             
Bonaventura DK (Scandza Group) 1
-
                 
118 512
                
118 512
           
Elle Basic (The Feelgood Company)
30 000
            
78 700
                  
108 700
           
Bodylab (The Feelgood Company)
20 000
            
43 300
                  
63 300
             
Total 
627 489
          
1 624 557
             
2 252 046
        
CGU - 01.01.2020 and 31.12.2020 
Brands
Goodwill
Total
Synnøve Finden (Scandza Group)
232 000
          
744 070
                
976 070
           
Sorlandschips (Scandza Group)
82 000
            
161 251
                
243 251
           
Meals Norway (Scandza Group)
41 300
            
171 955
                
213 255
           
Meals Sweden (Scandza Group)
80 518
            
93 441
                  
173 959
           
Bisca (Biscal)
141 671
          
391 458
                
533 129
           
Bonaventura (Scandza Group)
-
                 
39 789
                  
39 789
             
Elle Basic (The Feelgood Company)
30 000
            
78 700
                  
108 700
           
Bodylab (The Feelgood Company)
20 000
            
43 300
                  
63 300
             
Total 
627 489
          
1 723 964
             
2 351 453
        
ACCOUNTING POLICIES
The Group has goodwill and brands with indefinite useful lives which are subject to annual impairment testing. The testing is 
performed annually as at 31 December and when circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired. 
Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of each CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill or intangible 
assets with indefinite useful lives relate. When the recoverable amount of the CGU is less than its carrying amount, an impairment 
loss is recognised. Impairment losses relating to goodwill cannot be reversed in future periods. 
An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of an asset or CGU’s fair value less disposal costs and its value in use. When the carrying 
amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable 
amount.
The fair value less disposal costs calculation is based on available data from binding sales transactions, conducted at arm’s length 
terms, for similar assets or observable market prices less incremental costs for disposing of the asset. In determining fair value less 
disposal costs, recent market transactions are taken into account. If no such transactions can be identified, an appropriate valuation 
model is used. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT
Determination of CGUs for goodwill and brands acquired in business combinations
In identifying whether cash inflows from an asset (or group of assets) are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets 
(or groups of assets), management considers various factors, including how it monitors the entity's operations (such as by product 
lines, businesses, individual locations, districts or regional areas) or how management makes decisions about continuing or disposing 
of the assets and operations. Goodwill and brands from acquisitions do not generate cash flows largely independently of other
assets.
The following CGUs has been identified:
Synnøve Finden (including Westend Bakeri)
Sørlandschips
Meals Norway (Finsbråten and Leiv Vidar )
Meals Sweden (Lindvalls Chark and Broderna Nilsson)
Bisca
Bonaventura (earlier Trade )
Bonaventura Sales Denmark (transferred from Bisca to Bonaventura as part of internal reorganisation/reporting)
Elle Basic
Bodylab
The CGUs are determined on business unit/company level or an aggregation of business units/companies reflecting business and 
product lines.
The table below outlines the carrying amounts of goodwill and brands allocated to each CGU:
1) Goodwill related to the acquisition of Royal Biscuit Group (RBG) by Bisca in 2015 has previously been reported as part of Goodwill 
allocated to Bisca. In 2021, a change of ownership and management reporting of RBG has been carried out, and RBG is now 
reported as part of Bonaventura DK.
23

--- Page 63 ---
3.3 Impairment considerations (continued)
CGU
Revenue growth 
in the forecast 
period
Free cash 
flow margin 
(post-tax)
Terminal growth 
rate
Post-tax 
discount rate
For the period ending 2021
Synnøve Finden
0.5-6.0%
3.7-7.7%
1,5 %
6,1 %
Sorlandschips
1.3-8%
4-8.6%
1,5 %
6,1 %
Meals Norway
3.1-5.3%
1.2-8%
1,5 %
6,1 %
Meals Sweden
3.8-10.9%
(0.3)-2%
1,5 %
6,1 %
Bisca
(1.9)-7.1%
(3,7)-3.6%
1,5 %
6,1 %
Bonaventura
(14.1)-4.9%
0.2-4%
1,5 %
6,1 %
Bonaventura Denmark
(14.1)-4.9%
0.2-4%
1,5 %
6,1 %
Elle Basic
3-16%
13.4-15.5%
1,5 %
6,1 %
Bodylab
3-20%
1.2-6.4%
1,5 %
6,1 %
For the period ending 2020
Synnøve Finden
(3.3)-4.1%
4.8-6.7%
1,5 %
6,4 %
Sorlandschips
3.4-4.4%
8.3-8.7%
1,5 %
6,4 %
Meals Norway
3.4-8.5%
(3.3)-6.1%
1,5 %
6,4 %
Meals Sweden
3.2-7.6%
0.4-5.4%
1,5 %
6,4 %
Bisca
5.1-7.0%
(4.8)-3.8%
1,5 %
6,4 %
Bonaventura
4.9-5%
1.6-6.4%
1,5 %
6,4 %
Elle Basic
9.0-15.0%
12.0-38.9%
1,5 %
6,4 %
Bodylab
14.9-15.0%
1.6-7.2%
1,5 %
6,4 %
Basis for determining the recoverable amount
The CGUs' recoverable amounts have been determined on the basis of their value in use. In assessing value in use, the expected 
future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a post-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the 
time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. The cash flows are derived from the detailed budget and forecast cal culations 
for the next five years approved by the Board of Directors. A long-term growth rate is calculated and applied to project future cash 
flows after the fifth year. The recoverable amount is sensitive to revenue growth in the forecast period, the discount rate, expected 
future cash flows and the terminal growth rate. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS
Impairment testing of goodwill and brands
The calculation of value in use for the CGUs are most sensitive to the following assumptions:
Free cash flow margin (post-tax)
Post-tax discount rate
Terminal growth rate
Free cash flow margin (post-tax)
The free cash flow is defined as net operating profit (loss) after tax, adjusted for depreciation and amortisation , capital expenditure, 
change in net working capital and unallocated corporate cost, with the margin calculated as the quotient of free cash flow an d 
revenues. The free cash flow margin is determined from an analysis of historical levels, adjusted for expected changes to employee 
benefit expenses, other expenses, capital expenditures and changes in working capital.
Post-tax discount rate
The discount rate reflects the current market assessment of the risks specific to the individual CGU. The post -tax discount rate is 
estimated based on the weighted average cost of capital (WACC). Since all CGUs operate in similar FMCG product markets and in 
close geographical proximity (Scandinavia) the same post-tax discount rate is used for all CGUs.   
Terminal growth rate
The terminal growth rate is the estimated long-term rate of growth in the economy where the business operates, aligned with long-
term global inflation targets.
The key assumptions used to determine the recoverable amount for each CGU is presented below:
The recoverable amounts for the cash generating units are higher than their carrying amounts and no impairment loss has been 
recognised in the current or prior period.
Sensitivity analysis
Future events could cause the key assumptions to deviate from the amounts used in the forecast period. The Group has performed 
a sensitivity analysis for each key assumption; free cash flow margin (post-tax), terminal growth rate and the post-tax discount rate. 
A reasonably possible change in a key assumption on which management has based its determination of the cash generating units’ 
recoverable amounts would not cause cash generating units’ carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amounts.
24

--- Page 64 ---
3.4 Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities
ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Group as a lessee
At the commencement date, the Group recognises a lease liability and corresponding right-of-use asset for all lease agreements in 
which it is the lessee, except for the following exemptions applied:

Short-term leases (defined as 12 months or less) 

Low-value assets (with an underlying value of less than NOK 50 000)
For these leases, the Group recognises the lease payments as operating expenses in the consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income.
Measuring the lease liability
The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments for the right to use the underlying asse t during 
the lease term that are not paid at the commencement date. The lease term represents the non-cancellable period of the lease, 
together with periods covered by an option to extend the lease when the Group is reasonably certain to exercise this option, and
periods covered by an option to terminate the lease if the Group is reasonably certain not to exercise that option.
The lease payments included in the measurement comprise:

Fixed lease payments, less any lease incentives received 

Variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the commencement 
date
The lease liability is subsequently measured by increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease liability, re ducing 
the carrying amount to reflect the lease payments made and remeasuring the carrying amount to reflect any reassessment or 
lease modifications, or to reflect adjustments in lease payments due to an adjustment in and an index or rate.
The Group presents its lease liabilities as separate line items in the consolidated statement of financial position.
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS
Determining the lease term of contracts with extension and termination options – Group as lessee 
The Group determines the lease term as the non-cancellable term of the lease, together with any periods covered by an option to 
extend the lease if it is reasonably certain to be exercised, or any periods covered  by an option to terminate the lease, if it is 
reasonably certain not to be exercised. 
The Group has lease contracts that include extension and termination options. The Group applies judgement in evaluating 
whether it is reasonably certain whether or not to exercise the option to renew or terminate the lease by considering relevant 
factors that create an economic incentive for it to exercise either the renewal or termination. After the commencement date, the
Group reassesses the lease term if there is a significant event or change in circumstances that is within its control and aff ects its 
ability to exercise or not to exercise the option to renew or to terminate. The effect of extension options is described in more 
detail in the section below. 
Measuring the right-of-use asset
The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost. The cost of the right-of-use asset includes the corresponding amount of the 
initial measurement of the lease liability, any lease payments made at or before the commencement date and initial direct cos ts 
incurred.
The right-of-use asset is subsequently measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, applying the same 
policies for impairment as for property, plant and equipment (Note 3.1). The right-of-use asset is depreciated from the 
commencement date to the earlier of the lease term and the remaining useful life of the right-of-use asset. Depreciation is 
calculated on a straight-line basis.
The Group presents its right-of-use assets as separate line items in the consolidated statement of financial position
25

--- Page 65 ---
3.4 Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities (continued)
Right-of-use assets
(Amounts in NOK thousands)
Machinery 
and 
equipment
Motor 
vehicles
Land and 
buildings
Total 
Carrying amount at 1 January 2020
83 157
            
17 166
            
160 370
           
      260 693 
Additions of right-of-use assets
16 691
            
1 308
              
35 678
             
        53 677 
Adjustments
-1 589
             
-291
                
4 427
               
          2 548 
Currency translation effects
-15
                   
1 249
              
439
                   
          1 673 
Disposal of right-of use assets
-
                   
-
                   
-
                    
                -   
Depreciation of right-of-use assets
-29 877
           
-5 968
             
-38 007
            
       -73 852 
Carrying amount at 31 December 2020
           68 367            13 464           162 908       244 739 
Additions of right-of-use assets
14 389
            
11 203
            
380 908
           
      406 500 
Adjustments
-9 306
             
-241
                
27
                     
         -9 520 
Currency translation effects
-32
                   
-591
                
-174
                 
            -797 
Depreciation of right-of-use assets
-20 125
           
-8 808
             
-42 338
            
       -71 271 
Carrying amount at 31 December 2021
           53 292            15 028           501 330       569 650 
Remaining lease term or remaining useful life (years)
3-10
3-5
3-20 
Depreciation plan
Straight-line method
The Group's leased assets
The Group leases several assets, mainly related to land and buildings, machinery and equipment and motor vehicles in Norway, 
in addition to Sweden and Denmark. Leases of land and buildings generally have lease terms  of between 3 and 20 years, while 
machinery and equipment and motor vehicles generally have lease terms of between 3 and 7 years. The Group also leases some 
assets that are expensed as incurred, since they are either considered short term or of low value. 
The Group's right-of-use assets recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position are presented in the table below:
26

--- Page 66 ---
3.4 Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities (continued)
Expenses in the period related to practical expedients and 
variable payments
2021
2020
Short-term lease expenses
                 150           3 450 
Low-value assets lease expenses
                   82              768 
Variable lease expenses in the period (not included in the lease liabilities)
                    -                268 
Total lease expenses in the period
                 232           4 486 
The Group's lease liabilities
Undiscounted lease liabilities and maturity of cash outflows
31.12.2021
31.12.2020
01.01.2020
Less than one year
87 272
           
75 275
            
81 388
        
One to two years
74 710
           
56 791
            
62 739
        
Two to three years
66 425
           
45 711
            
46 954
        
Three to four years
49 797
           
37 820
            
36 359
        
Four to five years
48 673
           
20 039
            
28 683
        
More than five years
436 031
         
71 726
            
113 664
      
Total undiscounted lease liabilities
762 908
         
307 362
          
369 787
      
Changes in the lease liabilities - 2021
Total
At 1 January 2021
261 695
      
New leases recognised during the period
406 500
      
Adjustments - changes from last year
-9 916
         
Cash payments for the principal portion of the lease liability (financing activities)
-77 099
       
Cash payments for the interest portion of the lease liability (operating activities)
-15 483
       
Interest expense on lease liabilities
15 483
        
Currencey translation effects
-1 774
         
Transfer held for sale
-6 453
         
Total lease liabilities at 31 December 2021 
572 953
      
Current lease liabilities in the statement of financial position
77 104
        
Non-current lease liabilities in the statement of financial position
495 849
      
Changes in the lease liabilities - 2020
Total
At 1 January 2020
272 541
      
New leases recognised during the period
53 677
        
Adjustments - changes from last year
2 685
          
Cash payments for the principal portion of the lease liability (financing activities)
-69 651
       
Cash payments for the interest portion of the lease liability (operating activities)
-12 844
       
Interest expense on lease liabilities
12 844
        
Currency translation effects 
2 443
          
Total lease liabilities at 31 December 2020
261 695
      
Current lease liabilities in the statement of financial position
65 279
        
Non-current lease liabilities in the statement of financial position
196 416
      
The lease expenses in the period related to short-term leases, low-value assets and variable lease payments are included in other 
operating expenses in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, and the payments are presented in the Group's 
operating activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows.
27

--- Page 67 ---
3.4 Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities (continued)
31.12.2021
31.12.2020
01.01.2020
Extension options not included in the lease payments (undiscounted cash flows)
305 193
         
178 544
          
180 340
      
Lease commitments not included in the lease liabilities
Inflation adjustments
In addition to the lease liabilities presented above, the Group is committed to making variable lease payments for its factory and 
office buildings, mainly related to future inflation adjustments, which are not included in the initial calculation of lease liabilities. 
The lease liability and right-of-use asset will be adjusted to reflect the inflation adjustment when the uncertainty related to the 
adjustment has been resolved. However, due to low inflation forecasts, these adjustments are expected to be immaterial.
Extension and termination options
The Group has some lease contracts that include extension and termination options. These options are negotiated by 
management to provide flexibility in managing the Group’s business needs. The Group does not include the extension period for
leases as part of the lease term when management were not reasonably certain to exercise the option to extend the leases. 
Furthermore, the periods covered by termination options are included as part of the lease term only when they are reasonably 
certain not to be exercised. 
In 2021, the Group sold subsidiaries that owned properties that are leased back, see Note 2.4. These leases were not accounted 
for as sale and lease-back. The properties are primarily production facilities used in the Group's own production, and some of the 
facilities are situated in rural areas. The lease terms are 20 years, with two options to extend ten years each. Management has 
evaluated that the production facilities are neither sufficiently special for the Group nor that there are other economic incentives 
which would make it reasonable certain that the Group will extend the lease periods after 20 years, and have consequently not
included any extention option periods in the lease term and lease payments. 
The effect of exercising the extension options is presented in the table below:
Other matters
The Group's leases do not contain provisions or restrictions that impact that Group's dividend policies or financing possibilities. 
28

--- Page 68 ---
4.1 Financial instruments
ACCOUNTING POLICIES
A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity
instrument for another entity.
Classification of financial instruments
The Group's financial instruments are grouped in the following categories: 
Financial Assets

Financial assets measured subsequently at amortised cost: Includes mainly trade receivables, other receivables 
and cash and cash equivalents

Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss: Includes investments in shares and currency 
derivatives when the fair value is positive and net loan to related parties.
With the exception of the financial assets measured at fair value through profit and loss, the Group's financial assets 
are part of the Group's business model with the sole objective to collect contractual cash flows. Additionally, the 
contractual terms of the financial assets give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of 
principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding, thereby passing the "SPPI test", constituting debt 
instruments measured at amortised cost.
Financial Liabilities

Financial liabilities measured subsequently at amortised cost: Represent the Group's interest bearing liabilities as 
well as non-interest bearing liabilities such as trade payables.

Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss: Includes currency derivatives when the fair value 
is negative. 
Initial recognition and subsequent measurement
Financial assets and liabilities measured subsequently at amortised cost
The Group's financial assets and liabilities are initially recognised at fair value plus or minus directly attributable 
transaction costs, except for trade receivables which are initiallly recognised at their transaction price as defined in 
IFRS 15. Subsequently, these instruments are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method (EIR). 
Gains and losses are recognised in profit and loss upon impairment, when the instruments are derecognised as well 
as through the EIR amortisation process.  
Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are 
an integral part of the EIR. The EIR amortisation is included as financial income or expenses in the consolidated 
statement of comprehensive income.
Impairment of financial assets
Financial assets measured at amortised cost are considered for impairment by recognising an allowance for expected 
credit losses (ECLs). The Group applies a simplified approach (as applicable for trade receivables) in calculating ECLs, 
where the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs 
at each reporting date. The Group bases its ECLs on its historical losses, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific 
to the debtors and the economic environment. See Note 4.4 for further information related to management of credit 
risk. 
Derecognition of financial instruments
A financial asset is derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired, the Group has 
transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or the Group has assumed an obligation to pay the received 
cash flows in full under a "pass-through" arrangement.
A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. When 
an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms or the 
terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as the 
derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability. The difference in the respective carrying 
amounts is recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
Offsetting of financial instruments 
Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated statement of 
financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an 
intention to settle on a net basis, to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously. 
29

--- Page 69 ---
4.1 Financial instruments (continued)
31.12.2021
Notes
Financial 
instruments at 
amortised cost
Financial 
instruments at fair 
value through 
profit and loss 
Total
Assets
Trade receivables 
 2.6 
             649 151 
            649 151 
Other receivables 
 2.6 
               53 528 
              53 528 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 4.7 
             192 359 
            192 359 
Non-current financial assets 
Investments in shares (equity)
                       2 290                 2 290 
Other financial assets
 7.2 
             218 184 
            218 184 
Total non-current financial assets 
218 184
              
2 290
                          
            220 474 
Total financial assets
1 113 222
          
2 290
                       
1 115 512
         
Liabilities
Interest-bearing loans and borrowings
Current interest-bearing liabilities
4.2
1 953 167
          
         1 953 167 
Other financial liabilities
Trade and other payables 
2.7
639 248
             
            639 248 
Total financial liabilities
2 592 415
          
-
                           
2 592 415
         
31.12.2020
Notes
Financial 
instruments at 
amortised cost
Financial 
instruments at fair 
value through 
profit and loss 
Total
Assets
Trade receivables 
 2.6 
             569 278 
            569 278 
Other receivables 
 2.6 
             159 749 
            159 749 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 4.7 
             438 271 
            438 271 
Non-current financial assets 
Investments in shares (equity)
                       2 389                 2 389 
Other financial assets
               33 313 
              33 313 
Total non-current financial assets 
33 313
                 
2 389
                          
              35 702 
Total financial assets
1 200 611
          
2 389
                       
1 203 000
         
Liabilities
Interest-bearing loans and borrowings
Non-current interest-bearing liabilities
4.2
2 205 109
          
         2 205 109 
Current interest-bearing liabilities
4.2
265 400
             
            265 400 
Other financial liabilities
Trade and other payables 
2.7
596 342
             
            596 342 
Total financial liabilities
3 066 851
          
-
                           
3 066 851
         
30

--- Page 70 ---
4.1 Financial instruments (continued)
01.01.2020
Notes
Financial 
instruments at 
amortised cost
Financial 
instruments at fair 
value through 
profit and loss 
Total
Assets
Trade receivables 
 2.6 
             592 396 
            592 396 
Other receivables 
 2.6 
               46 904 
              46 904 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 4.7 
             283 540 
            283 540 
Non-current financial assets 
Investments in shares (equity)
                       5 875                 5 875 
Other financial assets
               29 843 
              29 843 
Total non-current financial assets 
29 843
                 
5 875
                           
              35 718 
Total financial assets
952 683
             
5 875
                       
958 558
            
Liabilities
Interest-bearing loans and borrowings
Non-current interest-bearing liabilities
4.2
2 138 718
          
         2 138 718 
Current interest-bearing liabilities
4.2
236 063
             
            236 063 
Other financial liabilities
Trade and other payables 
2.7
706 810
             
            706 810 
Total financial liabilities
3 081 591
          
-
                           
3 081 591
         
There are no changes in classification and measurement for the Group’s financial assets and liabilities.
Financial income and expenses arising from the Group's financial instruments are disclosed separately in Note 4.8. 
31

--- Page 71 ---
4.2 Borrowings, pledged assets and guarantees
Non-current interest 
bearing liabilities
Interest rate
Maturity
31.12.2021
31.12.2020
01.01.2020
Term loan, DNB (NOK)
NIBOR*+3,75% - 
4,25%
Mar 2022
-
             
1 541 621
  
1 541 621
Term loan, DNB (DKK)
NIBOR*+3,75% - 
4,25%
Mar 2022
-
             
317 543
     
297 932
Term loan, DNB (SEK)
NIBOR*+3,75% - 
4,25%
Mar 2022
-
             
151 902
     
137 446
Acquisition Capex loan, 
DNB (NOK)
NIBOR*+3,00% - 
3,75%
Mar 2022
-
             
200 000
     
200 000
     
 - Incremental borrowing costs capitalised (DNB)
-
             
-5 957
        
-38 281
      
Total non-current interest bearing liabilities
-
             
2 205 109
  
2 138 718
  
Current interest bearing liabilities
31.12.2021
31.12.2020
31.12.2019
Term loan, DNB (NOK)
NIBOR*+3,75% - 
4,25%
Mar 2022
1 291 621
-
             
-
             
Term loan, DNB (DKK)
NIBOR*+3,75% - 
4,25%
Mar 2022
98 500
-
             
-
             
Term loan, DNB (SEK)
NIBOR*+3,75% - 
4,25%
Mar 2022
92 156
-
             
-
             
Acquisition Capex loan, D
NIBOR*+3,00% - 
3,75%
Mar 2022
200 000
     
-
             
-
             
 - Incremental borrowing costs capitalised (DNB)
Factoring, DNB (NOK)
270 890
     
265 400
     
236 063
Total current interest bearing liabilities
1 953 167
  
265 400
     
236 063
     
* NIBOR being floating 3 month NIBOR rate. 
The Group issued no new debt in 2021. The reconciliation of changes in liabilities incurred as a result of financing 
activities are presented in note 4.3. The term Loan matures March 2022, and has been refinanced in February 2022 
(see note 7.4).
Factoring (DNB)
Most of the Norwegian entities are included in a factoring agreement with DNB, which is considered as a credit 
facility and a short term liability. The receivables are not derecognised, and the amount received is recognised as 
current interest bearing liability.
Overdraft facility
The Group has revolving facility where up to NOK 100 million may by drawn. See note 4.3 under liquidity risk for 
further information. 
Guarantees
The Group have entered into several guarantee commitments, total amounts of NOK 10.6 million as at 31 
December 2021, and NOK 15.2 million as at 31 December 2020. These guarantees have been provided for custom 
clearence in the amount of NOK 4.1 million , tax guarantees NOK 3.0 million and rental guarantees in the amount of 
NOK 3.5 million.
32

--- Page 72 ---
4.2 Borrowings, pledged assets and guarantees (continued)
 The Group has pledged assets as security for its loans and borrowings, as presented in the table below:
Assets pledged as security 
31.12.2021
31.12.2020
01.01.2020
Secured balance sheet liabilities:
Interest-bearing liabilities to financial institutions
1 953 167
  
2 470 509
  
2 374 781
  
Carrying value of assets pledged as security for secured liabilities:
Trade receivables
649 151
     
569 278
     
592 396
     
Inventories
495 300
     
486 938
     
470 118
     
Investments in shares and associates
14 246
       
19 448
       
18 384
       
Property, plant and equipment
384 866
     
605 663
     
601 477
     
Total assets pledged as security
1 543 563
  
1 681 326
  
1 682 375
  
The Group bank agreement includes financial covenants normal to the business. As at 31 December 2021 these 
are: Adjusted Leverage (Senior Net Debt/EBITDA) and Interest Cover (EBITDA/Net Finance Charges). Non 
compliance with these covenants may cause all debt to mature. 
There was no breach of any financial covenants for the Group's interest-bearing liabilities in the current or prior 
periods. 
33

--- Page 73 ---
4.3 Aging of financial liabilities
Contractual undiscounted cash flows from financial liabilities are presented below:
31.12.2021
1-12 months
1-2 years
2-3 years
3-4 years
4-5 years
More than 5 
years
Total
Financial liabilities
Non-current interest-bearing 
liabilities
                -   
Current interest-bearing 
liabilities
     1 953 167 
  1 953 167 
Trade and other payables
        639 248 
      639 248 
Non-current lease liabilities
          74 710             66 421           49 797             48 673          436 031       675 632 
Current lease liabilities
          77 104 
        77 104 
Total financial liabilities
     2 669 519           74 710             66 421           49 797             48 673          436 031   3 345 151 
31.12.2020
1-12 months
1-2 years
2-3 years
3-4 years
4-5 years
More than 5 
years
Total
Financial liabilities
Non-current interest-bearing 
liabilities
     2 205 109 
  2 205 109 
Current interest-bearing 
liabilities
        265 400 
      265 400 
Trade and other payables
        596 342 
      596 342 
Non-current lease liabilities
          56 791             45 711           37 820             20 039            71 726       232 087 
Current lease liabilities
          65 279 
        65 279 
Total financial liabilities
        927 021      2 261 900             45 711           37 820             20 039            71 726   3 364 217 
01.01.2020
1-12 months
1-2 years
2-3 years
3-4 years
4-5 years
More than 5 
years
Total
Financial liabilities
Non-current interest-bearing 
liabilities
                  -   
       2 177 000 
                  -                       -                      -     2 177 000 
Current interest bearing 
liabilities
        236 063 
      236 063 
Trade and other payables
        706 810 
      706 810 
Non-current lease liabilities
          62 739             46 954           36 359             28 683          113 664       288 399 
Current lease liabilities
          81 388 
        81 388 
Total financial liabilities
     1 024 261           62 739        2 223 954           36 359             28 683          113 664   3 489 660 
Remaining time to contractual maturity
Remaining time to contractual maturity
Non-current liabilities include only long term loan from DNB, whereas current interest-bearing liability consists of Factoring (DNB). 
For further information se Note 4.2.
34

--- Page 74 ---
4.3 Aging of financial liabilities (continued)
Reconciliation of changes in liabilities incurred as a result of financing activities:
2021
01.01.2021
 Net Cash 
flow effect
New leases 
and 
adjustments
Foreign 
exchange 
movement
Amortisation 
of loan fee
Reclassificati
on
31.12.2021
Non-current interest-bearing 
liabilities
2 205 109
     
-500 000
      
-28 789
         
5 957
              
-1 682 277
     
                -   
Current interest-bearing 
liabilities
265 400
        
5 490
            
-
                  
1 682 277
      
  1 953 167 
Non-current lease liabilities
196 416
        
385 917
          
-
                  
-86 484
          
      495 849 
Current lease liabilities
65 279
          
-77 099
        
-
                  
2 440
            
-
                  
86 484
           
        77 104 
Total liabilities from 
financing
     2 732 204       -571 609           385 917          -26 349               5 957 
                   -     2 526 120 
2020
01.01.2020
 Net Cash 
flow effect
New leases 
and 
adjustments
Foreign 
exchange 
movement
Amortisation 
of loan fee
Reclassificati
on
31.12.2020
Non-current interest-bearing 
liabilities
2 138 718
     
34 068
          
32 323
            
-
                 
  2 205 109 
Current interest-bearing 
liabilities
236 063
        
29 337
          
-
                  
      265 400 
Non-current lease liabilities
209 543
        
55 889
            
2 443
            
-
                  
-71 459
          
      196 416 
Current lease liabilities
62 998
          
-69 178
        
-
                  
-
                  
71 459
           
        65 279 
Total liabilities from 
financing
     2 647 322         -39 841             55 889           36 511             32 323 
                   -     2 732 204 
Non-cash changes
Non-cash changes
35

--- Page 75 ---
4.4 Financial risk management
Foreign currency sensitivity
Date
Change in FX 
rate
Effect on 
equity and 
profit after tax
Increase / decrease in NOK/EUR
31.12.2021
+/- 10%
+/- 29 000
Increase / decrease in NOK/EUR
31.12.2020
+/- 10%
+/- 28 000
Overview
The Group’s principal financial liabilities comprise interest-bearing liabilities (included but not limited to the factoring 
agreement), lease liabilities, trade and  other payables. The main purpose of these financial liabilities is to finance the 
Group’s operations. The Group’s principal financial assets include trade receivables, other receivables, cash and short -
term deposits and non-current financial assets.
The Group is exposed to a range of risks affecting its financial performance,  including market risk, credit risk and 
liquidity risk. The Group seeks to minimise the potential adverse effects of such risks through sound business 
practices, risk management and hedging. 
Risk management is carried out by Group management under policies approved by the Board. The Board reviews and 
agrees policies for managing each of these risks, which are summarised below.
Market risk
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates, and equity prices 
will affect the company’s income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The objective of market risk 
management is to manage and control risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimising the Group's
profits. 
Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of 
changes in market interest rates. The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates 
primarily to the Group’s interest-bearing liabilities which have base interest rates in NIBOR (see Note 4.2). Lease 
liabilities and cash and cash equivalents are also affected by interest rates, but to a lesser degree. 
The Group does not currently hedge base interest rates. The current interest rate environment is low and the Group 
may enter into contracts to offset some of the risk depending on the future expected interest rates. 
Interest rate sensitivity
A percentage point interest rate change would impact profit before tax by approximately NOK 19 million at 31 
December 2021 (NOK 23 million at 31 December 2020). 
Foreign currency risk
Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of 
changes in foreign exchange rates. The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in foreign exchange rates relates 
primarily to the Group’s operating activities (cost of materials; raw materials and trade products), investing activities 
(purchase of property, plant and equipment), financing activities (interest-bearing liabilities in foreign currencies) and 
the Group’s net investments in foreign subsidiaries. Revenues are mainly denominated in the local currency. The 
Group's interest bearing liabilities are mainly denominated in NOK. The Group's equity and expenses are mainly 
denominated in NOK, EUR, SEK and DKK. 
The Group enters into forward contracts (derivatives) in order to generate predictable cash flows for future purchases 
of materials within the year. About 60 - 90 percent of raw materials and trade products in foreign currency is 
purchased with exchange rates from the forward contracts. The Group currently does not apply hedge accounting.
Foreign currency sensitivity
The following table illustrates the sensitivity for a hypothetical increase or decrease in the foreign exchange rates in 
the period, holding all other variables constant. With the exception of term loans in DKK and SEK, other foreign 
exchange receivables/liabilities are primarily intercompany related.
36

--- Page 76 ---
4.4 Financial risk management (continued)
Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the company if a customer or counterpart to a financial instrument fails to 
meet its contractual obligations, and arises primarily from the Group’s trade receivables from customers.
The Group manages its credit risks by trading with creditworthy third parties and the Group’s customer base is mainly 
made up of large grocery chains in Norway and their franchisees. It is the Group's policy that all customers wishing to 
trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures, which include an assessment of credit rating, 
short-term liquidity and financial position. The Group obtains sufficient collateral (where appropriate) from 
customers as a means of mitigating the risk of financial loss from defaults. In addition, receivable balances are 
monitored on an ongoing basis, with the result that the Group's exposure to losses has been low.
An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date to measure expected credit losses. The provision rates 
are based on days past due, product type, customer type and rating, and coverage by letters of credit or other forms 
of credit insurance. For an overview of the age status of trade receivables and the expected credit losses recognised 
for trade receivables see Note 2.6.
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations associated with financial 
liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Group monitors its risk of experiencing a 
shortage of funds by monitoring its working capital and overdue trade receivables and establishing credit facilities. 
The Group's objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of credit 
facilities and interest-bearing debt to finance working capital and investments. 
Synnøve Finden AS, Sørlandschips AS, Nbev AS, Bonaventura AS, Finsbråten AS and Smarte Nytelser AS have factoring 
agreements. Factoring agreements are recorded as interest-bearing liabilities.  
The Group has a bank agreement with a syndicate of banks and DNB Bank ASA as agent. The bank agreement grants 
both long-term loans and a revolving credit facility of NOK 100 million, which has not been utilised. Investments in 
fixed assets are partly financed through leasing agreements. The Group uses a multi-currency group bank account 
system (International Cash Pool) to coordinate liquidity use by subsidiaries (presented net in the consolidated 
statement of financial position). Under these agreements, Jordanes Investments AS is the group account holder, 
whereas the subsidiaries are participants and hold a position only against Jordanes Investments AS. The bank can 
offset overdrafts against deposits, so that the net position represents the net balance between the bank and Jordanes 
Investments AS. The Group's current banking facilities expire in March 2022, and a similar structure has been 
negotiated for refinancing purposes. With this financial structure, the Group has both sufficient long term financing 
and adequate financial flexibility (see Note 7.4).
An overview of the maturity profile of the Group's financial liabilities, with corresponding cash flow effect, is 
presented in Note 4.3.
37

--- Page 77 ---
4.5 Fair value measurement
ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Fair value is the price that would be received fpr the sale of an asset or paid for the transfer of a liability in an orderly transaction 
between market participants on the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the 
transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:
•
In the principal market for the asset or liability, or
•
In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability
The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group.
The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the 
asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest. A fair value measurement of a non-financial 
asset takes into account a market participant's ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use 
or by selling it to another participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.
The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to 
measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable inputs.
All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised within the fair 
value hierarchy described below, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:
•
Level 1 — Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
•
Level 2 — Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is directly or
indirectly observable
•
Level 3 — Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is 
unobservable
Fair value calculations and disclosures
For the periods presented in these financial statements, the only financial assets at fair value are some unlisted shares which are 
insignificant. The cost price has been evaluated to be a reasonable estimation of fair value. Additionally, a contingent 
consideration liability has been measured at fair value, using the expected DCF method. The contingent consideration was settled
in full in 2020. Both the unlisted shares and the contingent consideration are at level 3 in the fair value hierarchy, and no further 
disclosure is provided due to the amounts being immaterial.
Management has assessed that the fair values of its financial instruments approximate their carrying amounts, and no further fair 
value disclosures are provided. The fair value of cash and short-term deposits, trade and other receivables and trade and other 
payables approximate their carrying amounts largely due to the short-term maturities of these instruments and the current low 
interest rates. The carrying value of other non-current financial assets, which to a large extent are loans to emplolyees,  is also 
evaluated to approximate the fair value. The fair values of the Group’s interest-bearing liabilities are determined by using the
expected DCF method at a discount rate that reflects the issuer’s borrowing rate as at the end of the reporting period. The fair
value of the Group's interest-bearing debt is in most cases similar to its carrying amount, as the interest rates are floating and the 
Group's own non-performance risk at each reporting date was assessed to be insignificant.
38

--- Page 78 ---
4.6 Equity and shareholders
Issued capital and reserves:
Share capital in Jordanes Investments AS
Number of 
ordinary 
shares
Financial 
position
 (in NOK 
thousand)
At 31 December 2021
           100 000              300 
At 31 December 2020
           100 000              300 
At 31 December 2019
           100 000              300 
At January 2019
           100 000 
300
The Group’s shareholders:
Shareholders in Jordanes Investments AS at 31.12.2021
Number of 
total shares
Ownership
Jordanes Investments Holdings AS (formerly known as Provender Holding AS)
100 000
           
100 %
Total
100 000
           
100 %
Shareholders in Jordanes Investments AS at 31.12.2020
Number of 
total shares
Ownership
Jordanes Investments Holdings AS (formerly known as Provender Holding AS)
100 000
           
100 %
Total
100 000
           
100 %
Shareholders in Jordanes Investments AS at 31.12.2019
Number of 
total shares
Ownership
Jordanes Investments Holdings AS (formerly known as Provender Holding AS)
100 000
           
100 %
Total
100 000
           
100 %
Each ordinary share has a par value of NOK 3.00. 
Capital management
Jordanes Investment's goal is to secure its shareholders a best possible long-term return on capital employed, measured as 
the aggregate of dividends and appreciation of the share value. 
The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments in light of changes in economic conditions. To maintain or 
adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, 
issue new shares or issue debt. The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by total assets 
plus net debt.  The Group defines net debt as interest-bearing debt, lease liabilities, less cash and cash equivalents.
ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Distribution to shareholders
The Group recognises a liability to make distributions to equity holders when the distribution is authorised and the 
distribution is no longer at the discretion of the Group. Puruant to corporate legislation in Norway, a distribution is 
authorised when it is approved by the shareholders. A corresponding amount is recognised directly in equity.
39

--- Page 79 ---
4.7 Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents
31.12.2021
31.12.2020
01.01.2020
Bank deposits, unrestricted
171 459
425 093
272 445
      
Bank deposits, restricted
20 900
13 178
11 095
        
Total cash and cash equivalents
192 359
          
438 271
           
283 540
      
4.8 Financial income and expenses
Financial income
2021
2020
Interest income
9 085
               
7 312
          
Other financial income
2 514
               
660
             
Total financial income
11 599
             
7 972
          
Financial expenses
2021
2020
Interest on interest-bearing liabilities
129 946
           
120 498
      
Amortisation directly attibutable transaction costs (part of EIR) (Note 4.2)
5 957
               
32 324
        
Interest expense on lease liabilities
15 483
             
12 844
        
Net currency loss
19 881
             
57 770
        
Other financial expenses
2 699
               
11 335
        
Total financial expenses
173 966
           
234 771
      
Interest income represents mainly interest income on cash deposits, while interest expenses represents mainly interest 
expenses on external financing, measured and classified at amortised cost in the statement of financial position.  
ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position comprise cash at banks and short-term deposits with a 
maturity of three months or less, which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. For the purpose of the 
consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and short-term deposits. Restricted bank 
deposits comprise cash deposits for withheld employees tax deductions which may not be used for other purposes. 
Bank deposits earn a low interest at floating rates based on prevailing bank deposit rates. 
ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Interest income and interest expenses on loans and receivables are calculated using the effective interest method. 
Foreign currency gains or losses are reported as a gain or loss on foreign exchange within financial income or finance 
expenses, except for currency translation effects from investments in foreign subsidiaries which are presented in OCI. For 
other accounting policies related to underlying financial instruments, see Note 4.1.
Interest expenses on lease liabilities represent the interest rate implicit in the lease, or the incremental borrowing rate 
used to measure the lease liabilities recognised in the statement of financial position, for further disclosures see Note 3.4. 
40

--- Page 80 ---
4.9 Earnings per share
The following table reflects the income and share data used in the EPS calculations: 
2021
2020
420 968
66 674
-48 400
-892
372 568
65 782
Weighted average number of ordinary shares (basic = diluted) - for EPS
100 000
100 000
EPS continuing operation - profit or loss attributable to equity holders of the parent
4 210
          
667
                   
EPS discontinued operations - profit or loss attributable to equity holders of the parent
-484
            
-9
                      
EPS total operations - profit or loss attributable to equity holders of the parent
3 726
          
658
                   
diluted= basic
Profit or loss attributable to equity holders of the parent, discontinued operations
Profit or loss attributable to equity holders of the parent, continuing operations
Profit and loss attributable for equity holders of the parent, total operations
ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent by the 
weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year. 
Diluted EPS is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent by the weighted 
average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average number of ordinary 
shares that would be issued on conversion of all the dilutive potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.
41

--- Page 81 ---
5.1 Taxes
ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Current income tax
Current income tax is measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities. The tax 
rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date 
in the countries where the Group operates and generates taxable income. Cumulative translation differences are 
recognised directly in equity (Other comprehensive income). 
Deferred tax
Deferred tax is provided using the liability method on temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities 
and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes at the reporting date. Deferred tax liabilities are recognised 
for all taxable temporary differences, except:

When the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction that 
is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable 
profit or loss

In respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and interests in 
joint arrangements, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable 
that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future
Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the 
deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, 
except:

When the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of an 
asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither 
the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss

In respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and interests in 
joint arrangements, when it is not possible that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and 
taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is no 
longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. 
Unrecognised deferred tax assets are re-assessed at each reporting date and are recognised to the extent that it has 
become probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year when the asset is 
realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the 
reporting date.
Deferred tax relating to items recognised outside of profit and loss is recognised outside profit and loss. Deferred tax 
items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction either in OCI or directly in equity. 
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current tax assets 
against current tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority.
Unused tax losses
Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be 
available against which the losses can be utilised. 
The tax loss carried forward from Norwegian entities may be offset against future taxable income and will not expire. 
Other tax loss carried forward do not expire. 
Some subsidiaries and associates have neither any taxable temporary difference nor any tax planning opportunities 
available that could partly support the recognition of these losses as deferred tax assets. On this basis, the Group has 
determined that it cannot recognise deferred tax assets on the tax losses carried forward. 
42

--- Page 82 ---
5.1 Taxes (continued)
Income tax expense:
2021
2020
Tax payable
61 813
           
54 759
           
Change deferred tax/deferred tax assets (ex. 
OCI effects) - continous operations
16 998
           
-4 890
            
Change in deferred tax/deferred tax assets (ex. 
OCI effects) - discontinued operations
-14 988
          
-
                 
Settled group contribution Jordanes
-45 058
          
-30 546
          
Total income tax expense  - total operations
18 765
           
19 323
           
Deferred tax relates to the following:
31.12.2021
31.12.2020
Inventories
-6 863
            
-6 210
            
Property, plant and equipment 
16 926
           
7 632
             
Intangible assets
138 048
         
138 493
         
Other current assets
-633
               
-554
               
Interest deduction carry forward
-23 497
          
-23 497
          
Other liabilities
-
                 
-
                 
Pensions
-239
               
Losses carried forward
-14 734
          
-16 955
          
Other temporary differences
-
                 
3 867
             
Net deferred tax liabilities
109 247
         
102 537
         
Deferred tax liabilities in the statement of 
financial position - continuing
124 235
         
102 537
         
Deferred tax assets in the statement of 
financial position - discontinued
-
                   
14 988
           
-
                 
Reconciliation of deferred tax liabilities, net 
31.12.2021
31.12.2020
As at 1 January 
102 537
         
107 427
         
Sale of subsidiaries
4 701
             
Tax expense during the period recognised in profit and loss
2 009
             
-4 890
            
As at 31 December
109 247
         
102 537
         
Reconciliation of income tax expense
2021
2020
Profit or loss before tax
459 756
         
89 816
           
Result from discontinued operations
-79 529
          
-
                 
Tax expense 22% (Norwegian tax rate)
83 650
           
19 760
           
Permanent differences - group contributions paid *
-45 057
         
-30 546
          
Share of profit in associates
-6 415
           
-3 692
           
Sale factories - permanent differences (Note 2.4)
-50 085
         
-
                 
Other permanent differences*
36 672
           
33 800
           
Recognised income tax expense 
18 765
           
19 322
           
The Group's operations are subject to income tax in various foreign jurisdictions. The statutory income tax rates are 
22% for both years. No deviations has been identified for the group's deferred tax liabilities.
A reconciliation of the differences between the theoretical tax expense under the rate applicable in Norway and the 
actual tax expense is as follows: 
* The permanent differences relate to group contribution paid to Jordanes AS. Other permanent differences includes non -
recognised deferred tax asset related to tax-losses carry forward in foreign subisidiaries.
43

--- Page 83 ---
6.1 Interests in other entities
ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basis of consolidation
The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of Jordanes Investments AS and its subsidiaries 
as at 31 December 2021. The subsidiaries are consolidated when control is achieved as defined by IFRS 10. Specifically, 
the Group controls an investee if, and only if, the Group has:
•
Power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the 
investee)
•
Exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee
•
The ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns
Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. However, the Group considers all 
relevant facts and circumstances when assessing whether it has power over an investee. 
The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes 
to one or more of the three elements of control. Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control 
over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Assets, liabilities, income and expenses 
of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated financial statements from the 
date the Group gains control until the date the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.
Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income ("OCI") are attributed to the equity holders of the 
parent of the Group. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to 
transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.
Change in the ownership interest oin a subsidiary, without a loss of control
A change in ownership interest in a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction. 
Consideration in excess of or lower than the carrying amount of non-controlling interests is recognised against the 
equity attributable to the owners of the parent. 
Loss of control of a subsidiary
If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests, and 
reclassifies to profit and loss, or transfers directly to retained earnings as appropriate, the amounts recognised in other 
comprehensive income in relation to the subsidiary. Any investment retained at the date when control is lost is 
measured at fair value and a gain/loss is recognised.
Non-controlling interests
Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented in equity separately from the equity attributable to the owners of 
the parent. For each business combination non-controlling interests are measured initially, at either  the proportionate 
fair value of net identifiable assets or of fair value of those interests at the date of acquisition.   
44

--- Page 84 ---
6.1 Interests in other entities (continued)
Office
CUR
Shareholding 
and the 
Group's voting 
share 
Shareholding 
and the Group's 
voting share 
2021
2020
Scandza AS
Oslo
NOK
100,0%
100,0%
Scandza Norge AS
Oslo
NOK
100,0%
100,0%
Scandza Danmark ApS
Stege, DK
DKK
100,0%
100,0%
Scandza Sverige AB
Gøteborg, SE
SEK
100,0%
100,0%
The Feelgood Company AS
Oslo
NOK
100,0%
100,0%
Bonaventura Nordic AS
Oslo
NOK
100,0%
100,0%
Sørlandschips AS
Kristiansand
NOK
100,0%
100,0%
Synnøve Finden AS
Oslo
NOK
100,0%
100,0%
Synnve Finden Eesti AS
Tallin, RE
EUR
100,0%
100,0%
Leiv Vidar AS
Hønefoss
NOK
100,0%
100,0%
Finsbråten AS
Oslo
NOK
100,0%
100,0%
Scandza Salg Norge AS
Oslo
NOK
100,0%
100,0%
Westend Bakeri AS
Oslo
NOK
100,0%
51,0%
Smarte Nytelser AS
Oslo
NOK
100,0%
100,0%
Nbev AS
Oslo
NOK
100,0%
100,0%
Elle Basic AS
Oslo
NOK
100,0%
100,0%
Bodylab ApS
Hadsund, DK
DKK
100,0%
100,0%
B Green AS
Oslo
NOK
100,0%
100,0%
Bonaventura Sales AS
Oslo
NOK
100,0%
100,0%
Bonaventura Sales Denmark A/S
Svendborg, DK
DKK
100,0%
100,0%
Bonaventura Sales Co. Denmark A/S
Svendborg, DK
DKK
75,0%
75,0%
Bonaventura Sales Norge AS
Trondheim
NOK
100,0%
100,0%
Bonaventura Sales Sverige AB
Eslöv, SE
SEK
100,0%
100,0%
Bonaventura  Confectionary AB
Eslöv, SE
SEK
65,0%
65,0%
Bonaventura Sales UK Ltd.
Ilkeston, GB
GBP
100,0%
100,0%
Bisca A/S
Stege, DK
DKK
100,0%
100,0%
Scandza Sälj Sverige AB
Åstorp, SE
SEK
100,0%
100,0%
Broderna Nilsson Delikatesser AB
Göteborg, SE
SEK
100,0%
100,0%
Lindvalls Chark AB
Strömsnäsbruk, S
SEK
100,0%
100,0%
All subsidiaries are included in the consolidated statement of financial position.
Consolidated entities at 31 December 2021
The consolidated entities
The subsidiaries of Jordanes Investments AS are presented below:
In 2021, the remaning shares in Hylla AS (see Note 6.3 and Note 6.4) were acquired for the amount of NOK 28 million. Later 
in the year, all the shares were sold, so Hylla AS is not shown as a subsidiary as at 31 December 2020 or 2021. During 2021, 
some property-owning subsidiares were demerged and sold as part of the property transaction, and are not shown as 
subsidiaries at 31 December 2020 or 2021 (see Note 2.4). The addition of factory related to the aquisition of Hylla Eiendom 
AS, is not included in Note 3.1, due to short period of ownership.
In July 2021, the outstanding shares in Westend Bakeri AS were acquired from Dely, increasing the investment from 51 per 
cent to 100 per cent. Dely is a related party, since it is wholly owned by Jordanes. The aquisition price was NOK 195 million, of 
which NOK 65 million was paid in cash, while the rest is recorded as an unsecured loan. For further information see Note 7.2.
45

--- Page 85 ---
6.1 Interests in other entities (continued)
Subsidiaries with significant non-controlling interests
Percentage of equity held by non-
controlling interests: 
Place of 
business
2021
2020
2019
Bonaventura  Confectionary AB
Elsöv, Sweden
35 %
35 %
35 %
Bonaventura Sales Co. Denmark A/S ( 
held for sale 2021)
Svendborg, Danmark
25 %
25 %
25 %
Westend Bakeri AS 
Rud, Norway
0 %
49 %
49 %
31.12.2021:
Company 
(Amounts in NOK thousands)
Profit/loss 
(non-
controlling)
Accumulated 
interest (non-
controlling)
Dividend 
paid to non-
controlling
Profit/ loss 2021 
(100%)
Equity 31.12.2021 
(100%)
Bonaventura  Confectionary AB
          2 185 
44 828
              
              -   
6 238
                
146 497
              
Bonaventura Sales Co. Denmark A/S
       -16 141 
-12 089
             
           335 
-64 541
             
-76 663
               
Westend Bakeri AS ( 6 months)*
2 850
          
-
                    
4 332
        
NA
NA
Total
       -11 105               32 740         4 667 
             -58 303                 69 834 
31.12.2020:
Company 
(Amounts in NOK thousands)
Profit/ loss 
(non-
controlling)
Accumulated 
interest (non-
controlling)
Dividend 
paid to non-
controlling
Profit/loss  2020 
(100%)
Equity 31.12.2020 
(100%)
Bonaventura  Confectionary AB
             600 
42 643
              
              -   
1 714
                
140 259
              
Bonaventura Sales Co. Denmark A/S
            -130 
4 387
                
           335 
-521
                  
-12 122
               
Westend Bakeri AS
3 492
          
72 734
              
12 886
      
7 126
                
148 436
              
Total
          3 961             119 764       13 221 
                8 319               276 573 
01.01.2020:
Company 
(Numbers in NOK thousands)
Profit/ loss 
(non-
controlling)
Accumulated 
interest (non-
controlling)
Dividend 
paid to non-
controlling
Profit/loss 2019 
(100%)
Equity 31.12.2019 
(100%)
Bonaventura  Confectionary AB
1 036
          
42 043
              
438
           
1 224
                
138 545
              
Bonaventura Sales Co. Denmark A/S
351
             
4 853
                
-
           
3 762
                
-11 936
               
Westend Bakeri AS
10 455
        
82 129
              
-
           
21 337
              
154 196
              
Total
        11 842             129 025            438 
              26 323               280 805 
Summarised financial information of subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests is provided below:
*Outstanding shares of Westend Bakeri AS were aquired in July, when Jordanes AS aquired Dely, which was a minority 
shareholder.
46

--- Page 86 ---
6.2 Discontined operations and held for sale
For the years ended 31 December
Amounts in NOK thousands
2021
2020
Revenue from contracts with customers
150 505
               
214 452
         
Total revenue
150 505
               
214 452
         
Cost of materials and changes in inventories
-152 405
              
-194 438
        
Payroll expenses
-20 648
                
-12 880
          
Other operating expenses
-6 423
                  
-6 737
            
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment
-15 208
                
-517
               
Share of profit or loss in associates
Operating profit (before other income and expenses)
-44 179
                
-120
               
Other income
Other expenses
-30 428
                
-176
               
Operating profit
-74 607
                
-296
               
Financial income
111
                      
163
                
Financial expenses
-5 033
                  
-617
               
Profit or loss before tax
-79 529
                
-750
               
Income tax expense
14 988
                 
-
                 
Profit or loss for the year
-64 541
                
-750
               
ACCOUNTING POLICIES
A disposal of a group or part of a group may qualify as a discontinued operation  if the group or part of a group is considered 
to be a cash generating unit that has been sold or is classified as held for sale and represents a major line of business or 
geographical area of operation.
Discontinued operations are excluded from the results of the continuing business and are presented as a single net amount 
under profit and loss after tax from discontinued operations in the consolildated statement of comprehensive income. All 
intercompany transactions are eliminated in accordance with the principles of consolidation and only external income and 
expenses are presented as discontinued operations.
Details of discontinued operations
At the end of 2021 management decided to close down the business related to trading of cookies produced by third parties. 
This business was carried out in the subsidiary Bonaventura Sales Company Denmark (BVSCo). The non-current assets are 
primarily a warehouse. At year-end 2021, some employees had been retained to sell the remaining inventory and settle 
financial instruments. There is also a dispute with the tax authorities that needs to be settled. 
The group of assets, including the warehouse, and liabilities in the subsidiary will be disposed of as a consequence of 
management’s decision to dispose of the business. Consequently, the disposal group was reported as assets and liabilities 
held for sale at 31 December 2021. Management has further concluded that the cookies trading business, which is only 
conducted in BVSCo, should be classified as a discontinued operation under IFRS 5 Non-current assets held for sale and 
discontinued operations. This conclusion affects the presentation in the statement of comprehensive income, statement of 
financial position and notes. However, it has not affected profit / (loss) from total operations or total assets and liabilities. 
The Jordanes Investments Group has its own production of cakes and biscuits through the segment Bisca. Before 2021, this 
segment also included trading in cookies. In 2021, the business related to trading in cookies was transferrred to the segment
Scandza, which has a trading business for other kinds of third-party products, such as washing-up liquid, facial care and baby 
food, and has other business in Denmark. In 2021, it has become clear that the cookie trading business requires another 
competence and contacts and has no clear synergies with other parts of the third-party distribution business. It is a strategic  
decision to exit the cookies trading business. BVSCo has been a separate CGU with a considerable impact on profit and loss in
2021 which is not relevant for the continuing operations. Consequently, management has evaluated that this represents a 
separate major line of business that is to be disposed of as part of a single coordinated plan, to be presented as discontinued 
operations.
Net loss before tax for discontinued operations amounts to NOK 80 million in 2021, primarily as a result of closing down the 
business and selling off assets with a high expected loss. Estimate of  losses related to the sale of assets (buildings, inventory 
and other accruals (i.e., several tax issues) have been recognised in profit and loss for the year 2021. In addition, amortisation 
and impairment of goodwill in the amount of NOK 15 million has been recorded. The assets are being sold individually and 
final settlement is exptected by summer 2022.
47

--- Page 87 ---
6.2 Discontined operations and held for sale (continued)
Amounts in NOK thousands
2021
2020
Net cash from operating activities
-29 394
                
-4 609
            
Net cash from investing activities
-125
                     
-235
               
Net cash from financing activities  - intercompany
43 687
                 
-
                 
Net change in cash
14 168
                 
-4 844
            
Cash and cash equivalents at the start of the year
-13 089
                
-8 245
            
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year
1 079
                   
-13 089
          
Balance sheet at 31 December 2021 is presented below: 
Amounts in NOK thousands
31.12.2021
ASSETS
Assets
Intangible assets incl. Goodwill
14 988
                 
Buildings
24 448
                 
Inventory
27 917
                 
Accounts receivable
15 487
                 
Investments in shares
Cash and cash equivalents
1 079
                   
Total assets classified as held for sale
83 919
                 
Long-term loans
6 453
                   
Accounts payable
10 011
                 
Other current liabilities
53 948
                 
Interest-bearing liabilities
Total liabilities classified as held for sale
70 412
                 
Cash flow from discontinued operations
For 2021 the main cash flow impact of discontinued operations relates to  low sales and high cost of goods sold,  in addition to
payments to tax authorities. Finance activities are explained by an intercompany loan to fund payment of taxes. 
48

--- Page 88 ---
6.3 Business combinations
ACCOUNTING POLICIES
A business combination is a transaction or other event in which an acquirer obtains control of one or more businesses. A 
business consists of inputs and processes applied to those inputs that have the ability to create outputs. Determining 
whether a particular set of assets and activities is a business should be based on whether the integrated set is capable of 
being conducted and managed as a business by a market participant. 
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is measured as the 
aggregate of the consideration transferred, measured at acquisition date fair value and the amount of a non-controlling 
interest in the acquiree. The consideration transferred includes the fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a 
contingent consideration arrangement, e.g. earn-out. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred and included in 
other operating expenses.
If the business combination is achieved in stages, the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the 
acquiree on the acquisition date is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date through profit and loss. 
In a business combination, the acquiree’s identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities that meet the condition s 
for recognition are recognised at their fair values at the acquisition date, with some exceptions. These have primarily been 
relevant for deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are recognised at nominal value. Goodwill arising on acquisition is 
recognised as an asset measured at the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the fair value of any previously 
held equity interests and the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree over the amounts of the net 
identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If this consideration is lower than the value of the recognised net 
assets of the acquiree, the difference is recognised in profit and loss. After initial recognition, goodwill is not amortised but 
tested for impaiment. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the 
acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the 
combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those units. Subsequent 
changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration asset or liability are recognised in profit and loss. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS
In a business combination, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are valued at fair value at the time of acquisition. 
The various assets and liabilities are valued on the basis of different models, requiring estimates and assumptions to be 
made. Goodwill is the residual in this allocation. Errors in estimates and assumptions can lead to an error in the split of t he 
value between the various assets and liabilities including goodwill, but the sum of the total excess values will always be 
consistent with the purchase price paid.
Determination of fair values
Fair values have been determined for measurement and/ or disclosure purposes based on the following methods. When 
applicable, further information about the assumptions made in determining fair values is disclosed in the notes specific to 
the asset or liability:
Property, plant and equipment acquired in business combinations
The fair value of property recognised as a result of a business combination is based on market values. The market value of 
property is the estimated amount for which a property could be exchanged between independent parties in an arm’s 
length transaction after proper marketing wherein the parties had each acted knowledgeably and willingly. The fair value 
of items of plant, equipment, fixtures and fittings is based on a market or cost approach using quoted market prices for 
similar items when available and replacement cost when appropriate. 
49

--- Page 89 ---
Intangible assets acquired in business combinations
The fair value of patents and brands acquired in a business combination is based on the discounted estimated royalty 
payments that have been avoided as a result of the patent or brand being owned. The fair value of customer relationships 
acquired in a business combination is determined using the multi-period excess earnings method, whereby the subject 
asset is valued as a residual after deducting a fair return on all other assets that are part of creating the related cash flows. 
The fair value of other intangible assets is based on the discounted cash flows expected to be derived from the use and 
eventual sale of the assets.
Inventories acquired in business combinations
The fair value of inventories acquired in a business combination is determined on basis of their estimated selling price in 
the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and sale, and a reasonable profit margin based on 
the effort required to complete and sell the inventories. 
The purchase price, paid in cash, for the remaining 50 percent of the shares in Hylla Eiendom AS was NOK 28 million. All the 
shares in Hylla Eiendom AS was sold in August 2021 as part of the integrated single transaction to sell five property-owning 
subsidiaries and lease-back the properties. The gain on the previously held assets is presented together with the net gain 
on the disposal of the properties, see Note 2.4 and Note 6.4. 
No business combinations were performed in 2020. In 2021, the outstanding shares (49 percent) in Westend  Bakeries AS 
were aquired in July 2021 see Note 7.2.
50

--- Page 90 ---
6.4 Investments in associates
Associated company
Office
Ownership/ 
voting 
interest
Number of 
shares 
owned
Carrying 
amount 
31.12.2021
Carrying 
amount
31.12.2020
Carrying 
amount 
01.01.2020
Hylla Eiendom AS
Namsos
0 %
500
            
-
              
5 525
         
5 075
          
Skagerrak-Holding
Larvik
28 %
277
            
14 246
        
13 923
       
13 308
        
Total
14 246
       
19 448
       
18 383
       
2021 summarised financial information :
Associated company
Liabilities
Equity
Assets
Revenues
Result in 
the period
Hylla Eiendom until aquired
1 500
Skagerrak-Holding AS (100%)
432 102
48 769
480 871
1 177 960
99 972
2020 summarised financial information:
Associated company
Liabilities
Equity
Assets
Revenues
Result in 
the period
Hylla Eiendom AS (100%)
5 190
7 036
12 226
5 564
3 037
Skagerrak-Holding AS (100%)
267 349
56 096
323 446
983 027
65 421
Dividends received:
Amounts in NOK thousands
2021
2020
Hylla Eiendom AS
-
            
-
             
Skagerrak-Holding AS
18 039
       
16 651
       
Total
18 039
       
16 651
       
ACCOUNTING POLICIES
An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in the 
financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control over those policies. The ownership and 
voting rights are typically between 20 percent and 50 percent. 
Investments in associates  are accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements. They are initially 
recognised at cost, which includes transaction related costs, and adjusted thereafter for changes in the Group's share of net
assets (i.e. total comprehensive income and equity adjustments (including dividends)) less any impairment charges on 
investments. The Group's proportional share of unrealised profits resulting from transactions with associates, including transfer 
of businesses, is eliminated. The Group's share of profit or loss, including impairment loss and reversal of impairment loss for
the investment is presented as a single line item in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, classified as a partof
operating profit. When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in an equity accounted investee, the recognition of 
further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has an obligation or has made payments on behalf of the 
investee. 
No write-downs have been made in 2021 or 2020.
Hylla Eiendom AS/ Snack Namsos AS
Hylla Eiendom AS was accounted for as an associate until the outstanding 50 percent was aquired at the end of April 2021 and
it became a subsidiary. Hylla Eiendom AS, has a facility at Namsos, that is leased by Synnøve Finden.
The shares in the subsidiary were sold as part of the sales of other property-owning subsidiaries in the second half of 2021. Even 
though the company was not a subsidiary for long, management has evaluated that the acquisition was not performed 
exclusively with a view to subsequent disposal. The sale has therefore not been presented as a discontinued operation and is 
presented as part of the property transaction ( see Note 2.4).
Skagerrak-Holding AS
The Group has a 27,7 percent interest in Skagerrak-Holding AS, which is a wholesale company. Skagerrak-Holding AS is a private 
entity that is not listed on any stock exchange. The Group’s interest in Skagerrak-Holding AS is accounted for using the equity 
method in the consolidated financial statements. 
51

--- Page 91 ---
7.1 Remuneration to Management and the Board of Directors
Remuneration to the Board of Directors
Remuneration paybable to the members of the Board is determined by the Annual General Meeting (AGM). Board
members have not received any remuneration for the years 2021 and 2020. Board members do not have any 
severance or share based payment agreements. 
Remuneration to executive management
Jordanes Investments AS has not had a CEO for the presented years. The Group's executive management is the same 
as the Board of Directors. Jordanes Investments AS, as a sub-group within Jordanes, has had no management 
arrangements and no expenses related to management.  
52

--- Page 92 ---
7.2 Related party transactions
Related party transactions in 2021 and balances at 
31 December 2021 (NOK thousands)
Related 
parties
Total
Non-current borrowings from related parties *
130 000
         
130 000
       
Non-current loans to related parties *
321 011
         
321 011
       
Sales to related parties (outside of Jordanes Investment Group)
7 711
             
7 711
           
Lease agreements - factories
5 100
             
5 100
           
Purchases from related parties
3 950
             
3 950
           
Interest paid to related parties
4 072
             
4 072
           
Interest received from related parties 
4 350
             
4 350
           
Related party transactions in 2020 and balances at 
31 December 2020 (NOK thousands)
Associated 
company
Total
Sales to related parties
9 679
             
9 679
           
Purchases from related parties
4 822
             
4 822
           
Related parties are major shareholders, associated companies and members of the Board of Directors and management. 
Note 6.1 provides information about the Group,s structure, including details of the subsidiaries. Note 6.3 provides 
information on the Group's associates. Note 4.6 shows the Group's shareholders and Note 7.1 provides information on 
the members of the Group's board and management. 
The following table provides the total amount of transactions that have been entered into with related parties (outside 
the Group) for the relevant financial period:
Bisca A/S sold goods to associate, Skagerrak Holding (former Baxt) AS for NOK 7.8 million in 2021 (NOK 9.7 million in 2020).
Synnøve Finden AS rented factory premises from associate, Hylla Eiendom AS for NOK 4.0 million in 2021 (NOK 4.8 million in 
2020).
In 2021, new lease arrangements were signed after the property transaction. These amounted to additional rental expenses 
(several agreements) of NOK 5.1 million after the transaction.
In August 2021, subsidiaries owning properties and factories were reorganised and/or demerged and sold to Jordanes AS, 
for a consideration of NOK 450 million, basically as an unsecured loan. As the companies were sold externally, a cash 
payment in the amount of NOK 397 million was paid through Jordanes Investments's bank and netted as part of the 
unsecured loan from the sale of properties, adjusted for cash included. The properties were sold from Jordanes to a 
company that is considered to be a related party, as Jordanes Properties holds 34 percent of the company's shares.  From 
October 2021, the Group has made lease payments in the amount of NOK 5.1 million to Snack Properties AS (see above). 
The outstanding shares of Westend Bakeries were acquired June 2020 for NOK 195 million (for further information, see 
Note 6.1) . An outstanding loan (after cash payment) is recorded as part of non-current borrowing from related parties in 
the table above.
* Non-current borrowings are presented net in the balance sheet at year-end 2021.
53

--- Page 93 ---
7.3 First time adoption of IFRS
In 2014, Jordanes Investment Holdings AS, through Jordanes Investment AS, acquired Scandza AS 
(Norway). At that time, Scandza AS was the owner of all the activities at that time that is included in the 
Jordanes Investment AS group. The Scandza AS group had activity in Norway and some activities in 
Denmark and Sweden. As it was the Norwegian holding company that was acquired, for the purpose of 
currency translation, goodwill and fair value adjustments in the acquisition of the Scandza AS group 
have been accounted for as being in NOK, and consequently no currency translation differences are 
recognised on any part of these goodwill and fair value adjustments. Subsequent to 2014, the Jordanes 
Investment AS group has made further acquisitions.
Pursuant to to IFRS 1.D16, at the date of transition to IFRS, on 1 January 2020, Jordanes Investment AS 
group (the “subsidiary”) measured all its assets and liabilities, including right-of-use assets and lease 
liabilities, at the carrying amounts that were included in the Jordanes Investment Holdings AS’s (the 
“parent”) consolidated financial statements, based on the parent’s date of transition to IFRS. There are 
no adjustments needed for consolidation procedures and for the effects of the business combination in 
which the parent acquired the subsidiary. However, an error discovered after the issue of the parent’s 
consolidated financial statements for 2020 has been adjusted for.
As Jordanes Investment AS has not previously published any consolidated financial statement, no 
reconciliations for first-time implementation of IFRS are relevant.
54

--- Page 94 ---
7.4 Events after the reporting period
ACCOUNTING POLICIES
If the Group receives information after the reporting period, but prior to the date of authorisation for issue,
about conditions that existed at the end of the reporting period, the Group will assess if the information affects
the amounts that it recognises in the Group’s consolidated financial statements. The Group will adjust the
amounts recognised in its financial statements to reflect any adjusting events after the reporting period and
update the disclosures that relate to those conditions in the light of the new information. For non-adjusting
events after the reporting period, the Group will not change the amounts recognised in its consolidated financial
statements but will disclose the nature of the non-adjusting event and an estimate of its financial effect, or a
statement that such an estimate cannot be made, if applicable.
Adjusting events
No adjusting events have occured after the reporting period
Non-adjusting events
Jordanes Investments AS has been refinanced in February 2022, through the establishment of new senior bank 
facilities totalling NOK 2.3 billion, with a 3 year maturity and options to extend for another 1 + 1 years, and a 
NOK 1.2 billion senior unsecured bond with a 4-year tenor. The initial margin for the senior bank facilities is 350-
400 bps, while the bond margin was settled at 575 bps, all facilities with 3-month NIBOR as the base rate. The 
bank facilities and the bond agreement include financial covenants normal to the business: Leverage (Net 
Debt/EBITDA) and Interest Cover (EBITDA/Net Finance Charges). Further, assets have been pledged as security 
for the bank facilities. The purpose of the refinancing process has been to replace the Jordanes Investments' 
previous senior bank facilities, which expired in March 2022, as well as to finance the repayment of a PIK loan 
held by Jordanes AS through an internal loan.
The restaurant group Dely AS with subsidiaries, which was acquired from Umoe AS by Jordanes AS in July 2021, 
has been transferred at acquisition cost from Jordanes AS to Jordanes Investments AS through a contribution-in-
kind in connection with the refinancing. Dely’s operations  have been negatively impacted by the shut down of 
restaurants in connection with the Covid-19 pandemic. The business reported, net sales of NOK 508 million and 
a profit before tax of NOK 29 million in 2021 for the period July to December, 2021. Dely had a NOK 152 million 
government guaranteed loan at 31 December 2021. Dely will be transferred to Jordanes Investments at the end 
of March 2022 as a contribution-in-kind.
The Scandza Group subsidiary Finsbråten AS has been sued in connection with a dispute related to a rental 
agreement regarding a factory at Eidsvoll that has been closed down. The claim from the landlord, in the amount
of NOK 35 million, has been rejected. Finsbråten and the Group's general councel's best judgement is that 
Finsbråten will win a possible courtcase. 
The Russian invasion in Ukraine has disturbed global supply chains that had not yet recovered from the Covid-19 
pandemic. As a consequence, sourcing and market prices of several raw materials have been negatively affected. 
To date, however, this has not had a materially adverse effect on Jordanes Investments' operations. These 
challenges are impacting all competitors in a similar way, and will probably result in increased sales prices going 
forward.       
55

--- Page 95 ---
KPMG AS 
Sørkedalsveien 6  
Postboks 7000 Majorstuen  
0306 Oslo  
Telephone +47 45 40 40 63 
Fax  
Internet www.kpmg.no 
Enterprise 935 174 627 MVA 
To the Board of Directors of Jordanes Investments AS 
Independent auditor’s report 
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Opinion 
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Jordanes Investments AS (the Group), 
which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of 
changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the years then ended, and notes to the 
consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies (collectively 
the “consolidated financial statements”).. 
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the 
financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 and its financial 
performance and its cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by EU. 
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our 
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the 
Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the 
Group as required by laws and regulations and the International Ethics Standards Board for 
Accountants’ International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International 
Independence Standards) (IESBA Code), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in 
accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director for the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director (management) are responsible for the preparation 
of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU, and for such internal control as management determines 
is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.  
In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to 
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the 
going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to 
cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

--- Page 96 ---
Jordanes Investments AS 
 
2 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements  
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that 
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that 
an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. 
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, 
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of 
these financial statements. 
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain 
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also: 
• 
identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due 
to fraud or error. We design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and 
obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The 
risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one 
resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.  
• 
obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit 
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an 
opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control. 
• 
evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of 
accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management. 
• 
conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of 
accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists 
related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to 
continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required 
to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements 
or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on 
the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or 
conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern. 
• 
evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including 
the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions 
and events in a manner that achieves a true and fair view. 
• 
obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or 
business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial 
statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group 
audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion 
We communicate with the Board of Directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and 
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control 
that we identify during our audit. 
Other matter 
These consolidated financial statements are extracted from the company’s annual report for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 in conjunction with the listing of bonds of Jordanes Investments AS on Oslo 
Børs.  
We previously reported on the Jordanes Investments AS statutory financial statements as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2021 and issued our audit report dated 30 April 2022. No audit procedures 
have been performed subsequent to that date.

--- Page 97 ---
Jordanes Investments AS 
3 
Oslo, 27 June 2022 
KPMG AS 
Ole Christian Fongaard 
State Authorised Public Accountant

--- Page 114 ---
Jordanes Investments AS, 15 July 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
39
Annex 3 Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating rate 
Bonds

--- Page 115 ---
[Annex 3] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Final Terms 
 
for 
 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oslo, [Date]

--- Page 116 ---
Jordanes Investments AS 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
2  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purpose of the conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus clauses 2 Definitions and 13.3 Definitions, these Final Terms and the attached Bond Terms. 
 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are professional investors and eligible counterparties, insert the 
following:] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only (ECPs) target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties, 
insert 
the 
following:] 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(MiFID II); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ 
and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness

--- Page 117 ---
Jordanes Investments AS 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
3  
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness 
obligations 
under 
MiFID 
II, 
as 
applicable].] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is retail 
clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Bonds are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clientsare 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – 
investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject 
to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable].] 
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Bonds described herein pursuant to the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 15 July 2022 and [the supplement[s] 
to the Base Prospectus dated [date]].  
 
The Base Prospectus dated 15 July 2022 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 ([together,] the “Base 
Prospectus”). 
 
Final Terms include a summary of each Bond Issue. 
 
These Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] are available on the 
Issuer's website https://www.jordanes.no/, or on the Issuer's visit address, Henrik Ibsens gate 60C, N-0255 Oslo, 
Norway, or their successor (s).

--- Page 118 ---
Jordanes Investments AS 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
4  
1 Summary  
The below summary has been prepared in accordance with the disclosure requirements in Article 7in the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as of 14 June 2017. 
 
Introduction and warning 
Disclosure requirement 
Disclosure 
Warning 
This summary should be read as introduction to the Base 
Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the securities should be 
based on consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole by the 
investor. The investor could lose all or part of the invested capital.  
Where a claim relating to the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is brought before a court, the plaintiff investor might, 
under the national law, have to bear the costs of translating the 
Base Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. Civil 
liability attaches only to those persons who have tabled the 
summary including any translation thereof, but only where the 
summary is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent, when read 
together with the other parts of the Base Prospectus, or where it 
does not provide, when read together with the other parts of the 
prospectus, key information in order to aid investors when 
considering whether to invest in such securities. 
Name and international securities 
identification number (‘ISIN’) of the 
securities. 
[●] 
Identity and contact details of the issuer, 
including its legal entity identifier (‘LEI’). 
Jordanes Investments AS, P.O. Box 1542 Vika, N-0117 Oslo, 
Norway 
Telephone +47 23 33 44 00 
Registration number 812 481 282 in the Norwegian Companies 
Registry 
LEI-code (legal entity identifier): 549300WF2VEJRYZOL539. 
Identity and contact details of the offeror or 
of the person asking for admission to trading 
on a regulated market. 
There is no offeror, the Base Prospectus has been produced in 
connection with listing of the securities on an Exchange. The 
Issuer is going to ask for admission to trading on a regulated 
market. 
Identity and contact details of the competent 
authority that approved the prospectus 
Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet), 
Revierstredet 3, 0151 Oslo.   
Telephone number is +47 22 93 98 00.  
E-mail: prospekter@finanstilsynet.no. 
Date of approval of the prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus was approved on 15 July 2022. 
 
Key information on the Issuer 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
Who is the issuer of the securities 
Jordanes Investments AS 
Domicile and legal form 
The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in 
Norway and organized under the laws of Norway, including the 
Private Limited Liability Companies Act. 
Principal activities 
Jordanes Investments AS operates in the consumer industry and 
owns a portfolio of diversified consumer brands through Scandza, 
the Feelgood Company, Dely and Bisca. 
Major shareholders 
 
The Company is wholly owned by Jordanes Investments Holding AS. 
 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Company.  
 
Management 
 
 
Stig Sunde, Jan Bodd and Karl Kristian Sunde constitute the executive management of the Issuer.  
 
Independent auditors 
KPMG AS (registration number 935 174 627) which has their 
registered address at Sørkedalsveien 6, N-0369 Oslo, Norway, 
P.O. Box 7000 Majorstuen, N-0306 Oslo, Norway, independent 
public accountants. 
What is the key financial information

--- Page 119 ---
Jordanes Investments AS 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
5  
regarding the issuer 
Key financial information 
 
 
Jordanes Investments AS – Data from the consolidated financial statements 
Amounts in NOK 1,000 
Quarterly Report  
Q1 2022 
Consolidated 
financial statements 
2021 
Operating profit 
68,581 
622,123 
Net interest-bearing debt (incl. IFRS 16) 
4,368,252 
2,333,761 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
-69,955 
321,843 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
-1,309,909 
67,892 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
1,439,133 
-641,276 
 
 
There is no description of any qualifications in the audit report for the Consolidated financial statements 2021. 
What are the key risk factors that are specific 
to the issuer 
1. 
Brand image – the group rely heavily on brands to attract 
customers, any adverse effect on the brand image could 
lead to reduced sale. 
  
2. 
Increased competition – the group operates in markets 
which are highly competitive where the competitors’ 
actions can influence the groups financial results.  
 
3. 
Product innovation – is a significant part of the future 
growth and the success product innovation is highly 
uncertain.  
 
4. 
Third party distribution – a large part of the portfolio is 
dependent on third party distribution; loss of distribution 
will have an adverse effect.  
 
Key information on the securities 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
What are the main features of the securities 
 
Description of the securities, including ISIN 
code. 
[●] 
Currency for the bond issue 
[●] 
Borrowing Limit and Borrowing Amount  
 [● tranche] 
[●] 
Denomination – Each Bond 
[●] 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of 
the securities. 
[●] 
Description of the rights attached to the 
securities, limitations to those rights and 
ranking of the securities. 
[●] 
Information about Issue and Maturity Date, 
interest rate, instalment and representative 
of the bondholders 
[●] 
Status of the bonds and security 
[●] 
Where will the securities be traded 
 
Indication as to whether the securities 
offered are or will be the object of an 
application for admission to trading. 
[●]  
What are the key risks that are specific to the 
securities 
 
Most material key risks 
Limited trading market – a limited market for the bond may 
negatively affect the price of the bond or the ability to trade the 
bond.

--- Page 120 ---
Jordanes Investments AS 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
6  
Key information on the admission to trading on a regulated marked 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
Under which conditions and timetable can I 
invest in this security? 
 [●] 
 
The estimate of total expenses related to the admission to 
trading, please see clause 13.4.5 in the Base Prospectus. 
 
[/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Listing fee Oslo Børs [●] 
Registration fee Oslo Børs [●] 
 
Why is the prospectus being produced 
In connection with listing of the securities on the Oslo Børs. 
Reasons for the admission to trading on a 
regulated marked and use of. 
Use of proceeds [●] 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds [●] 
 
Description of material conflicts of interest to 
the issue including conflicting interests. 
[●]

--- Page 121 ---
Jordanes Investments AS 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
7  
2 Detailed information about the security 
 
Generally: 
 
ISIN code: 
[ISIN] 
 
 
The Loan/The Bonds: 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
Borrower/Issuer: 
Jordanes Investments AS registered in the Norwegian Companies 
Registry with registration number 812 481 282. The Company’s LEI code 
is 549300WF2VEJRYZOL539. 
 
 
Group: 
Means the Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
 
Security Type: 
[Un]secured [open] bond issue with [fixed/floating] rate 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue: 
[Currency]  
[Amount borrowing limit]  
 
 
Borrowing Amount [●] tranche: 
[Currency]   
 [Amount [●] tranche]  
 
 
  
Denomination – Each bond: 
[Currency] 
[Amount denomination] - each and ranking pari 
passu among themselves 
 
 
Securities Form: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 13.1. 
 
 
Publication: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.2. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Issue price] % 
 
 
Disbursement Date/Issue Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Issue date] 
 
 
Maturity Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Maturity Date] 
 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
 
Interest Bearing from and Including: 
[Issue date 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Bearing To: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Maturity Date] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
Floating rate: [NIBOR] [3 / 6 / 12] months  
 
[description of Reference Rate] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: [Relevant Screen Page] 
 
Specified time: [specified time] 
 
Information about the past and future performance and volatility of the 
Reference Rate is available at [Relevant Screen Page / other: (specify)] 
 
Fallback provisions: [Provisions]

--- Page 122 ---
Jordanes Investments AS 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
8  
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
/ Fixed Rate: N/A] 
 
 
Margin: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
Floating Rate: [Margin] % p.a. 
 
/ Fixed Interest: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
[Bond issue with floating rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Reference Rate + Margin] % p.a. 
 
Current Interest Rate: [current interest rate] 
 
/ Bond Issue with fixed rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Interest rate] % p.a. 
 
 
 
Day Count Convention: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
/ Fixed Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction – Secondary 
Market: 
[Floating Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.1.a 
/ Fixed Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.2.a  
 
 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
 
Interest Rate Determination Date: [Interest Rate Determination Date(s)] 
each year.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate Adjustment Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A] 
 
 
Interest Payment Date: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.5.1 (FRN) / section 13.5.2 (fixed rate) 
 
Interest Payment Date: [Date(s)] each year.  
 
The first Interest Payment Date is [Date].  
 
 
#Days first term: 
[Number of interest days] days 
 
 
Yield: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Yield is [yield]  
 
 
Business Day: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Amortisation and Redemption: 
 
Redemption: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and as specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.3, 13.5.1.b and 13.5.2.b. 
 
The Maturity Date is [maturity date] 
 
 
Call Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.

--- Page 123 ---
Jordanes Investments AS 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
9  
[terms of the call option] 
 
Call Date(s): [call date(s)] 
 
Call Price(s): [call price(s)] 
 
Call Notice Period: [call notice period] 
 
Put Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the put option] 
 
Early redemption option due to a tax 
event: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the early redemption option] 
 
Voluntary redemption – equity claw-
back: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the voluntary redemption] 
 
 
 
Obligations: 
 
Issuer’s special obligations during the 
term of the Bond Issue: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.6. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Listing: 
 
Listing of the Bond Issue/Marketplace: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
 
Exchange for listing of the Bonds: [Exchange] 
 
/ The Bonds will not be applied for listing on any Exchange. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability of the securities: 
 
As specified in the Base prospectus section 13.4.10. 
 
Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities: [specify] 
 
 
Purpose/Use of proceeds: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.1. 
 
Estimated total expenses related to the offer: [specify] 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds: [specify] 
 
Use of proceeds: [specify] 
 
[Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Prospectus and Listing fees: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
 
Listing fees: [specify] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Market-making: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[A market-making agreement has been entered into between the Issuer 
and [name of market maker]] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Approvals: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.9. 
 
Date of the Board of Directors’ approval: [date]

--- Page 124 ---
Jordanes Investments AS 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
10  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.7.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with 
the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms and any other 
Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or 
formalities to be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, 
the Issuer or any other party. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Status and security: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.5.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Bondholders’ meeting/ 
Voting rights: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Availability of the Documentation: 
https://www.jordanes.no/ 
 
 
Joint Bookrunners: 
[name and contact details of Joint Bookrunners] 
 
[LEI for Joint Bookrunners] 
 
 
Global Coordinators: 
[name and contact details of Global Coordinators] 
 
[LEI for Global Coordinators] 
 
Bond Trustee: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
 
Paying Agent: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Paying Agent is [name of the Paying Agent] 
 
 
Securities Depository / CSD: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
 
Listing fees: 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including template for Final 
Terms is NOK 104,000. 
 
[Listing and other fees at the Exchange: (specify)  
 
/ No listing: N/A]

--- Page 125 ---
Jordanes Investments AS 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
11  
3 Additional information 
Advisor 
The Issuer has mandated [name of Joint Bookrunners] as Joint Bookrunners for the issuance of the Loan. The 
Joint Bookrunners have acted as advisor[s] to the Issuer in relation to the pricing of the Loan. 
 
The Joint Bookrunners will be able to hold position in the Loan.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Interests and conflicts of interest 
[The involved persons in the Issuer or offer of the Bonds have no interest, nor conflicting interests that are 
material to the Bond Issue. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Rating 
[There is no official rating of the Loan. 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
Listing of the Loan: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3] 
 
The Prospectus will be published in [country]. An application for listing at [Exchange] will be sent as soon as 
possible after the Issue Date. Each bond is negotiable. 
 
Statement from the Joint Bookrunners: 
[name of Joint Bookrunners] have assisted the Issuer in preparing the prospectus. The Joint Bookrunners have 
not verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or 
implied, is made, and the Joint Bookrunners expressively disclaim[s] any legal or financial liability as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with bonds issued by the Issuer or their distribution. The statements made in this paragraph are 
without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer. Each person receiving this prospectus acknowledges that 
such person has not relied on the Joint Bookrunners nor on any person affiliated with them in connection with its 
investigation of the accuracy of such information or its investment decision. 
 
[place], [date] 
 
 
[name of Joint Bookrunners] 
[web address of Joint Bookrunners]