--- Page 1 ---
A47697334 
PROXIMUS, SA DE DROIT PUBLIC
Koning Albert II-laan 27, B-1030 Brussels 
incorporated with limited liability in Belgium 
Enterprise number 0202.239.951, Register of Legal Entities Brussels
EUR 3,500,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
This base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) relating to the EUR 3,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme) of Proximus, SA de droit public 
(the Issuer) is valid, for the purpose of the admission to trading and listing of the Notes (as defined below) on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels, for a period of 
twelve months from the date of approval, being until 7 June 2023. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. Any Notes issued under the Programme are issued subject to the provisions 
set out herein. This does not affect any Notes issued prior to the date hereof. 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) in the Specified Denomination(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). The Notes issued under the Programme may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero 
Coupon Notes (each as defined herein) or a combination of any of the foregoing. The minimum Specified Denomination of Notes shall be EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent 
in other currencies). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding will not exceed EUR 3,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) subject to increase as described herein. A description of the restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus is set out on pages 143-145. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified on page 150 and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time 
to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a Dealer and together the Dealers). References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant 
Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus on 7 June 2022 by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (the FSMA) in its capacity as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). It contains information relating to the issue by the Issuer of Notes and 
must be read in conjunction with the documents incorporated by reference herein. The FSMA has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. This approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the 
quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in any Notes. This Base 
Prospectus has been prepared on the basis of annexes 7 and 15 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
In addition, application has been made to Euronext Brussels for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading and listing on the regulated market of 
Euronext Brussels. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Brussels. The regulated market of Euronext Brussels is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (MiFID 
II). 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable 
to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set forth in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which, with respect to 
Notes to be listed on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels, will be filed with the FSMA. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the regulated 
market of Euronext Brussels will be published on the website of the Issuer (www.proximus.com/investors/funding). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed and/or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. The relevant Final Terms in respect of the 
issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels (or on any other stock 
exchange). 
Each Tranche of Notes will be cleared through the clearing system operated by the National Bank of Belgium or any successor thereto (the Securities Settlement 
System). Such Notes will be issued in dematerialised form. 
The Issuer has been rated A1 by Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. (Moody’s) and A by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P). The Programme has been 
rated A1 by Moody’s and A by S&P. Each of Moody’s and S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended (the CRA Regulation). As such, each of Moody’s and S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. The ratings assigned 
by Moody’s and S&P are expected to be endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, respectively, which are established in the 
United Kingdom. Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by either of the rating agencies referred to above. Where a Tranche of Notes is 
rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by the relevant rating agency. A 
security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
Notes issued under the Programme will not be placed in Belgium with “consumers” (consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended. 
Notes issued under this Programme constitute unsecured debt instruments. By subscribing to the Notes, investors lend money to the Issuer who undertakes to 
pay interest (if any) and to reimburse the principal amount on the maturity date. In case of insolvency or default by the Issuer, investors may not recover all 
amounts they are entitled to and risk losing all or a part of their investment. Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks and may not 
be a suitable investment for all investors. Each prospective investor must carefully consider whether it is suitable for that investor to invest in the Notes in light 
of its knowledge and financial experience and should, if required, obtain professional advice. Prospective investors should read the Base Prospectus in its 
entirety and, in particular, the risk factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” before making an investment decision in order to fully 
understand the potential risks and rewards associated with the decision to invest in the Notes, including the risk factor “The allocation of the proceeds of Notes to 
Eligible Projects by the Issuer may not meet all present or future investor expectations (including any green or sustainable performance objective) and may not be 
aligned with future guidelines and/or regulatory or legislative criteria regarding sustainability performance or fail to continue to meet the relevant eligibility criteria, 
and any such failure to align with expectations or criteria shall not constitute an Event of Default”.
Arranger 
BNP PARIBAS 
Dealers 
ABN AMRO 
Barclays 
Belfius 
BNP PARIBAS 
BRED Banque Populaire 
Commerzbank 
HSBC 
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
KBC Bank 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 7 June 2022.
Katleen Vandeweyer
Deputy CFO

--- Page 2 ---
2
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This document constitutes, for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation, a base prospectus for 
Proximus, SA de droit public (Proximus) in respect of all Notes to be issued by Proximus under the 
Programme. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to the Issuer are to Proximus as the issuer or intended issuer of Notes 
under the Programme, and references to Group are to Proximus and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). This Base Prospectus shall be read 
and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on websites 
mentioned herein does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers have independently verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or 
liability is accepted by the Arranger or the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme. Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided 
by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or any responsibility for any acts or omissions of the Issuer, 
or any other person (other than the relevant Arranger or Dealer) in connection with the Base Prospectus or the 
issue and offering of Notes. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon 
as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. 
Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Arranger or any of the Dealers to any person to 
subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Arranger and 
the Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life 
of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. If at any 
time during the life of the Programme the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement 
to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 3 ---
3
In addition, the Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom or in connection therewith, 
are governed by and construed in accordance with Belgian law in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus 
and have been drawn up on that basis. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any legislative or 
regulatory change or reform, judicial decision or change in the interpretation of administrative practice of 
Belgium, which may occur after the date of this Base Prospectus. Any such decision or change may affect the 
enforceability of the Noteholders’ rights under the Conditions or render the exercise of such rights more 
difficult. 
Notes issued under the Sustainable Finance Framework 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger nor the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental or 
sustainability assessment by any investor of any Notes issued under the Sustainable Finance Framework of 
the Issuer or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor 
expectations or requirements regarding such “green”, “sustainability” or similar labels. None of the Arranger 
nor the Dealers are responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes issued under the Sustainable Finance 
Framework, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds. 
Any information on, or accessible through, the Issuer’s website relating to the Issuer’s Sustainable Finance 
Framework and the information in the Sustainable Finance Framework and any second party opinion or other 
report or certification with respect to the Sustainable Finance Framework is not part of, nor is it (deemed to 
be) incorporated in, this Base Prospectus and should not be relied upon in connection with making any 
investment decision with respect to the Notes. No representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose of any opinion, report or 
certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued under the 
Sustainable Finance Framework, nor is any such opinion, report or certification a recommendation by the 
Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion, 
report or certification is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors 
must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report or certification and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, report or certification for the purpose of 
any investment in the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, this is without prejudice to the responsibility of the 
Issuer for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes, as 
set out in the paragraph headed “Responsibility statement” below. 
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated “green”, 
“sustainability” or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no 
representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that such 
listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in any such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. None of the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers represents that this Base Prospectus may 
be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, 
or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless specifically 
indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or 
any of the Dealers which is intended to permit an offer to the public of any Notes or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered

--- Page 4 ---
4
or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering 
material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or 
any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of 
this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the European Economic Area 
(including Belgium), the United Kingdom and Japan (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the Securities Act) or any U.S. State securities laws and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United 
States and any other jurisdiction (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. In particular, each potential investor may wish to 
consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i)
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement;
(ii)
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio;
(iii)
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency;
(iv)
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
financial markets; and
(v)
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are 
legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
RESTRICTIONS ON MARKETING AND SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS 
PRIIPs Regulation – Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II. Consequently, the Issuer has not prepared a key information document required by Regulation (EU)

--- Page 5 ---
5
No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS Regulation – Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA) or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA 
2000) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 2000 to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, the 
Issuer has not prepared a key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to “consumers” 
(consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek 
economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE AND TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT 
For each issue of Notes, the Dealers acting as manufacturers in respect of the Notes pursuant to MiFID II will 
produce and communicate to the Issuer the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. The Final Terms in respect of such Notes will include a 
legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance”, which will outline the relevant target market assessment and 
which channels for distribution of such Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment. However, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
Nothing stated herein should be construed as limiting the protections granted to potential investors under 
mandatorily applicable investor protection rules, including any such rules included in MiFID II. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE AND TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT 
For each issue of Notes, the Dealers acting as manufacturers in respect of the Notes pursuant to Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR) will produce and 
communicate to the Issuer the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. The Final Terms in respect of such Notes will include a legend

--- Page 6 ---
6
entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance”, which will outline the relevant target market assessment and 
which channels for distribution of such Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment. However, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Nothing stated herein should be construed as limiting the protections granted to potential investors under 
mandatorily applicable investor protection rules, including any such rules included in UK MiFIR. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as 
amended, the Benchmark Regulation). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the 
applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. Not every reference rate will 
fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may 
have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks (or, if located outside the European Union, is not required to obtain 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence) as at the date of the applicable Final Terms. The registration status 
of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by 
applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(EURIBOR), which is administered by the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI). As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation.  
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
All references in this document to U.S. dollars, U.S.$, USD and $ refer to United States dollars and all 
references to £, pounds and Sterling are to pounds sterling. In addition, all references to EUR, euro and € 
refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union 
pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything 
likely to affect its import. 
Where information has been sourced from a third party, the Issuer confirms that this information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information

--- Page 7 ---
7
published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus 
which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Brussels, shall constitute a Base Prospectus supplement as required by Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
If at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Notes, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a 
replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply 
to each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may 
over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or 
persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action 
or over-allotment may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of 
the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or 
persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
8
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
2
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
9
RISK FACTORS
13
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
30
FORM OF THE NOTES
32
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
33
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
44
USE OF PROCEEDS
81
SUSTAINABLE FINANCE FRAMEWORK
82
DESCRIPTION OF PROXIMUS, SA DE DROIT PUBLIC
87
TAXATION
133
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
143
GENERAL INFORMATION
146

--- Page 9 ---
9
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following Overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that 
contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event a new prospectus will be made available which will 
describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall 
have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Proximus, SA de droit public, having its registered office at Koning Albert 
II-laan 27, B-1030 Brussels and registered with the Crossroads Bank for 
Enterprises (Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour des 
Entreprises) under number 0202.239.951 (RLE Brussels) 
Issuer’s LEI: 
549300CWRXC5EP004533 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers: 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Belfius Bank NV/SA 
BNP Paribas 
BRED Banque Populaire S.A. 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
HSBC Continental Europe 
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 
J.P. Morgan SE 
KBC Bank NV 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Certain restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
Notes with a maturity of less than one year 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of the 
issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 
of the FSMA 2000 unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent in

--- Page 10 ---
10
other currencies, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Domiciliary Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services SCA, Brussels Branch. 
The Notes will be issued pursuant to and with the benefit of a Domiciliary 
and Belgian Paying Agency Agreement dated 7 June 2022 between the 
Issuer and BNP Paribas Securities Services SCA, Brussels Branch. 
Belgian Listing Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services SCA, Brussels Branch.
Programme Size: 
Up to EUR 3,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated 
as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. The 
Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in euro or, subject to any applicable legal or 
regulatory restrictions and the requirements of the Securities Settlement 
System, any other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
Issuer or the Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which is at 
par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Form of Notes: 
Each Tranche of Notes will be cleared through the Securities Settlement 
System. Such Notes will be issued in dematerialised form. They will be 
represented by book entries in the records of the Securities Settlement 
System. The Noteholders will not be entitled to exchange the Notes into 
definitive notes in bearer form. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes will be payable on such date or dates as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) and on redemption, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
(i)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as the 
same may be amended and supplemented as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series); or
(ii)
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 11 ---
11
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms). 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed 
prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such 
Interest Payment Dates and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest other than in the case of late payment. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity, if applicable (other than 
for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default), or that such Notes 
will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon 
giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date 
or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and 
on such terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to restrictions 
on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain Restrictions – Notes 
with a maturity of less than one year” above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, save that in the case of any Notes the minimum 
Specified Denomination shall be EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). 
Negative Pledge: 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Negative Pledge” on page 46. 
Certain Conditions of the 
Notes: 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” on pages 44-80 for a description 
of certain terms and conditions applicable to all Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
Rating: 
The Programme has been rated by S&P and by Moody’s. 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Where an issue of Notes is 
rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to 
the Programme. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied 
by the Issuer for general corporate purposes (which may include, without 
limitation, (i) the refinancing of outstanding loans and other debt, (ii) the 
financing of the Issuer’s investment programmes and/or (iii) the financing 
of its funding needs that exceeds the free cash flow generated by its 
operations). 
The applicable Final Terms for each issue will specify whether the 
proceeds are for general corporate purposes or otherwise specify any 
particular identified use of proceeds. An example of such particular

--- Page 12 ---
12
identified use of proceeds may be the allocation of net proceeds from the 
Issue of a certain Tranche of Notes to the Eligible Projects Portfolio in 
accordance with the Sustainable Finance Framework of the Issuer. 
See “Use of Proceeds”. 
Governing Law and 
Jurisdiction: 
The Domiciliary Agency Agreement, the Programme Agreement and the 
Notes, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Domiciliary Agency Agreement, the Programme Agreement or the 
Notes, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Belgian 
law. 
Subject to Condition 14.2(c), the courts of Brussels, Belgium have 
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, 
interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of 
their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes (a Dispute) and accordingly 
each of the Issuer and any Noteholders, in relation to any Dispute submits 
to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Brussels, Belgium. 
Approval, Admission to 
trading and Listing: 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus on 
7 June 2022 by the FSMA in its capacity as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation. Application has also been made for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Brussels.  
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or 
further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which are neither listed nor 
admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes are 
to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges 
and/or markets. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the European Economic Area (including Belgium), the 
United Kingdom and Japan and such other restrictions as may be required 
in connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Furthermore, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or transferred 
in Belgium to consumers (consumenten/consommateurs) within the 
meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch 
recht/Code de droit économique), as amended. 
See “Subscription and Sale”. 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA is not applicable to the Notes.

--- Page 13 ---
13
RISK FACTORS 
This section sets out risk factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer and/or the Notes and are 
material for taking an informed investment decision with respect to the Notes. However, the inability of the 
Issuer to pay any amount under any Note may occur for other reasons which may not be considered material 
risks by the Issuer based on the information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to 
anticipate. 
The risk factors have been presented in a number of categories depending on their nature. In accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation, the most material risk factors in each category, in the assessment of the Issuer, 
taking into account the negative impact on the Issuer and the probability of their occurrence, have been set 
out first. 
Before making an investment decision with respect to any Notes, prospective investors should consult their 
own stockbroker, bank manager, lawyer, auditor or other financial, legal and tax advisers and carefully 
review the risks associated with an investment in the Notes and consider such an investment decision in light 
of the prospective investor’s own circumstances. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same meanings in this 
section. 
RISK FACTORS SPECIFIC TO THE ISSUER  
Risks relating to the strategy of the Issuer 
The failure to monetise fiber investments could adversely impact our profitability 
Proximus’ systems need to interact with each other over a connected information highway that can deliver 
information at high speed and without distortion. There is no doubt that in the coming years there will be a 
continuing demand for ever-increasing quantities of data at ever-increasing speeds. There is a widely held 
belief that the increased use of wireless and fiber optic technology will render copper wire obsolete. Copper 
wire currently remains an important part of Proximus' network, particularly for the “last mile” connections to 
customers. 
During the past years, Proximus has launched the deployment of an open, non-discriminatory and performant 
fiber network for residential and professional customers. This is of major importance for Proximus and while 
Proximus is confident that this strategy provides an answer to the increasing need for reliable, fast and low-
latency connectivity in Belgium (especially with the rise of remote working), it cannot be excluded that part 
of these initiatives do not achieve the expected benefits or lead to lower revenues or profitability than 
anticipated. 
Proximus is pursuing an aggressive multi-gigabit strategy, with the ambition to leverage more and more fiber 
and 5G to deliver relevant services to our customers. In this context, the relevance of copper will gradually 
decrease. In case failure or significant delay to upgrade Proximus’ legacy network infrastructure to fiber optic 
(and wireless) technology, Proximus could miss out on substantial savings in terms of power consumption, 
maintenance and replacement costs. 
Seen that copper technology has typically lower speed than cable, the larger the Fiber footprint, the better the 
business perspectives for Proximus. Therefore, Proximus will strive to deploy Fiber in 70% of Belgium by 
2028 and even beyond if economically sensible, in order to: 
•
Support current and future customer needs (connected homes, next generation videos, gaming…) 
and enable ARPU uplift;

--- Page 14 ---
14
•
Retain current market share across residential and enterprise customers;
•
Target market share win-backs, especially in Flanders;
•
Attract new wholesale market opportunities; and 
•
Simplify the operating model and get cheaper operating costs, by stopping to sell copper as soon as 
Fiber is available and ultimately phase out copper at the latest 5 years after the deployment of Fiber 
in a given area. 
The goal is to deploy Fiber in 22% of Belgium by the end of 2022. At the end of March 2022, more than 
909,000 homes and businesses already had access to Fiber. 
This long-term Fiber strategy is endorsed by the market and similarly applied in many other countries. 
However, it remains challenging to achieve monetary results in the next few years. 
Firstly, there is an operational risk related to a smooth migration of Proximus and the Other Licensed 
Operator’s (OLO) customers to Fiber, while ensuring best-in-class customer experience to avoid migration 
churn. In that matter, during the COVID-19 lock-down period of spring 2020, the application of strong social 
constraints has largely complexified and delayed customer activations (e.g. difficulty in accessing buildings 
for the installation of vertical cablings; no entry to customers’ premises). At the same time, these heavy 
restrictions have also impacted Fiber sales channels by closing Proximus shops and by stopping local 
marketing activities. There is a risk that a potential intensification of COVID-19 contamination in the future 
may lead to the same “idle period”. 
Secondly, we have observed that the Belgian telecom sector regularly announces consolidations (e.g. the 
acquisition of Base by Telenet; the recent acquisition of VOO by Orange Belgium) and partnerships (e.g. 
ongoing discussion for a Netco Fluvius/Telenet), and even the possibility to welcome a 4th operator after the 
5G spectrum auction in 2022. A potential new entrant in the low-cost segment may put pressure on market 
pricing, leading the operators to trade off between market share retention and pricing preservation. In this 
context, monetisation through price tiering would be more difficult and would require a larger differentiation 
in the offers (e.g. by including multi Gigabit services). 
A third monetisation risk may be driven by the multiplication of Fiber-to-the-home (FTTH) roll-out 
initiatives. Today, Proximus is the only player rolling out FTTH at a large scale in Belgium. Plans by 
competition and utility companies (e.g. Fluvius) to roll-out a competing FTTH network could reduce the 
profitability of Proximus investments, reduce wholesale prices in the market and impact prices that CBU and 
EBU can charge for their Fiber products. In dense city areas, it is possible to overbuild and have two fiber 
networks. But when leaving the city centers, the construction costs will rapidly increase making two Fiber 
networks economically not profitable. Therefore, Proximus has joined forces with two experienced industrial 
and financial Partners (EQT Infrastructure and Eurofiber) to accelerate and expand the Fiber rollout in less 
dense areas and as such ensuring the first mover advantage.  
Failure to timely respond to new technologies and market developments and its ability to introduce new 
competitive products or services. 
Proximus’ business model has been and continues to be impacted by (disruptive) technologies, such as SD-
WAN, 5G and over-the-top (OTT) services. Proximus’ response as a group to these new technologies and 
market developments and its ability to introduce new competitive products or services, which are meaningful 
to its customers, will be essential to the performance and profitability in the long run.  
Proximus, and the industry as a whole, is evolving towards a more personalised approach to servicing its 
customers and is also offering new services on top of the telecom offering to amplify its relevance. For 
example, for ultra-broadband, fiber-based connectivity Proximus adopts a local marketing approach, in which 
the sales forces, technical staff and local partners join forces for its fiber deployment project. Proximus also

--- Page 15 ---
15
continues to develop the capacity to support business customers in their digital transformation with its 
industry-tailored support and convergent products combining connectivity, hybrid cloud and managed 
security solutions. For example, Proximus embarked on a massive proactive migration of its enterprise 
customers to next-gen connectivity solutions. These examples are typically grounded in extensive customer 
knowledge, allowing Proximus to customise when needed.  
On the residential front, Proximus also increased its relevance by developing and expanding new local 
ecosystems, such as the partnerships with press conglomerates to develop its ePress offering, or the 
partnership with Belfius, leading to the development of Banx and Beats offering. These collaborations allow 
Proximus to develop relevant local solutions for and together with our customers, in order to provide 
competitive products and services to the Belgian market.  
Even if Proximus is successful in launching these new technologies and mitigating initiatives are effective, 
the risk remains significant, as those new technologies could generate lower revenues and/or lower 
profitability than existing/past products and services, and consequentially negatively impact Proximus’ top 
and bottom line. The risk can therefore not be fully mitigated.  
The Group’s customer experience may not be able to keep up with customers’ fast-changing customer 
experience expectations, negatively impacting the competitive position and loss of credibility when launching 
new services (customer-induced changes in competitiveness). 
Proximus targets to offer to its customers a consistent, effortless and intuitive experience across all 
interactions in all customer journeys, a high-quality stable network and easy-to-use products and services and 
the right balance between digital effortless interactions and human empathy.  
Despite these efforts, providing a superior customer experience remains a key challenge due to the fast-
evolving market and competition. Furthermore, the influence of ‘Google, Apple, Facebook and Amazon’ 
(GAFA) and OTT actors on customer expectations is challenging Proximus’ ability to proactively adapt and 
develop new digital products and services. These being considered as competitive edges through user-friendly 
digital user interfaces and end-to-end customer journeys. Side by side with the ever-present risk of a bold 
move from the competition, Proximus might miss new revenue streams and, in a worst case, lose its premium 
positioning.  
Changing dynamics in competition, including price/value positioning and potential pricing disruption factors, 
in the Belgian telecom sector may materially and adversely affect the Group (telecom competition landscape 
changes due to different behaviour of competition or emergence of new players). 
Proximus’ business is primarily focused on Belgium, a small country with a few large telecom players, with 
Proximus being the incumbent. Proximus operates in growing markets (e.g. enterprise campus networks, 
security, smart mobility and Application Programming Interface (API) platforms), maturing markets (e.g. 
smartphones), saturated markets (e.g. fixed Internet, postpaid mobile and fixed voice) and even declining 
markets (e.g. prepaid mobile and enterprise voice). 
The market is in constant evolution, with competitive dynamics at play (e.g. frequent new product launches 
and competitors entering new segments of the market) which might impact market value going forward. The 
recent sale of VOO to Orange creates a new leader in the consumer market in Wallonia, creating commercial 
convergence and network synergies. Commercial pressure in Wallonia will likely continue due to the higher 
market shares of both Proximus and Orange Group. The sale also indicates that the scenario of a potentially 
aggressive private equity fund entering the market is likely off the table. Meanwhile the B2B market 
consolidation continues and competition is intensifying, e.g. in December 2020 Cegeka joined forced with 
Citymesh to cover the connectivity layer, with Citymesh acquiring Engie’s IoT network in 2021. A number of 
new MVNOs have been entering the market in 2021, such as Youfone and OneBillGlobal.

--- Page 16 ---
16
In the coming years, the market structure could further evolve with the possible entry of a new mobile 
operator, in addition to the three existing operators and supported by favorable conditions that could be set in 
the upcoming spectrum auction. 
Sector federation Agoria estimated, in a study published in 2018, that the possible arrival of a 4th mobile 
entrant could impact the total mobile market in Belgium with a reduction of 6,000-8,000 jobs and a reduced 
sector contribution to the state of EUR 200 million – EUR 350 million. The timing of that depends on the 
execution of the spectrum auction, which started on 1 June 2022 and is ongoing as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. New entrants could potentially push prices down and put pressure on Proximus’ pricing model. 
The upcoming spectrum allocation procedures or auctions also create significant uncertainty in the market. 
Specifically, the regulator (the Belgian Institute for Postal services and Telecommunications (BIPT/IBPT)) 
has proceeded with a temporary allocation of 3.6 GHz spectrum, to be used for new 5G services. This 
procedure resulted in Cegeka obtaining a license for 5G services (prior to its acquisition of CityMesh), further 
outlining its ambitions in the B2B space. These rights will be valid until the auction of this spectrum. As part 
of the spectrum auction which started on 1 June 2022 and is ongoing as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
other parties with similar interests to Cegeka/CityMesh, with a focus on the B2B market, and especially 
“Mobile Private Network” type of solutions, could also try to obtain spectrum rights. In all cases, the 
acquisition of spectrum usage rights for telecom services by new operators could put pressure on Proximus’ 
pricing of current and new products and services. 
On the retail side, substitution of fixed line services by OTT services (e.g. by apps and social media such as 
Skype, Facebook, WhatsApp, etc.) and TV content (e.g. Netflix, Amazon Prime Video, Disney+) could put 
further pressure on revenues and margins as these OTT services continue to gain ground. 
As a result of its long-term strategy and continued network investments (e.g. Fiber, 5G, VDSL/Vectoring, and 
4G/4G+), Proximus has been consistently improving its multi-play value propositions by, among other things, 
putting more customers on the latest technologies, keeping the lead in mobile innovation, structurally 
improving customer service, partnering with content and OTT players to offer a broad portfolio of content 
(e.g. Champions League, Disney+, Netflix, etc.). This, in addition to developing an omnichannel strategy and 
improving digital customer interfaces (e.g. launch of the new Pickx+ channel and roll-out of new TV decoder 
v7 based on AndroidTV). In order to best meet the needs of its customers, Proximus launched a new 
convergent portfolio in the summer of 2020 targeted at families, Flex, which aims to provide the right 
solution in a flexible “build your own pack” approach. Through this successful launch, Proximus has 
continued to build up an advantageous and solid competitive position providing the company with other 
levers than just price, reducing the risk to churn and price disruption exposure. Nevertheless, Proximus 
constantly has to adjust to this moving market. Failure to come up with competitive offers can result in the 
loss of customers. 
The price-sensitive segment, which has continued to rise in 2021 as more consumers seek ‘no frills’ offers at a 
lower price, is successfully addressed via Proximus’ subsidiaries Scarlet and Mobile Vikings, offering 
attractively priced mobile and triple-play products. 
In the corporate large-company market, the scattered competitive landscape drives price competition, which 
may further impact revenue and margins. 
Since the drivers of these risks are mainly beyond Proximus’ control, mitigating measures are mainly targeted 
at limiting the impact. 
While Proximus is confident about its ability to compete against a possible increase of competition, the risk 
remains high overall for Proximus, with a potential impact on both Proximus’ top line and bottom line.

--- Page 17 ---
17
Failure to recruit, sustainably employ and engage a talented workforce could impact the Group’s ability to 
successfully deliver services and products to its customers.  
In today’s digital and disrupting era, knowledge workers are a competitive asset if they have the right skills 
and mindset, and remain sustainably employable and engaged. The workplace is changing faster than ever, in 
terms of job content, work environment, compositions of teams and new ways of working especially.  
Proximus could face a shortage of skilled resources in specific domains, such as cybersecurity, digital 
frontends, data science and agile IT or could face a shortage of resources that are motivated to adopt the 
changes in their workplace and new ways of working in their daily habits. This shortage could hamper the 
realisation of its ambition to become a truly customer-centric organisation and delay some of its objectives in 
innovation and digital transformation. To make this happen, Proximus needs the contribution and engagement 
of all its employees. Despite Proximus’ efforts on training programs, internal mobility, the hiring of young 
graduates, employer branding and fostering a culture of empowerment, autonomous and effective 
collaboration and sharing information, Proximus may not be effective in upskilling its workforce in line with 
future needs and to keep its employees engaged and motivated to learn and be at their best at work. The 
remaining risks also rely on Proximus’ ability to attract the required talents which could result in impairing its 
ability to deliver its promise to customers in terms of products, as well as services required to stay relevant 
versus competition. If the efforts to increase organisational flexibility and agility are not successful, it could 
lead to a reduction of Proximus’ competitiveness. 
The Ukraine situation and the COVID-19 pandemic could adversely affect Proximus’ business in the coming 
years. 
The COVID-19 pandemic still has a significant impact on the world economy in 2021 despite global 
vaccination campaigns. While the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is less for Proximus in 2021 versus 
2020, it remains sizeable with an impact on roaming revenues due to reduction in especially non-EU travel 
and an impact on the ways of working of our employees.  
A delayed return to normality might impact a share of Proximus’ customer base, especially in the SE and 
Enterprise segments. An increase in bankruptcies, decrease in revenues for a number of them, and continuing 
uncertainty regarding the “back-to-normal” timelines could impact the willingness of Proximus’ customers to 
invest, and may therefore impact its revenues, though Proximus, at this stage, does not expect any substantial 
impact on its 2022 revenues. 
Finally, it is widely reported that the situation impacts the overall morale of employees. Consequently, it 
cannot be excluded that this leads to higher absenteeism or a decrease in motivation among its employees. 
In February 2022, Russia launched a military assault on Ukraine. This conflict is contributing to further 
increases and fluctuations in the prices of energy, oil and other commodities and to volatility in financial 
markets. It significantly contributes to a higher inflation, eroding mass market consumers’ disposable income.  
The Ukraine situation and the COVID-19 pandemic combined, increase the risk for Proximus’ customers’ 
financial stability, which could lead to potential delayed payments or, in the worst case, a default. 
Shortages of raw materials/minerals used in semiconductor and batteries manufacturing already present could 
amplify supply chain risks and the procurement of network and IT equipment and services may become 
significantly more expensive.  
BICS: Longer impact of COVID-19 has accelerated the disruption of traditional communications together 
with fierce competition in all segments, while also accelerating digital transformation globally. 
The COVID-19 pandemic continues to disrupt trade and international travel, significantly impacting certain 
business lines of BICS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Proximus since February 2021. The roaming related

--- Page 18 ---
18
activities (spread over various products lines such as signaling, data roaming enablement, roaming voice and 
IoT) have suffered a material decrease in volumes. In some cases, BICS managed to limit the impact on 
revenues thanks to fixed pricing and maintained regional / cross-border traffic. 
However, thanks to its diversification strategy initiated in 2016, BICS has also enjoyed some benefit of the 
crisis. By accelerating its Cloud Communications business, enabling a number of collaboration and customer 
service use cases, BICS has been able to maintain double digit growth for this business line. 
Despite this crisis and the fierce competition in all market segments, BICS managed to maintain its position 
among the top international voice carriers and as the number one provider of signaling and roaming data 
services.  
The performance of BICS over the past years also has been strongly impacted by the new commercial 
contract with MTN, combined with the effect of COVID-19. Despite these, the underlying trend for the 
business remains resilient, demonstrating the success of BICS’ diversification strategy. However, BICS 
expects full recovery from the COVID-19 impact to take several years and for the recovery to be sporadic 
across various international markets.  
On the longer term, disruptive technologies (Voice over LTE/5G, “Over the Top” Omnichannel engagement, 
etc.) and related charging models for communications and roaming services are requiring BICS to develop 
new ways to monetise its assets to address these trends. Therefore, BICS will continue to invest in new 
growth domains, diversify its customer base, and digitise its operation to reduce costs. At the same time, 
BICS will develop new charging models and will continue to pursue organic and inorganic market 
consolidation opportunities to realise substantial cost synergies.  
BICS’ business remains important for Proximus and contributes materially to the Proximus Group’s revenues. 
TeleSign: Loss of access to or increased cost of third-party data could adversely affect TeleSign’s financial 
performance. 
TeleSign operates in a highly dynamic industry and its operating results and rates of growth could vary 
significantly in the future based upon a number of factors, including some over which TeleSign has little or no 
control. The digital identity and secure programmable communications markets are intensely competitive, and 
TeleSign expects competition to increase in the future from established competitors and new market entrants. 
If TeleSign or its third-party service providers experience a data security breach or network incident that 
allows, or is perceived to allow, unauthorised access to TeleSign’s solutions or TeleSign’s customers’ personal 
data, it could lead to negative publicity and TeleSign’s reputation, business, financial condition, and results of 
operations could be adversely affected. Additionally, it could lead to enforcement actions, litigation, 
regulatory or governmental audits, investigations, inquiries and possible significant liability, and increased 
requests by individuals regarding their personal data.  
TeleSign relies on data acquired from third parties, such as carriers and data brokers, to build its models, 
design and improve its products. If there is a substantial increase in the cost of data acquisition, TeleSign may 
not be able to pass that cost increase on to its customers. That would result in a reduced profit margin for 
TeleSign. Additionally, TeleSign has no direct control over the data quality it acquires from its suppliers 
which are needed to provide its digital identity services. If the data quality it acquires deteriorates over time, 
TeleSign’s coverage may decrease and become irrelevant for the customer. 
The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and efforts to mitigate its impact have significantly curtailed the 
movement of people, goods and services worldwide, including in the geographic areas or verticals in which 
TeleSign conducts its business operations and from which it generates its revenue.

--- Page 19 ---
19
Proximus could be influenced by the Belgian State whose interest may not always be aligned with the interests 
of Proximus’ other shareholders and the Noteholders.  
Following the Initial Public Offering (IPO) in March 2004, the Belgian State held 50% plus one of Proximus’ 
ordinary shares and voting rights. As at 31 March 2022, the Belgian State owned 53.51%. 
Accordingly, the Belgian State will continue to have the power to determine matters submitted for a vote of 
shareholders, including the ability to control the outcome of certain corporate actions such as dividend policy, 
mergers and other extraordinary transactions. The Belgian State also has the power to appoint and dismiss the 
directors, but it must comply with legal and statutory requirements such as, for example, the appointment of 
independent directors. The interests of the Belgian State in deciding these matters and the factors it considers 
in exercising its votes could be different from the interests of Proximus’ other shareholders or creditors such 
as the Noteholders. 
As an autonomous public sector enterprise, Proximus is governed by the Law of 21 March 1991 as amended 
(the 1991 Law), which differs in certain respects from the laws applicable to other Belgian commercial 
companies. 
Proximus is an autonomous public sector enterprise that has adopted the legal form of a limited liability 
company under Belgian public law and therefore is also governed by certain provisions of Belgian public and 
administrative law. The interaction between the laws applicable to all private limited liability companies and 
the specific public and administrative law provisions and principles has in the past presented and may 
continue to present difficulties of interpretation and may give rise to legal uncertainties for Proximus. 
On 16 December 2015, a new law was adopted with the purpose of modernizing the 1991 Law in order to 
create a level playing field with competing companies, by aligning corporate governance to the normal rules 
for listed companies in Belgium and by defining the framework for the government to decrease its 
participation below 50%. At this stage, this option remains unused. 
As a shareholder, the interests of the Belgian State in deciding director appointments, dividend policy, 
mergers and other matters could diverge from the interests of the Noteholders. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s operations 
Operational risks may result in negative impact on revenues, liabilities and brand reputation. 
Operational risks relate to risks arising from systems, processes, people and external events that affect the 
operation of Proximus’ businesses. It includes product life cycle and execution; product safety and 
performance; information management, data protection and cyber security; business continuity; supply chain 
and other risks, including human resources and reputation. Proximus’ operational risk measurement and 
management relies on the Advanced Measurement Approach (AMA) methodology. A dedicated ‘as-if’ 
adverse scenario risk register has been developed in order to make the stress tests relevant. 
Proximus is covered by extensive general and professional liability, property damage and business 
interruption insurance as well as a dedicated cyber security insurance program. Nevertheless, those insurance 
programs may not provide indemnification if the traditional insurance exclusions (non-accidental event) 
should apply. 
The most prominent operational risk factors are described below. 
Interruptions to Proximus’ ICT or telecom infrastructure and cyber and information security threats could 
seriously impact its revenues, liabilities and brand reputation. 
Proximus’ ICT infrastructure as well as to the telecom infrastructure that supports Proximus’ businesses

--- Page 20 ---
20
(including those provided by third-party vendors such as power suppliers) may face interruptions. 
Increased global cyber security vulnerabilities, threats and more sophisticated and targeted cyber-related 
attacks pose a risk to the security of Proximus as well as its customers’, partners’, suppliers’ and third-party 
service providers’ products, systems and networks. The confidentiality, availability and integrity of Proximus’ 
and its customers’ data are also at risk. Such interruptions and cyber or information security attacks could 
seriously impact its revenues, liabilities and brand reputation. 
Failure to comply with relevant data protection and privacy laws could adversely affect the Group. As a 
telecom operator, Proximus processes and stores a lot of personal and other sensitive data. Keeping personal 
data confidential, private, safe and secure is a top priority for Proximus. In 2021, Proximus continued 
improving its GDPR compliance. 
Despite all precautions, Proximus may face a cyber attack or data breach in the future, which may cause 
serious damage to its business and brand reputation and lead to civil liability for damages and administrative 
or criminal sanctions. 
Proximus may be sued by third parties for infringement of proprietary rights.  
The telecommunications industry and related service businesses are characterised by the existence of a large 
number of patents and trademarks. Litigation based on allegations of patent infringement or other violations 
of intellectual property rights is common. As the number of entrants into the market grows and the overlap of 
product functions increases, the possibility of an intellectual property infringement claim against Proximus 
increases. In addition, the Group may be sued for copyright or trademark infringement for purchasing and 
distributing content through various fixed line or wireless communications and other media, such as through 
its portals. 
Any such claims or lawsuits, with or without merit, could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation and 
diversion of technical and management personnel, cause product shipment delays or delays in the granting of 
patent applications or require the Group to develop non-infringing technology or to enter into royalty or 
licensing agreements. Such royalty or licensing agreements, if required, may not be available on 
commercially reasonable terms or at all. If a successful claim of product infringement were made against the 
Group or it could not develop non-infringing technology or licence the infringed or similar technology in a 
timely manner and on a cost-effective basis and commercially reasonable terms, operating revenue and net 
profit could decline. 
Risks related to jurisdiction, tax assessment and regulatory matters. 
Our policies and procedures are designed to comply with all applicable laws, accounting and reporting 
requirements, regulations and tax requirements, including those imposed by foreign countries, the EU, as well 
as applicable labour laws. 
The complexity of the legal and regulatory environment in which Proximus operates and the related cost of 
compliance are both increasing due to additional requirements. Furthermore, foreign and supranational laws 
occasionally conflict with domestic laws. Failure to comply with the various laws and regulations as well as 
changes in laws and regulations or the manner in which they are interpreted or applied, may result in damage 
to Proximus’ reputation, civil and criminal liability, fines and penalties, increased tax burden or cost of 
regulatory compliance and restatements of Proximus’ financial statements. 
Proximus is subject to significant regulation and supervision (see “Regulation” below for further details), 
which could require it to make additional expenditures or limit its flexibility, affect its financial results in 
general and otherwise adversely affect its business. 
The outcome of pending disputes involving Proximus with or before Belgian Government bodies could

--- Page 21 ---
21
adversely affect Proximus’ operating revenue and net profit. 
Proximus is a party to a number of proceedings with or before the BIPT/IBPT and the Belgian Competition 
Authority concerning regulatory and competition matters. Adverse decisions in some or all of these 
proceedings could cause Proximus’ operating revenue and net profit to decline as no or limited provisions 
have been set aside for these per the end of December 2021 (see section “Litigation” below). 
RISK FACTORS SPECIFIC TO THE NOTES
Risks relating to the terms of the Notes 
The Issuer may incur substantially more debt in the future and, in an insolvency scenario, Notes will be 
subordinated to any current or future secured indebtedness of the Issuer, taking into account the unsecured 
nature of the Notes. Notes will furthermore be structurally subordinated to any indebtedness of the Issuer’s 
subsidiaries. 
Condition 2 (Status of the Notes) provides that Notes issued under the Programme will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 (Negative pledge)) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain debts required to be 
preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of 
the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. In case of insolvency or default of the Issuer, insolvency laws may 
adversely affect a recovery by the Noteholders of amounts payable under the Notes. Pursuant to such 
insolvency laws, secured creditors of the Issuer will be paid out of the proceeds of the security they hold in 
priority to Noteholders. Furthermore, the Noteholders’ claims would be structurally subordinated to those of 
any creditors to the Issuer’s subsidiairies, as such creditors’ claims will impact the proceeds which the Issuer 
will receive from its subsidiaries. Potential investors should therefore be aware that, in such cases, they may 
not be able to recover the amounts they are entitled to and risk losing all or part of their investment. 
The below table illustrates the debt of Proximus as at 31 March 2022:  
Currency Facility Amount
Outstanding 
Amount 
Secured/unsecured 
Capital markets funding
Bonds EMTN 
EUR 
3,500M EUR
2,350M EUR
Unsecured 
Bonds YEN 
YEN 
1.5B YEN
1.5B YEN
Unsecured 
Investment Loans 
EUR 
400M EUR
400M EUR
Unsecured 
Commercial paper 
EUR 
1,000M EUR
210M EUR
Unsecured 
Credit facilities
Syndicated bank 
facilities 
EUR 
700M EUR
0 EUR
Unsecured 
Overdraft facilities 
EUR 
50M EUR
0 EUR
Unsecured

--- Page 22 ---
22
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a 
similar effective return. 
The Issuer has an optional redemption right, in its sole and full discretion, in the circumstances and subject to 
the conditions set out in Conditions 6.2 (Redemption for Tax Reasons), 6.3 (Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer (Issuer Call (other than Clean-Up Call and Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer))), 6.4 (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer (Clean-Up Call)) and 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Make-Whole 
Redemption by the Issuer)). 
The Issuer’s ability to redeem the Notes at its option may affect the market value of the Notes. In particular, 
during any period when the Issuer has the right to elect to redeem the Notes or the market anticipates that 
redemption might occur, such as when the Issuer’s cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes, the market value of the Notes generally would not be expected to rise substantially above the 
redemption price. 
In the case of an early redemption in any such circumstances, an investor would generally not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. This would then impact the return which 
an investor would receive. 
Regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks”. 
Reference Rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, such as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(EURIBOR), which can be used to determine the amounts payable under Floating Rate Notes 
(Benchmarks), have, in recent years, been the subject of political and regulatory scrutiny as to how they are 
created and operated. This has resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing Benchmarks, with further 
changes anticipated to certain of these Benchmarks. These reforms and changes may cause a Benchmark to 
perform differently than it has done in the past or to be discontinued, which could have a material adverse 
effect on any Floating Rate Notes referencing or linked to such Benchmark.  
With respect to EURIBOR, the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI), as administrator, conducted in-
depth reforms over the last few years to meet the requirements of the Benchmark Regulation, strengthening 
its governance framework and developing a hybrid methodology for EURIBOR. On 2 July 2019, EMMI was 
granted an authorisation by the FSMA under the Benchmark Regulation for the administration of EURIBOR. 
Pursuant to Condition 4.2(b) (Rate of Interest) and Condition 4.2(h) (Benchmark discontinuation), certain 
replacement provisions will apply if a Benchmark (or any component part thereof) used as a reference for the 
calculation of interest amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes were to be discontinued or otherwise 
became unavailable. Investors should note that the application of such replacement provisions may have an 
adverse impact on the return on their investment. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, Condition 4.2(b)(ii) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate 
Notes) provides that the Rate of Interest shall be determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its 
successor or replacement). In circumstances where such Original Reference Rate is discontinued, neither the 
Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement may be available. Where the Relevant Screen Page is 
not available and no successor or replacement for the Relevant Screen Page is available, the Conditions 
provide for the Rate of Interest to be determined by the Domiciliary Agent by reference to quotations from 
Reference Banks communicated to the Issuer or any third party appointed by the Issuer. Where such 
quotations are not available (as may be the case if the Reference Banks are not submitting rates for the

--- Page 23 ---
23
determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original Reference Rate 
was discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes 
from Reference Banks and the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued 
may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
If a Benchmark Event (which, amongst other events, includes the permanent discontinuation of an Original 
Reference Rate) occurs, the Issuer shall, pursuant to Condition 4.2(h) (Benchmark discontinuation) use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of 
any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest will result in Notes linked to or 
referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate 
of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by the 
Independent Adviser, the Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Conditions and/or the Domiciliary 
Agency Agreement as necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, 
without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. Please also refer to the risk factor 
entitled “The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all Noteholders” below. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Conditions also provide 
that an Adjustment Spread will be determined by the Independent Adviser and applied to such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate. The aim of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate. However, it may 
not be possible to determine or apply an Adjustment Spread, and even if an Adjustment Spread is applied, 
such Adjustment Spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to Noteholders. If no 
Adjustment Spread can be determined, the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread. The use of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an 
Adjustment Spread) will still result in Notes linked to or refencing the Original Reference Rate performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference 
Rate were to continue to apply in its current form.  
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be able to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the Conditions. 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner or the Independent Adviser 
is unable to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or where the 
Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial 
Rate of Interest. In such circumstances, the Issuer will continue to attempt to appoint an Independent Adviser 
in a timely manner before the next succeeding Interest Determination Date and/or the Independent Adviser 
will continue to attempt to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to apply to the next succeeding and 
any subsequent Interest Periods, as necessary. 
Applying the initial Rate of Interest or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event will result in Notes linked to or 
referencing the relevant Benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of

--- Page 24 ---
24
Interest) than they would do if the relevant Benchmark were to continue to apply or if a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate could be determined. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest or the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event (as applicable), will continue to apply to maturity. This will result in the Floating Rate 
Notes, in effect, becoming fixed rate Notes. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is to be determined, Condition 4.2(b)(i) (ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes) provides 
that the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall be determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate 
Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. Where the Floating Rate Option specified is an “IBOR” Floating Rate 
Option, the Rate of Interest may be determined by reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined 
on the basis of quotations from certain banks. If the relevant IBOR is permanently discontinued and the 
relevant screen rate or quotations from banks (as applicable) are not available, the operation of these 
provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of Interest that would be applicable and may adversely affect 
the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
If the Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on any Notes from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, 
as may be stated in the applicable Final Terms, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of 
the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost 
of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on 
the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating 
Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the 
rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances or the 
market anticipates that such conversion might occur, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing market 
rates. 
The allocation of the proceeds of Notes to Eligible Projects by the Issuer may not meet all present or future 
investor expectations (including any green or sustainable performance objective) and may not be aligned with 
future guidelines and/or regulatory or legislative criteria regarding sustainability performance or fail to 
continue to meet the relevant eligibility criteria, and any such failure to align with expectations or criteria 
shall not constitute an Event of Default. 
The Final Terms relating to any specific issue of Notes may specify a particular identified use of proceeds, 
including the fact that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply the proceeds from such Notes to finance, 
refinance and/or invest in Eligible Projects, such as projects in the field of renewable energy, energy 
efficiency, clean transportation, green buildings, eco-efficient and/or circular economy adapted products or 
production technologies and access to essential services or any other project falling within ICMA’s 2021 
Green Bond Principles, 2021 Social Bond Principles, 2021 Sustainability Bond Guidelines, and LMA 2021 
Green Loan Principles and 2021 Social Loan Principles, as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
In such case, the Issuer intends to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Eligible Projects in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus. Prospective investors should have regard to the 
information set out in the sections “Sustainable Finance Framework” and “Use of Proceeds” of the Base 
Prospectus regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such

--- Page 25 ---
25
information for the purpose of any investment in the Notes together with any other investigation such investor 
deems necessary.  
It is, however, possible that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Projects 
cannot be implemented in, or substantially in, the manner described in the Sustainable Finance Framework 
and the applicable Final Terms and/or in accordance with any timing schedule or at all for reasons that are 
outside the Issuer’s control or which the Issuer is not able to anticipate. It is also possible that any applied use 
of proceeds will not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or any 
environmental and/or social and/or other investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, over which the Issuer does not have control. For further information on 
the Issuer’s track record of existing green Notes issuances under the Programme and the related allocation of 
proceeds, please refer to the paragraph entitled “Information about the debt instruments of Proximus” in the 
section “Description of Proximus, SA de droit public”. 
It should also be noted that there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market 
consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what 
precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green” or “sustainable” or to receive 
such other equivalent label. The European Union is currently developing and has already adopted various 
sustainability related rules and regulations, including the Regulation (EU) No 2020/852 on the establishment 
of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Taxonomy Regulation), establishing the criteria 
for determining whether an economic activity qualifies as environmentally sustainable for the purposes of 
establishing the degree to which an investment is environmentally sustainable. The EU Taxonomy Regulation 
is still being further developed and will be further supplemented by various delegated acts. In addition, on 6 
July 2021, the European Commission proposed the adoption of a Regulation on a voluntary EU Green Bond 
Standard, which will (if applied), among other things, require EU Taxonomy alignment. In light of the 
continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green and sustainable market, 
there is a risk that any Eligible Projects will not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any future legislative or 
regulatory requirements, or any present or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to 
investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments are required to comply under its 
own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. 
Pursuant to the recommendation of the ICMA Green Bond Principles that issuers use external assurance to 
confirm their alignment with the key features of ICMA's Green Bond Principles, at the Issuer's request, on 
30 July 2021 Sustainalytics has issued a second-party opinion regarding the alignment of the Issuer’s 
Sustainable Finance Framework with ICMA’s 2021 Green Bond Principles, 2021 Social Bond Principles, 
2021 Sustainability Bond Guidelines, and LMA 2021 Green Loan Principles and 2021 Social Loan Principles 
(the Sustainalytics Opinion). The Sustainalytics Opinion does not provide an opinion on the compliance of 
the Notes with the Sustainable Finance Framework, nor the underlying assets or procedures. 
The Sustainalytics Opinion is not incorporated into and does not form part of this Base Prospectus. The 
Sustainalytics Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, 
additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. The 
Sustainalytics Opinion is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and is only current as of the 
date that the Sustainalytics Opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves 
the relevance, suitability and reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the Sustainalytics Opinion, the 
Sustainable Finance Framework or any other opinion, report or certification (whether or not solicited by the 
Issuer and subject to any (limitation of) liability statement contained in such opinion, report or certification – 
the Sustainalytics Opinion provides for example that “Sustainalytics accepts no liability for damage arising 
from the use of the information, data or opinions contained herein, in any manner whatsoever, except where 
explicitly required by law”) and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of any opinion,

--- Page 26 ---
26
report or certification for the purpose of any investment in the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, this is 
without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes, as set out in the paragraph headed “Responsibility statement”. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications (including the provider of the second party 
opinion) are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. In particular, investors should 
note that it is possible that any such opinion, report or certification will not reflect any of its present or future 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply. 
The 
Sustainalytics 
Opinion 
is 
available 
to 
investors 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
(https://www.proximus.com/dam/jcr:89eec7b5-d9f3-43ec-bb11-1ab562846b7d/proximus-sustainalytics-
second-party-opinion_en_fr_nl.pdf). 
Where any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, 
“sustainable”, “social” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), it is possible that such listing or admission does not satisfy, whether in whole or in 
part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted 
that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities 
market to another. No representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or 
any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, 
if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. Please 
also refer to the risk factor entitled “An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be 
established or may be illiquid and this could adversely affect the value at which investors could sell their 
Notes” below. 
If the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, the relevant Eligible Projects cannot be 
implemented or in case of any failure to meet expectations or guidelines as set out above, in terms of 
allocation of proceeds, (future) regulatory criteria, suitability of the Sustainalytics Opinion (or any other 
opinion, report or certification) or “green” listing, this will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes. 
If any such risk materialises, this may therefore have an adverse effect on the value of such Notes and, 
potentially, on the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Eligible Projects. It could 
furthermore result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities 
to be used for a particular purpose. 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all 
Noteholders. 
Noteholders acting by way of defined majorities as provided for in Condition 12.1 (Meetings of Noteholders) 
and Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders) to the Conditions, whether at duly convened 
meetings of the Noteholders or by way of written resolutions or electronic consents, may take decisions that 
are binding on all Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority or, as the case may be, who did not sign the 
relevant written resolution or provide their electronic consents for the passing of the relevant resolution. 
Furthermore, Condition 12.2 (Modification and Waiver) provides that the Domiciliary Agent and the Issuer 
may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to (i) any modification of the Domiciliary Agency 
Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or (ii) any modification (except as 
mentioned in Condition 12.2 (Modification and Waiver)) of the Notes or the Domiciliary Agency Agreement 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of applicable law.

--- Page 27 ---
27
Finally, pursuant to Condition 4.2(h) (Benchmark discontinuation), if a Benchmark Event occurs, certain 
changes may be made to the interest calculation and related provisions of Floating Rate Notes as well as the 
Domiciliary Agency Agreement in the circumstances and as set out in that Condition, without the requirement 
for the consent of the Noteholders. Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Regulation and reform of 
“benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing such 
“benchmarks” above. 
Accordingly, given the above there is a risk that the terms of the Notes may be modified, waived or varied in 
circumstances where a Noteholder does not agree to such modification, waiver or variation, which may 
adversely impact the rights of such Noteholder. Such decisions may for example relate to a reduction of the 
amount to be paid by the Issuer upon redemption of the Notes, which would then impact the return an investor 
may receive on its Notes. 
Risks relating to the subscription of the Notes, the listing and settlement of the Notes and the market in 
the Notes 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this could 
adversely affect the value at which investors could sell their Notes. 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list an issue of Notes on a stock exchange or regulated market. Although 
such application for listing may be made, Notes may have no established trading market when issued and one 
may never develop. If a market does develop, no assurances can be given that it will continue or that it will be 
or remain liquid. In such circumstances, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that 
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
The Issuer may also issue Notes that are not listed or traded on a stock exchange or regulated market. Such 
Notes may be traded on trading systems governed by the laws and regulations in force from time to time (e.g. 
multilateral trading systems or MTF) or in other trading systems (e.g. bilateral systems, or equivalent trading 
systems). 
If Notes are not listed or traded on any stock exchange, regulated market or trading system, the manner in 
which the price of such Notes is determined may be less transparent and pricing information for the relevant 
Notes may in general be more difficult to obtain. This can adversely affect the liquidity as well as the market 
value of such Notes. The methodologies used to determine the price of Notes which are traded outside a stock 
exchange, regulated market or trading system may also be ambiguous and adversely impact the value of 
Notes traded in such manner.

--- Page 28 ---
28
A Noteholder’s actual return on Notes may be adversely impacted by transaction costs and/or fees. 
When Notes are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including transaction fees and 
commissions) are incurred in addition to the current price of the security. These incidental costs may 
significantly reduce or even exclude the profit potential of the Notes which is initially determined to be 
received by potential investors of such Notes. For instance, credit institutions as a rule charge their clients for 
own commissions which are either fixed minimum commissions or pro rata commissions depending on the 
order value. To the extent that additional parties – domestic or foreign – are involved in the execution of an 
order, including, but not limited to, domestic dealers or brokers in foreign markets, Noteholders must take 
into account that they may also be charged for the brokerage fees, commissions and other fees and expenses 
of such parties (i.e., third party costs). 
In addition to such costs directly related to the purchase of securities (direct costs), Noteholders must also 
take into account any other costs (such as custody fees). Investors should inform themselves about any 
additional costs which they may incur in connection with the purchase, custody or sale of the Notes before 
investing in the Notes, as the incurrance of any such costs and/or fees will impact the return an investor 
receives on its Notes. 
Investors are exposed to the risks of a downgrade of any credit ratings assigned to the Issuer and/or the 
Notes. 
The Issuer has been and the Notes may be assigned a credit rating by one or more independent credit rating 
agencies, as will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. The ratings (including any unsolicited ratings) may, 
however, be revised, suspended or withdrawn by its assigning rating agency at any time. Any negative change 
in or withdrawal of a credit rating assigned to the Issuer could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes, 
including where this would lead to a negative change in or withdrawal of a credit rating assigned to such 
Notes. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes exposes the relevant investor to the risk that the price of such Fixed Rate 
Note falls as a result of changes in the current interest rate on the capital market (the Market Interest Rate). 
While the nominal rate of a security with a fixed interest rate is fixed for a specified period, the Market 
Interest Rate typically changes on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of such 
security is likely to change in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of such 
security typically falls until the yield of such security is approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate. If 
the Market Interest Rate falls, the price of a security with a fixed compensation rate typically increases until 
the yield of such security is approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate. Investors should be aware that 
movements of the Market Interest Rate can adversely affect the price of Fixed Rate Notes and can lead to 
losses for the Noteholders if they sell such Fixed Rate Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. 
The market value of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or at a premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than the prices 
for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, 
the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. This may have an impact on the ultimate return which an investor may receive on such Notes.

--- Page 29 ---
29
Risks relating to the status of the investor 
The imposition, now or in the future, of taxes or documentary duties on investors may impact the liquidity of 
the Notes and/or the investors’ effective return on the Notes. 
The statements in relation to taxation set out in this Base Prospectus are based on current law and the practice 
of the relevant authorities in force or applied at the date of this Base Prospectus. Any change in the laws or 
practices may have an adverse effect on a Noteholder, including that the liquidity of such Notes may decrease 
and/or the amounts payable to or receivable by an affected Noteholder may be less than otherwise expected 
by such Noteholder. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should also be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
other documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes 
are transferred, where the investors are resident for tax purposes and/or other jurisdictions. Any such taxes 
may adversely affect the return of a Noteholder on its investment in the Notes. For example, interest 
withholding tax can, under certain circumstances, be levied in the hands of a Noteholder who has unlawfully 
obtained the interest without withholding tax or who has unlawfully obtained a refund of the withholding tax. 
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not obliged to make 
gross-up payments and this would result in Noteholders receiving less interest than expected and could 
significantly adversely affect their return on the Notes. 
Potential investors should be aware that Condition 7 (Taxation) provides that none of the Issuer, the National 
Bank of Belgium, the Domiciliary Agent or any other person will be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay, 
and the relevant Noteholders will be liable for and/or pay, any tax, duty, charge, withholding or other payment 
whatsoever which may arise as a result of, or in connection with, the ownership, any transfer and/or any 
payment in respect of the Notes, except as provided for in Condition 7 (Taxation). In particular, potential 
investors should be aware that pursuant to Condition 7 (Taxation) the Issuer will, among others, not be 
obliged to pay any additional amounts with respect to any Note to a Noteholder who, at the time of issue of 
the Notes, was not an Eligible Investor or to a Noteholder who was such an Eligible Investor at the time of 
issue of the Notes but, for reasons within the relevant Noteholder’s control, either ceased to be an Eligible 
Investor or, at any relevant time on or after the issue of the Notes, otherwise failed to meet any other condition 
for the exemption of Belgian withholding tax pursuant to the Belgian Law of 6 August 1993 on transactions in 
certain securities or its implementing Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the deduction of withholding 
tax. The application of this Condition, and the exemptions included therein, may therefore have an impact on 
the return which an investor receives on its Notes. 
Belgian withholding tax, currently at a rate of 30%, will in principle apply to the interest on the Notes held in 
a non-exempt securities account (a Non-Exempt Account) in the Securities Settlement System. If a payment 
were to be made to a Noteholder holding the Notes in a Non-Exempt Account, neither the Issuer nor the 
Domiciliary Agent nor any other person would be obliged to pay additional amounts with respect to these 
Notes as a result of a deduction or withholding for the Belgian withholding tax. Any such taxes may adversely 
affect the return of a Noteholder on its investment in the Notes.

--- Page 30 ---
30
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been published and have been filed with the FSMA, shall 
be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a)
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Group prepared in accordance with IFRS 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, together with the related audit report thereon (the 
consolidated 
annual 
financial 
statements 
can 
be 
found 
on 
https://www.proximus-
cdn.com/dam/jcr:36d075f0-40ec-4255-a0f5-ff4ef36cf713/02-consolidated-annual-accounts-
2021_en.pdf, 
the 
related 
audit 
report 
can 
be 
found 
on 
https://www.proximus-
cdn.com/dam/jcr:3e231c40-73ae-44dc-8d5d-6f1117778098/04-report-of-the-auditor-on-the-
consolidated-accounts-2021_en.pdf. The auditor consents with the audit report being incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus;
(b)
the consolidated management report of 2021 (https://www.proximus-cdn.com/dam/jcr:f7b9f4a5-9720-
4cf2-bfd7-f2afe9be53fe/03-management-report-consolidated-accounts-2021_en.pdf);
(c)
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Group prepared in accordance with IFRS 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, together with the related audit report thereon (the 
consolidated 
annual 
financial 
statements 
can 
be 
found 
on 
https://www.proximus-
cdn.com/dam/jcr:31c34c9d-a4e6-49c3-9877-3aa49b50191f/02-Consolidated-Annual-Accounts-
2020_en.pdf, 
the 
related 
audit 
report 
can 
be 
found 
on 
https://www.proximus-
cdn.com/dam/jcr:79d74231-e677-45de-a287-fca8933d1503/04-Report-of-the-Auditor-on-the-
consolidated-accounts-2020_en.pdf). The auditor consents with the audit report being incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus; and 
(d)
the unaudited financial statements of the Group prepared in accordance with IFRS for the financial 
quarter 
ended 
31 
March 
2022 
(which 
can 
be 
found 
on 
https://www.proximus-
cdn.com/dam/jcr:5386e4e8-0c37-416a-ae40-c87c6c417454/2022_Q1_Quarterly_report_en_fr_nl.pdf). 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the FSMA in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in 
this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered 
office of the Issuer at Boulevard du Roi Albert II - Koning Albert II Laan 27, 1030 Brussels and will also be 
published on the website of Euronext Brussels (www.euronext.com) and the website of the Issuer 
(www.proximus.com). The information on the website of Euronext Brussels and on the website of the Issuer 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except to the extent that such information is explicitly 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or 
are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 31 ---
31
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes. 
Cross Reference List 
Audited IFRS consolidated financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended 
31 December 2021. 
Consolidated balance sheet 
p. 3 
Consolidated income statement 
p. 5 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
p. 7 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in equity 
p. 9 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
p. 10-107 
Auditor’s Report 
p. 1-8 
Audited IFRS consolidated financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020. 
Consolidated balance sheet 
p. 3 
Consolidated income statement 
p. 4 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
p. 6 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in equity 
p. 8 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
p. 9-87 
Auditor’s Report 
p. 1-8

--- Page 32 ---
32
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued in dematerialised form. The Noteholders will not be entitled to 
exchange the Notes into definitive notes in bearer form. No certificates representing the Notes will be issued.

--- Page 33 ---
33
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – The [[Joint Lead] Managers], each acting as a manufacturer in respect of the Notes 
pursuant to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”), have communicated the results of their 
product approval process to the Issuer. Solely for the purposes of such manufacturer’s product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as 
defined in MiFID II and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to such eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment. 
However, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – The [[Joint Lead] Managers], each acting as manufacturer in respect of the 
Notes pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 600/2014, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (as amended, “UK MiFIR”) have 
communicated the results of their product approval process to the Issuer. Solely for the purposes of 
such manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as 
defined in UK MiFIR, and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to such eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment. 
However, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II] or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, the Issuer has not prepared a key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of [the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018

--- Page 34 ---
34
(“EUWA”)][the EUWA] or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA 2000”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
2000 to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, the Issuer has not prepared a key 
information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS IN BELGIUM – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, 
in Belgium to “consumers” (consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law (Wetboek economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended. 
Final Terms dated [●] 
PROXIMUS, SA DE DROIT PUBLIC 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the EUR 3,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
base prospectus dated 7 June 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus (including any supplement 
thereto). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus (including any supplement thereto). The Base 
Prospectus and any supplement thereto has or will be published on the website of the Issuer 
(www.proximus.com/investors/funding). 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.) 
1
(a) 
Series Number: 
[        ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[        ] 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Notes become 
fungible) 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date][insert other date]][Not Applicable]

--- Page 35 ---
35
2
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[        ] 
3
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
(a) 
Series: 
[        ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[        ] 
4
Issue Price: 
[        ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[        ] 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies))
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
EUR 100,000 or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
“EUR 100,000 and integral multiples of 
EUR 100,000 in excess thereof”)
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[        ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations) 
6
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes) 
7
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/
Floating rate – Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [specify month]] 
8
Interest Basis: 
[[        ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[    ] month [EURIBOR/alternative reference rate] 
+/– [        ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
9
Redemption[/Payment] Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100/101/102/103/104/105] per 
cent. of their nominal amount 
10
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any Fixed to Floating change 
occurs or cross-refer paragraphs 13 and 14 below if 
details are included there] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 36 ---
36
11
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-Up Call] 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained]: 
[        ] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[        ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction(1): 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [30/360] [Actual/360] 
(d) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[        ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon) 
(e) 
Ratings Step-up/Step-down: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Step Up Margin: 
[[            ] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
14
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[        ] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention(2): 
[Following Business Day Convention] [Floating Rate 
Convention] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[        ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest and 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
1 
The applicable Day Count Fraction must comply with the rules from time to time of the Securities Settlement System. 
2 
The applicable Business Day Convention must comply with the rules from time to time of the Securities Settlement System.

--- Page 37 ---
37
Interest Amount is to be determined: 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate 
of Interest and Interest Amount (if not the 
Domiciliary Agent): 
[        ] 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
(i) 
Reference Rate and Relevant 
Financial Centre: 
Reference Rate: [        ] month 
[EURIBOR/alternative reference rate] 
Relevant Financial Centre: [Brussels] 
(ii) Interest Determination Date(s): 
[        ] 
(Second day on which the TARGET 2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR) 
(iii) Relevant Screen Page: 
[        ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR 
01 ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
(i) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[        ] 
(ii) Designated Maturity: 
[        ] 
(iii) Reset Date: 
[        ] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/–] [        ] per cent. per annum
(i) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum
(ii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum
(iii) Day Count Fraction(3): 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(See Condition 4 for alternatives) 
(j) 
Ratings Step-up/Step-down 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Step Up Margin: 
[[             ] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
3 
The applicable Day Count Fraction must comply with the rules from time to time of the Securities Settlement System.

--- Page 38 ---
38
15
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[        ] per cent. per annum
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[        ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16
Notice periods for Condition 6.2: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
17
Issuer Call (pursuant to Condition 6.3): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[        ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
(i) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[        ] [Not Applicable] 
(ii) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[        ] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [        ] days 
Maximum period: [        ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply)
18
Clean-Up Call (pursuant to Condition 6.4): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Call Redemption Amount: 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount/specify other] 
19
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer 
(pursuant to Condition 6.5): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Make-Whole Redemption Margin: 
[[        ] basis points / Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Reference Bond: 
[CA Selected Bond/[        ]] 
[CA Selected Bond: Belgian obligations linéaires –

--- Page 39 ---
39
lineaire obligaties (OLOs)/ CA Selected Bond: 
German Bundesobligationen/CA Selected 
Bond:[        ]/[specify non-CA Selected Bond]] 
(c) 
Quotation Time: 
[5.00 p.m. [Brussels/[        ]] time]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Reference Rate Determination Date: 
The [        ] Business Day preceding the relevant 
Make-Whole Redemption Date 
(e) 
If redeemable in part: 
(i) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[        ] [Not Applicable] 
(ii) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[        ] [Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [        ] days 
Maximum period: [        ] days 
20
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[        ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, the 
Notes will need to be Notes for which no prospectus 
is required under the Prospectus Regulation) 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [        ] days 
Maximum period: [        ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days’ notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply)
21
Final Redemption Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
22
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on an 
event of default: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this item relates to the place of payment 
and not Interest Period end dates to which item 14(c) 
relates)
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[     ] has been extracted from [     ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [     ], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 40 ---
40
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: ____________________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 41 ---
41
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Application, Listing and Admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading and 
listing on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels 
with effect from [        ].] [Application is expected to 
be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes 
to be admitted to trading and listing on the [regulated 
market of Euronext Brussels][specify relevant 
regulated market] with effect from [        ].] [Not 
Applicable.] 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[        ] 
2
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to 
be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
[insert details, including a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the rating(s) if this has previously been 
published by the relevant rating agency] 
[Each of [the rating agencies] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under the 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
CRA Regulation).] [As such, each of [the rating 
agencies] is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. [The rating [insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK.] Tranches of Notes issued 
under the Programme may be rated or unrated by 
either of the rating agencies referred to above. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.)

--- Page 42 ---
42
3
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [[Joint Lead] Managers/Dealers],][Not applicable;] so far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [[Joint 
Lead] Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4
USE OF PROCEEDS, REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT 
[(i)] Use of proceeds, reasons for the offer: 
[general corporate purposes/            (if there is any 
particular identified use of proceeds, specify this 
here)] 
(in case proceeds are to be allocated to the Eligible 
Projects Portfolio with the special purpose to 
finance, refinance and/or invest in Eligible Projects, 
in accordance with the Sustainable Finance 
Framework of the Issuer, specify these criteria 
herein.) 
[(ii)] Estimated net amount: 
[        ]  
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
5
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes Only)
Indication of yield: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[        ] per cent. per annum] 
6
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[        ] 
(ii) Common Code: 
[        ] 
(iii) CFI: 
[[        ], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN]/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) FISN: 
[[        ], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) Names and addresses of additional paying 
agent(s) (if any): 
[        ] 
(vi) Deemed delivery of clearing system 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the

--- Page 43 ---
43
notices for the purposes of Condition 11: 
clearing systems will be deemed to have been given 
on the [second] [business] day after the day on which 
it was given to the Securities Settlement System. 
(vii) [Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(EURIBOR) is provided by the European Money 
Markets Institute (EMMI). As at the date hereof, 
EMMI appears in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the Benchmark Regulation.] 
7
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) If syndicated, names of [[Joint Lead] 
Managers]: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[                 ] 
(iv) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 44 ---
44
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the Conditions) which will be applicable to each 
Note issued by Proximus, SA de droit public in dematerialised form. The relevant Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) will be applicable to each Note. Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” 
for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation 
to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Proximus, SA de droit public (the Issuer) 
pursuant to the Domiciliary Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean any Note in 
dematerialised form. 
The Notes have the benefit of a Domiciliary and Belgian Paying Agency Agreement (as amended, 
supplemented or restated from time to time, the Domiciliary Agency Agreement) dated 7 June 2022 and 
made among the Issuer and BNP Paribas Securities Services SCA, Brussels Branch as domiciliary agent (the 
Domiciliary Agent, which expression shall include any successor domiciliary agent specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and as Belgian paying agent. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
applicable to this Note and complete these Conditions. References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless 
otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) applicable to this Note. 
The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of 
Notes which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
The holders of interests in Notes issued in dematerialised form and represented by book entries in the records 
of the Securities Settlement System and credited to their accounts with a participant, subparticipant or the 
operator of the Securities Settlement System will be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer in case of 
an Event of Default of the Issuer based on statements of accounts provided by the participant, subparticipant 
or the operator of the Securities Settlement System. 
Copies of the Domiciliary Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Domiciliary Agent. Copies of the applicable Final Terms in relation to Notes to be 
listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels will be published on the websites 
of the Issuer (www.proximus.com/investors/funding) and Euronext Brussels (www.euronext.com). If this 
Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or 
more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Domiciliary Agent as to its 
holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the 
benefit of, all the provisions of the Domiciliary Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which is 
applicable to them. 
Words and expressions defined in the Domiciliary Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms 
shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless

--- Page 45 ---
45
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Domiciliary Agency Agreement 
and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in dematerialised book-entry form in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the 
denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Specified 
Denomination for each Tranche of Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The minimum 
Specified Denomination of Notes shall be EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and the Notes 
may only be settled through the Securities Settlement System in principal amounts equal to such Specified 
Denomination or integral multiples thereof. The Notes have no maximum Specified Denomination. Notes of 
one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Noteholders will not be entitled to exchange Notes into bearer Notes. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any of 
the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interests in the Notes will be represented by entries in securities accounts maintained with the Securities 
Settlement System itself or participants or sub-participants in such system approved by the Belgian Minister 
of Finance. Such participants include Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear), Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt (Clearstream), SIX SIS AG (SIX SIS), Monte Titoli S.p.A. (Euronext Securities Milan), 
Interbolsa S.A. (Euronext Securities Porto), Euroclear France S.A. (Euroclear France) and LuxCSD S.A. 
(LuxCSD). The Securities Settlement System maintains securities accounts in the name of authorised 
participants only. Noteholders, unless they are participants, will not hold Notes directly with the operator of 
the Securities Settlement System but will hold them in a securities account through a financial institution 
which is a participant in the Securities Settlement System or which holds them through another financial 
institution which is such a participant. 
The operator of the Securities Settlement System will credit the securities account of the Domiciliary Agent 
with the aggregate nominal amount of Notes. Such Domiciliary Agent will credit each subscriber which is a 
participant in the Securities Settlement System and each other subscriber which has a securities account with 
such Domiciliary Agent, with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount of Notes to which such 
participant or such securities account holders have subscribed and paid for (both acting on their own behalf or 
as agent for other subscribers). Any participant in respect of its sub-participants and its account holders and 
any sub-participant in respect of its account holders will, upon such Notes being credited as aforesaid, credit 
the securities accounts of such account holder or sub-participant, as the case may be. Each person who is for 
the time being shown in the records of a participant, a sub-participant or the operator of the Securities 
Settlement System as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate 
or other documents issued by a participant, sub-participant or the operator of Securities Settlement System as 
to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of such person shall be conclusive and binding 
for all purposes, save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Domiciliary Agent as 
the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of 
principal or interest on the Notes, which shall be paid through the Domiciliary Agent and the Securities 
Settlement System in accordance with the rules of the Securities Settlement System and the expressions 
Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. Notes will be 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the Securities Settlement 
System.

--- Page 46 ---
46
References to the Securities Settlement System shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a 
reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may 
otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Domiciliary Agent. 
2
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain debts required to be 
preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of 
the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
3
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not create or permit to exist any Security 
Interest upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertakings and assets to secure any indebtedness 
now or hereafter represented by, or in the form of, bonds, notes, debentures, commercial paper or other 
securities unless the benefit of such Security Interest shall be extended forthwith equally and rateably to the 
Notes and all amounts payable in respect thereof. For these purposes, Security Interest means a mortgage, 
lien, pledge or other security interest. 
The foregoing restriction does not apply to: 
(a)
Security Interests in existence at 1 September 2008; or
(b)
Security Interests arising by operation of law and/or created as a result of the Issuer being required to 
do so by a taxing authority which has jurisdiction over the Issuer; or
(c)
suppliers’, builders’, mechanics’, warehousemen’s, carriers’ and similar liens and any Security 
Interests created by general conditions of business or standard customer agreements of bankers and 
brokers of the Issuer; or
(d)
purchase money Security Interests resulting from purchases with payment terms or leases in the 
ordinary course of business; or
(e)
Security Interests attached to property prior to the acquisition of such property by the Issuer; or
(f)
collateralisation payments under a 1992, 2002 or 2008 ISDA Master Agreement, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or
(g)
Security Interests created by the Issuer for obligations not exceeding in the aggregate 10 per cent. of 
the consolidated total assets of the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole as shown in the latest 
audited consolidated balance sheet of the Issuer and its subsidiaries; or
(h)
Security Interests constituting an extension, renewal or replacement (or any successive extension, 
renewal or replacements) in whole or in part, of any security permitted under the foregoing clauses (a) 
to (g) inclusive, or of any indebtedness secured thereby; provided that the principal amount of 
indebtedness secured thereby shall not exceed the principal amount of indebtedness so secured at the 
time of such extension, renewal or replacement for reasons other than currency fluctuations. 
4
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes or Zero 
Coupon Notes.

--- Page 47 ---
47
4.1
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 4.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 4.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. 
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of 
Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count 
Fraction and any applicable Determination Date. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to and including the Maturity Date. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any 
such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4.1: 
(a)
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i)
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year 
assuming interest was to be payable in respect of the whole of that year; or
(ii)
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year; and
(B)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and
(b)
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; and

--- Page 48 ---
48
(c)
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period (as defined in Condition 4.2(a)) divided by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the Final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
4.2
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
This Condition 4.2 applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 4.2 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating Rate 
Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify any Specified Interest Payment Dates, any 
Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any Additional 
Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to the 
calculation of interest, the party who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the 
Domiciliary Agent, the Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates and the Day Count Fraction. 
Where ISDA Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also 
specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date. Where Screen Rate 
Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the 
applicable Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page. 
(a)
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i)
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year (each an Interest Payment Date) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or
(ii)
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In the Conditions, Interest 
Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A)
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the

--- Page 49 ---
49
provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless, in any case except in 
relation to the Maturity Date or any applicable date for early redemption of the Notes, it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls in the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or
(B)
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means a day which is: 
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in Brussels and each Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;
(b)
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) system (the TARGET2 System) is open; and
(c)
a day on which the Securities Settlement System is operating. 
(b)
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), ISDA Rate for an 
Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Domiciliary Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Domiciliary Agent were 
acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., as the same may be amended and supplemented as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;
(B)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
(C)
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 50 ---
50
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating 
Rate Option, Designated Maturity, Euro-zone and Reset Date have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
(ii)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided in this Condition 4.2, be either: 
(A)
the offered quotation; or
(B)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on 
that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Relevant Financial Centre 
time) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Domiciliary Agent. 
If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Domiciliary Agent for the purpose of determining 
the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 4.2(b)(ii)(A), 
no offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 4.2(b)(ii)(B), fewer than three 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Issuer shall request, 
or shall procure a third party to request, each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Domiciliary Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Domiciliary Agent (upon the request of the Issuer or a third party on the Issuer’s behalf) 
with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Domiciliary Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Domiciliary Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the 
Domiciliary Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to the Domiciliary Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the inter-bank

--- Page 51 ---
51
market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Domiciliary Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or 
are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Domiciliary Agent it 
is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other 
Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, 
if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii), Reference Banks means, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market selected by the Issuer or any third party appointed by the 
Issuer and in the case of a determination of a Reference Rate that is not EURIBOR, the 
principal office of four major banks in the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial 
Centre and Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR or Relevant Financial Centre time in the case of a 
determination of any other Reference Rate). 
(c)
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d)
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Domiciliary Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, and provided that, if applicable, it has been enabled to perform any 
calculations required under these Conditions through the information to be provided by the 
Issuer or any third party appointed by the Issuer, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period. 
The Domiciliary Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on 
the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes and, in each case, multiplying such sum by

--- Page 52 ---
52
the applicable Day Count Fraction. The Interest Amount shall be calculated in accordance with 
the rules of the Securities Settlement System. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4.2: 
(i)
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365);
(ii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365;
(iii)
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360;
(iv)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
1
D
2
(D
)]
1
M
2
(M
[30
)]
1
Y
2
(Y
[360







where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30;
(v)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
1
D
2
(D
)]
1
M
2
(M
[30
)]
1
Y
2
(Y
[360







where:

--- Page 53 ---
53
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30;
(vi)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
1
D
2
(D
)]
1
M
2
(M
[30
)]
1
Y
2
(Y
[360







where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e)
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Domiciliary Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the

--- Page 54 ---
54
length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Domiciliary Agent shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(f)
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Domiciliary Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice 
thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 11 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (a) the fourth Business Day thereafter or (b) the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 11. 
(g)
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4.2, by the Domiciliary Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Domiciliary Agent and all Noteholders and (in the 
absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer or the Noteholders shall attach to 
the Domiciliary Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(h)
Benchmark discontinuation 
(i)
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint 
an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4.2(h)(ii)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread (in accordance with Condition 4.2(h)(iii)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4.2(h)(iv)). 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 4.2(h) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an 
expert. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Domiciliary Agent or the Noteholders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 4.2(h). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an

--- Page 55 ---
55
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 4.2(h) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest 
Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in 
respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For 
the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 4.2(h)(i) shall apply to the relevant next 
succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.2(h)(i). 
(ii)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(a)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for 
all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 4.2(h)); or
(b)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4.2(h)). 
(iii)
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment 
Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
(iv)
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 4.2(h) and the Independent 
Adviser determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Domiciliary 
Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 4.2(h)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, 
vary these Conditions and/or the Domiciliary Agency Agreement to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Domiciliary Agent of a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer pursuant to

--- Page 56 ---
56
Condition 4.2(h)(v), the Domiciliary Agent shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to concur 
with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the 
execution of an agreement supplemental to or amending the Domiciliary Agency 
Agreement), provided that the Domiciliary Agent shall not be obliged so to concur if in 
the opinion of the Domiciliary Agent doing so would impose more onerous obligations 
upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or 
amend the protective provisions afforded to the Domiciliary Agent in these Conditions 
and/or the Domiciliary Agency Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
supplemental domiciliary agency agreement) in any way. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4.2(h)(iv), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the 
time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v)
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4.2(h) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Domiciliary Agent and, in accordance with Condition 11, 
the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of 
the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Domiciliary Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Domiciliary Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(a)
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as 
the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread and 
(iv) the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4.2(h); and
(b)
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) 
the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Domiciliary Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to 
any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the 
Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such 
certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Domiciliary Agent’s ability to rely on 
such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Domiciliary Agent and the 
Noteholders. 
(vi)
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 4.2(h)(i), (ii), (iii) and 
(iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 4.2(b)(ii) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has 
occurred. 
(vii)
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 4.2(h):

--- Page 57 ---
57
Adjustment Spread means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) 
or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(i)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in 
the case of an Alternative Rate) 
(ii)
the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for 
the Original Reference Rate; or (if Independent Adviser determines that no such 
spread is customarily applied) 
(iii)
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 4.2(h)(ii) is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the 
Notes. 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2(h)(iv). 
Benchmark Event means: 
(i)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or
(ii)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or
(iii)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently 
or indefinitely discontinued; or
(iv)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used either generally or in respect of the Notes; or
(v)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be 
deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant 
underlying market; or

--- Page 58 ---
58
(vi)
it has become unlawful for the Domiciliary Agent, the Issuer or any other party 
appointed by the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate, 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (ii) and (iii) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may 
be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (iv) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of 
the Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (v) above, on the date 
with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed 
by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying 
market and which is specified in the relevant public statement, and in each case not the 
date of the relevant public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly 
notified to the Domiciliary Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, the Domiciliary Agent 
shall have no responsibility for making such determination. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer 
under Condition 4.2(h)(i). 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(i)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or
(ii)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof. 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
4.3
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, 
payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue 
until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and

--- Page 59 ---
59
(b)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by 
the Domiciliary Agent and notice to that effect has been given in accordance with Condition 11. 
4.4
Adjustment of Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes 
If Ratings Step-up/Step-down is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
following terms relating to the Rate of Interest for the Notes shall apply: 
(a)
The Rate of Interest payable on the Notes will be subject to adjustment from time to time if a 
Rating Agency downgrades the rating ascribed to the senior unsecured debt of the Issuer below 
the Applicable Level. In this event, the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the 
Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) will be increased by the Step Up Margin for each 
Rating Notch (defined below) below the Applicable Level based on the lowest rating assigned 
by any Rating Agency. In addition, if any Rating Agency subsequently increases the rating 
ascribed to the senior unsecured debt of the Issuer, then the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) payable on the Notes will be 
decreased by the Step Up Margin for each Rating Notch upgrade based on the lowest rating 
assigned by any Rating Agency, but in no event will the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) be reduced to below the initial 
Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes) that applied at the Issue Date of the Notes. 
In this Condition: 
Applicable Level means Baa3 (in the case of Moody’s), BBB- (in the case of S&P) or 
equivalent (in the case of a Substitute Rating Agency). 
Moody’s means Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. or any other entity that is part of the 
group to which Moody’s Investors Service Inc. belongs or any successor of such entity. 
Rating Agency means either Moody’s, S&P or any other internationally recognised rating 
agency appointed by the Issuer from time to time (a Substitute Rating Agency). 
S&P means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited or any other entity that is part of the group to 
which Standard and Poor’s Rating Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. 
belongs or any successor of such entity. 
(b)
Any Rate of Interest or Margin increase or decrease will take effect from the Interest Payment 
Date following the related rating downgrade or upgrade, as the case may be. For the avoidance 
of doubt if the total number of Rating Notch downgrades and total number of Rating Notch 
upgrades within an Interest Period are equal then there will not be any adjustment to the Rate of 
Interest for that Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt the placing of a rating on 
“Creditwatch” or a similar watch list for review for a rating downgrade or upgrade shall not 
constitute a Rating Notch. 
In this Condition: 
Rating Notch means the difference between a particular rating assigned by a Rating Agency 
and its next higher or lower rating, provided that, in circumstances where a rating is assigned by 
more than one Rating Agency, an increase or, as the case may be, decrease of the rating to 
respectively the next higher or lower rating by two or more Rating Agencies during the same 
Interest Period shall constitute one rating notch only.

--- Page 60 ---
60
(c)
For as long as any of the Notes are outstanding, the Issuer shall ensure the existence of a rating 
ascribed to its senior unsecured debt from at least one Rating Agency. 
(d)
If the rating designations employed by any of Moody’s or S&P are changed from those which 
are described in this Condition 4.4, or if a rating is procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, 
the Issuer shall determine the rating designations of Moody’s or S&P or such Substitute Rating 
Agency (as appropriate) as are most equivalent to the prior rating designations of Moody’s or 
S&P and this Condition 4.4 shall be read accordingly. 
(e)
There is no limit to the number of times the Rate of Interest payable on the Notes can be 
adjusted prior to their maturity. 
(f)
In the event the Rate of Interest payable on the Notes is adjusted pursuant to any of the above 
paragraphs, the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, the Domiciliary Agent, the 
National Bank of Belgium as operator of the Securities Settlement System and Euronext 
Brussels of the new Rate of Interest payable on the Notes in accordance with Condition 11. 
(g)
Each of Moody’s and S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under the 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such, each of 
Moody’s and S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
(ESMA) 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation. 
5
PAYMENTS 
5.1
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a)
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and
(b)
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. References in these Conditions to Specified Currency will include any successor currency 
under applicable law. 
5.2
Payments 
Without prejudice to the Belgian Companies and Associations Code, payments of principal and interest 
in respect of the Notes shall be made through the Domiciliary Agent and the Securities Settlement 
System in accordance with the Domiciliary Agency Agreement and the rules of the Securities 
Settlement System.

--- Page 61 ---
61
5.3
General provisions applicable to payments 
The Domiciliary Agent shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes and 
the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Domiciliary Agent in respect of 
each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of a participant, a sub-participant or the 
operator of the Securities Settlement System as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of 
Notes must look solely to a participant, a sub-participant or the operator of the Securities Settlement 
System, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in 
respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a paying agent in the United States if: 
(a)
the Issuer has appointed paying agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such paying agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars 
at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on 
the Notes in the manner provided above when due;
(b)
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and
(c)
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
5.4
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment Day, the holder thereof 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall 
not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, 
Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is: 
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i)
Brussels;
(ii)
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms;
(b)
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 
System is open; and
(c)
a day on which the Securities Settlement System is operating. 
5.5
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable:

--- Page 62 ---
62
(a)
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7;
(b)
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes;
(c)
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes;
(d)
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;
(e)
the Call Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;
(f)
the Make-Whole Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;
(g)
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 6.7); 
and 
(h)
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7. 
6
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1
At Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.2
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
Subject to Condition 6.7, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note 
is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum 
period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Domiciliary Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 11, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a)
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result of any change in, 
or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7) or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to 
issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and
(b)
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it,  
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Domiciliary Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate 
signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the

--- Page 63 ---
63
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such 
change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 6.7 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of early redemption. 
6.3
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call (other than Clean-Up Call and Make-
Whole Redemption by the Issuer)) 
This Condition 6.3 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Issuer (other than under Condition 6.2, Condition 6.4 or Condition 6.5), such option 
being referred to as an Issuer Call. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any 
Issuer Call and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 6.3 for full information on any Issuer 
Call. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the 
Optional Redemption Amount, any minimum or maximum principal amount of Notes which can be 
redeemed and the applicable notice periods. 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms the Issuer may, subject to 
compliance with all relevant laws and regulations, having given not less than the minimum period nor 
more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 11 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem the Notes in whole or in part on any Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable 
Final Terms together with, if appropriate, interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount or not more than a Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the redemption 
may be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Notes in proportion to the aggregate 
nominal amount redeemed. 
6.4
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-Up Call) 
This Condition 6.4 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Issuer (other than under Condition 6.2, Condition 6.3 or Condition 6.5), such option 
being referred to as Clean-Up Call. 
If Clean-Up Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject 
to compliance with all relevant laws and regulations, if at any time less than 20 per cent. of the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes remain outstanding and having given not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days of notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the Clean-Up Call Date)), redeem all (but 
not some only) of the Notes on the Clean-Up Call Date at the Call Redemption Amount. 
Call Redemption Amount has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.5
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer) 
This Condition 6.5 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Issuer (other than under Condition 6.2, Condition 6.3 or Condition 6.4), such option 
being referred to as Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer.

--- Page 64 ---
64
If Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance with all relevant laws and regulations, having given not 
less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the Make-Whole Redemption Date)), redeem the Notes 
in whole or in part on any Make-Whole Redemption Date at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount(s) 
together with, if appropriate, interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Make-Whole Redemption 
Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption 
Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the redemption may be effected by reducing the nominal 
amount of all such Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed. 
In this Condition: 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount means the higher of:  
(i)
the outstanding nominal amount of the relevant Note; and
(ii)
the sum, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the present values of the remaining 
scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Notes to be redeemed (not including any 
portion of such payments of interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the 
relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis (assuming a 360-year consisting of 
twelve 30-day months) at the Reference Rate plus the Make-Whole Redemption Margin (if any) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
CA Selected Bond means a government security or securities (which, if the Specified Currency is 
euro, will be Belgian obligations linéaires – lineaire obligaties (OLOs) or German Bundesobligationen
traded in the secondary markets, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) selected by the Calculation 
Agent as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed and that 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in 
pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of such 
Notes. 
Calculation Agent means a leading investment, merchant or commercial bank appointed by the Issuer 
for the purposes of calculating the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Amount, and notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. 
Reference Bond means (A) if CA Selected Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant CA Selected Bond or (B) if CA Selected Bond is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the security specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided in each case that if the Calculation Agent 
advises the Issuer that, at the time at which the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Amount is to be 
determined, for reasons of illiquidity or otherwise, the relevant security specified is not appropriate for 
such purpose, such other central bank or government security as the Calculation Agent may, after 
consultation with the Issuer and with the advice of Reference Market Makers, determine to be 
appropriate. 
Reference Bond Price means (i) the average of five Reference Market Maker Quotations for the 
relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest of such five Reference 
Market Maker Quotations (or, if there are two highest and/or two lowest quotations, excluding just one 
of such highest quotations and/or one of such lowest quotations, as the case may be), (ii) if the 
Calculation Agent obtains fewer than five, but more than one, such Reference Market Maker

--- Page 65 ---
65
Quotations, the average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one such Reference Market Maker 
Quotation is obtained, the amount of the Reference Market Maker Quotation so obtained. 
Reference Market Maker Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Market Maker and any 
Make-Whole Redemption Date, the average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and 
asked prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) 
quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms on the Reference Rate Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Market Makers means five brokers or market makers of securities such as the Reference 
Bond selected by the Calculation Agent or such other five persons operating in the market for 
securities such as the Reference Bond as are selected by the Calculation Agent in consultation with the 
Issuer. 
Reference Rate means, with respect to any Make-Whole Redemption Date, the rate per annum equal 
to the equivalent yield to maturity of the Reference Bond, calculated using a price for the Reference 
Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such 
Make-Whole Redemption Date. The Reference Rate will be calculated on the Reference Rate 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.6
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 6.6 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Noteholder, such option being referred to as an Investor Put. The applicable Final Terms 
contains provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 6.6 for full information on any Investor Put. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will 
identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount and the applicable notice 
periods. 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 11 not less than the minimum period nor more 
than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms the Issuer will, upon the 
expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together with, if appropriate, interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must deliver, at the 
specified office of the Domiciliary Agent at any time during normal business hours of the Domiciliary 
Agent falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for 
the time being current) obtainable from the specified office of the Domiciliary Agent (a Put Notice) 
and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this 
Condition. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of the Securities 
Settlement System given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 6.6 shall be irrevocable 
except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, 
in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this Condition 6.6 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 9.

--- Page 66 ---
66
6.7
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6.2 above and Condition 9, each Note will be redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a)
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof;
(b)
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount which 
is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price, at the amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the Final Terms, at its nominal amount; 
or 
(c)
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price;
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and
y is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator 
will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number 
of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 
365). 
6.8
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary (as defined below) may at any time purchase Notes at any price in the 
open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer or 
the relevant Subsidiary, surrendered to the Domiciliary Agent for cancellation. 
Subsidiary means any company of which Proximus has control and control for the purpose hereof 
means either (a) the beneficial ownership, whether direct or indirect, of the majority of the issued share 
capital of such company, or (b) the right to direct the management and policies, whether by the 
ownership of share capital, contract or otherwise of such company. 
6.9
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled. All Notes so cancelled and the Notes 
purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6.8 above cannot be reissued or resold.

--- Page 67 ---
67
6.10
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 6.1, Condition 6.2, Condition 6.3 or Condition 6.6 above or upon its 
becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount 
due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in 
Condition 6.7(c) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date 
upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date 
which is the earlier of: 
(i)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and
(ii)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the Domiciliary Agent and notice to that effect has been 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. 
7
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes will be made free 
and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature (Taxes) imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless, in any such case, such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that 
the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the 
Notes, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable with respect to any Note: 
(a)
the holder (or a third party on behalf of the holder) of which is liable for such Taxes in respect of such 
Note by reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of 
such Note;
(b)
presented for payment, if applicable, more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day 
(as defined in Condition 5.4);
(c)
held by, or by a third party on behalf of, a holder who would not be liable or subject to the withholding 
or deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to the 
relevant tax authority (provided that the exemption from Belgian withholding tax under the law of 
6 August 1993 relating to certain securities is unavailable for reasons outside the Issuer’s control); or 
(d)
held by or on behalf of a holder who, at any relevant time on or after the issue of the Notes, was not an 
Eligible Investor (as defined below) or by or on behalf of a holder who was such an Eligible Investor 
at any relevant time on or after the issue of the Notes but, for reasons within such holder’s control, 
ceased to be an Eligible Investor or otherwise failed to meet any other condition for exemption from 
Belgian withholding tax pursuant to the law of 6 August 1993 relating to certain securities or its 
implementing Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the deduction of withholding tax. 
As used herein: 
(i)
Tax Jurisdiction means Belgium and the jurisdiction in which the Domiciliary Agent acts or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax;

--- Page 68 ---
68
(ii)
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Domiciliary Agent on or prior to such 
due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice 
to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11; and
(iii)
Eligible Investor means those entities which are referred to in Article 4 of the Royal Decree dated 
26 May 1994 on the deduction of withholding tax and which hold the Notes in an exempt account in 
the Securities Settlement System (an Exempt Account). 
8
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of 
principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) therefor. 
9
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur: 
(a)
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due in respect 
of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of 5 days in the case of principal and 
10 days in the case of interest; or 
(b)
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Conditions and the failure 
continues for the period of 30 days next following the service by a Noteholder on the Issuer of notice 
requiring the same to be remedied; or
(c)
if any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer becomes due and repayable prematurely by 
reason of an event of default (however described) or the Issuer fails to make any payment in respect of 
any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due date for payment as extended by any applicable 
grace period or any security given by the Issuer for any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money becomes 
enforceable or if default is made by the Issuer in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or 
indemnity given by it in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other person, 
provided that no such event shall constitute an Event of Default unless the relative Indebtedness for 
Borrowed Money either alone or when aggregated with other Indebtedness for Borrowed Money 
relative to all (if any) other such events which shall have occurred and remain outstanding shall 
amount to at least U.S.$30,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) and provided further that, 
for the purposes of this Condition 9(c), the Issuer shall not be deemed to be in default with respect to 
such indebtedness, guarantee or indemnity if either (A) it shall be contesting in good faith by 
appropriate means its liability to make payment thereunder and has been advised by independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing that it is reasonable for it to do so or (B) the default is solely as a result 
of the Belgian state ceasing to own more than 50 per cent. of the issued share capital of the Issuer; or
(d)
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or dissolution of 
the Issuer, save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution 
(as defined in Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders) to these Conditions) of the 
Noteholders; or
(e)
if (A) the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or substantial part of its business, 
save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders, or the Issuer stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, 
pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to 
or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or (B) the

--- Page 69 ---
69
Issuer applies for a deferral of payments (uitstel van betaling/sursis de paiement), judicial 
reorganisation (gerechtelijke reorganisatie/réorganisation judiciaire), bankruptcy (faillissement/ 
faillite); or (C) any similar procedure as described in (A) or (B) above inclusive shall be initiated in 
respect of the Issuer; or
(f)
if (A) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or under any applicable liquidation 
(vereffening/liquidation), 
insolvency 
(insolventie/insolvabilité), 
reorganisation 
(reorganisatie/ 
réorganisation) or other similar laws, or an application is made for the appointment of an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an administrative 
or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer 
or, as the case may be, in relation to the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of the 
Issuer or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or 
assets of the Issuer or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, 
enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or 
assets of the Issuer and (B) in any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not 
discharged within 30 days; or if the Issuer initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself 
under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws or 
makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other 
arrangement with, its creditors generally or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an 
arrangement or composition with its creditors generally, 
then any Noteholder may while any such Event of Default is continuing, by written notice to the Issuer at the 
specified office of the Domiciliary Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Domiciliary Agent, 
declare the Note held by the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become 
forthwith due and payable at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6.6), together with 
accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any 
kind. 
For the purposes of this Condition, Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means any present or future 
indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of (i) money 
borrowed, (ii) liabilities under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit or (iii) any notes, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities offered, issued or distributed whether by way of 
public offer, private placing, acquisition consideration or otherwise and whether issued for cash or in whole or 
in part for a consideration other than cash. 
10
DOMICILIARY AGENT 
The name of the Domiciliary Agent and its initial specified office is set out below. If any additional paying 
agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such paying agents will be specified in Part 
B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of the Domiciliary Agent and/or approve any 
change in the specified office through which the Domiciliary Agent acts, provided that at all times there will 
be a Domiciliary Agent and the Domiciliary Agent will at all times be a participant in the Securities 
Settlement System. 
In acting under the Domiciliary Agency Agreement, such agent acts solely as the agent of the Issuer and does 
not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders. The Domiciliary 
Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any agent is merged or converted or 
with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the

--- Page 70 ---
70
successor paying agent. Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in the Domiciliary Agent 
will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 11. 
11
NOTICES 
11.1
Notices to the Noteholders 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if (i) published on the website of the Issuer, (ii) published 
through the usual newswires agency (or any of the usual newswires agencies) used by the Issuer to 
discharge its ongoing information duties pursuant to the Royal Decree of 14 November 2007 and 
(iii) delivered to the National Bank of Belgium for communication to the Noteholders via participants 
in the Securities Settlement System. The Issuer shall also ensure that all notices are duly published in a 
manner which complies with applicable law and the rules and regulations of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are listed for the time being. Any notice shall be deemed to have been given on the 
date of the first publication. 
11.2
Notices by the Noteholders 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together with 
the relative Note or Notes, with the Domiciliary Agent. 
12
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
12.1
Meetings of Noteholders 
Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders) of these Conditions contains provisions for 
convening meetings of Noteholders (the Noteholders’ Provisions) to consider matters affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of any of the 
Conditions applicable to a Series. For the avoidance of doubt, any such modification shall always be 
subject to the consent of the Issuer. An Extraordinary Resolution means a resolution passed at a 
meeting of Noteholders of a Series duly convened and held in accordance with these Conditions by a 
majority of at least 75 per cent. of the votes cast of the Noteholders of the relevant Series (or relevant 
majority on any adjourned meeting).
All meetings of holders of a Series of Notes will be held in accordance with the Noteholders’ 
Provisions. Such a meeting may be convened by the board of directors of the Issuer or its auditors and 
shall be convened by the Issuer upon the request in writing of Noteholders of a Series holding not less 
than one fifth of the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding Notes of that Series. A meeting of 
Noteholders will be entitled (subject to the consent of the Issuer) to modify or waive any provision of 
the Conditions applicable to that Series (including any proposal (i) to modify the maturity of that 
Series or the dates on which interest is payable in respect of that Series, (ii) to reduce or cancel the 
nominal amount of, or interest on, that Series, (iii) to change the currency of payment of that Series or 
(iv) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required) in accordance with the quorum and 
majority requirements set out in the Noteholders’ Provisions.
Resolutions duly passed by a meeting of Noteholders of a Series in accordance with the Noteholders’ 
Provisions shall be binding on all Noteholders of that Series, whether or not they are present at the 
meeting and whether or not they vote in favour of such a resolution.

--- Page 71 ---
71
Convening notices for meetings of Noteholders of a Series shall be made in accordance with the 
Noteholders’ Provisions. Convening notices shall also be made in accordance with Condition 11 
(Notices).
The Noteholders’ Provisions provide that, if authorised by the Issuer and to the extent permitted by 
Belgian law, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of holders of Notes of a Series of not less 
than 75 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of that Series (or relevant majorities as 
specified in the Noteholders’ Provisions) shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of holders of Notes of that Series duly convened and 
held, provided that the terms of the proposed resolution shall have been notified in advance to the 
Noteholders of that Series through the relevant settlement system(s). Such a resolution in writing may 
be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of 
one or more holders of Notes of that Series. 
12.2
Modification and Waiver 
Without prejudice to Condition 4.2(h), the Domiciliary Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders to: 
(i)
any modification of the Domiciliary Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders; or
(ii)
any modification (except as mentioned herein) of the Notes or the Domiciliary Agency 
Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error 
or to comply with mandatory provisions of applicable law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and any such modification shall be notified 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
13
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders to create and issue 
further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the 
amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
14
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
14.1
Governing law 
The Domiciliary Agency Agreement, the Programme Agreement and the Notes, and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Domiciliary Agency Agreement, the 
Programme Agreement or the Notes, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Belgian law. 
14.2
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a)
Subject to Condition 14.2(c) below, the courts of Brussels, Belgium have exclusive jurisdiction 
to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes, including any dispute as to 
their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences 
of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes (a Dispute) and accordingly each of the Issuer and any Noteholders,

--- Page 72 ---
72
in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Brussels, 
Belgium. 
(b)
For the purposes of this Condition 14.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the courts of 
Brussels, Belgium on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle 
any Dispute.  
(c)
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take 
(i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any 
number of jurisdictions.

--- Page 73 ---
73
SCHEDULE 1 
PROVISIONS ON MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS 
Interpretation
1.
In this Schedule: 
1.1
references to a “meeting” are to a meeting of Noteholders of a single Series of Notes and include, unless 
the context otherwise requires, any adjournment; 
1.2
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of the Series and in respect of which a 
meeting has been, or is to be, called and to the holders of those Notes, respectively; 
1.3
“agent” means a holder of a Voting Certificate or a proxy for, or representative of, a Noteholder; 
1.4
“Block Voting Instruction” means a document issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the Securities 
Settlement System in accordance with paragraph 9; 
1.5
“Electronic Consent” has the meaning set out in paragraph 31; 
1.6
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed (a) at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened 
and held in accordance with this Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders) by a majority of at 
least 75 per cent. of the votes cast or (b) by a Written Resolution or (c) by an Electronic Consent; 
1.7
“Ordinary Resolution” means a resolution with regard to any of the matters listed in paragraph 4 and 
passed or proposed to be passed by a majority of at least 50 per cent. of the votes cast; 
1.8
“Recognised Accountholder” means an entity recognised as account holder in accordance with the 
Belgian companies and associations code of 23 March 2019 (as amended) with whom a Noteholder holds 
Notes; 
1.9
“Securities Settlement System” means the securities settlement system operated by the NBB or any 
successor thereto; 
1.10
“Voting Certificate” means a certificate issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the Securities 
Settlement System in accordance with paragraph 8; 
1.11
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in 
principal amount of the Notes outstanding; and  
1.12
references to persons representing a proportion of the Notes are to Noteholders, proxies or representatives 
of such Noteholders holding or representing in the aggregate at least that proportion in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
General 
2.
All meetings of Noteholders will be held in accordance with the provisions set out in this Schedule. 
Powers of meetings 
3.
A meeting shall, subject to the Conditions and (except in the case of sub-paragraph 3.5) only with the 
consent of the Issuer and without prejudice to any powers conferred on other persons by this Schedule, 
have power by Extraordinary Resolution:

--- Page 74 ---
74
3.1
to sanction any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise 
of, or arrangement in respect of, the rights of the Noteholders against the Issuer (other than in 
accordance with the Conditions or pursuant to applicable law); 
3.2
to assent to any modification of this Schedule or the Notes proposed by the Issuer or the 
Domiciliary Agent; 
3.3
to authorise anyone to concur in and do anything necessary to carry out and give effect to an 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
3.4
to give any authority, direction or sanction required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution; 
3.5
to appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) as a committee or committees to represent the 
Noteholders’ interests and to confer on them any powers (or discretions which the Noteholders 
could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; 
3.6
to approve the substitution of any entity for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as principal 
debtor under the Notes in circumstances not provided for in the Conditions or in applicable law; 
and 
3.7
to accept any security interests established in favour of the Noteholders or a modification to the 
nature or scope of any existing security interest or a modification to the release mechanics of any 
existing security interests. 
provided that the special quorum provisions in paragraph 18 shall apply to any Extraordinary Resolution 
(a “special quorum resolution”) for the purpose of sub-paragraph 3.6 or for the purpose of making a 
modification to this Schedule or the Notes which would have the effect of (other than in accordance with 
the Conditions or pursuant to applicable law): 
(i)
to assent to an extension of an interest period, a reduction of the applicable interest rate 
or a modification of the conditions applicable to the payment of interest; 
(ii)
to assent to a reduction of the nominal amount of the Notes or a modification of the 
conditions under which any redemption, substitution or variation may be made; 
(iii)
to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or 
the date for any such payment; 
(iv)
to change the currency of payment of the Notes; 
(v)
to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders 
or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(vi)
to amend this proviso. 
Ordinary Resolution 
4.
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing and without prejudice to any powers otherwise conferred on other 
persons by this Schedule, a meeting of Noteholders shall have power by Ordinary Resolution: 
4.1
to assent to any decision to take any conservatory measures in the general interest of the 
Noteholders; or

--- Page 75 ---
75
4.2
to assent to the appointment of any representative to implement any Ordinary Resolution. 
5.
No amendment to this Schedule or the Notes which in the opinion of the Issuer relates to any of the 
matters listed in paragraph 4 above shall be effective unless approved at a meeting of Noteholders 
complying in all respect with the requirements of Belgian law, the provisions set out in this Schedule and 
the articles of association of the Issuer. 
Convening a meeting 
6.
The Issuer may at any time convene a meeting. A meeting shall be convened by the Issuer upon the 
request in writing of Noteholders holding at least 20 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding. Every meeting shall be held at a time and place approved by the Domiciliary 
Agent. 
7.
Convening notices for meetings of Noteholders shall be given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 11 (Notices) not less than fifteen days prior to the relevant meeting. The notice shall specify the 
day, time and place of the meeting and the nature of the resolutions to be proposed and shall explain how 
Noteholders may appoint proxies or representatives obtain Voting Certificates and use Block Voting 
Instructions and the details of the time limits applicable. 
Arrangements for voting 
8.
A Voting Certificate shall: 
8.1
be issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System; 
8.2
state that on the date thereof (i) the Notes (not being Notes in respect of which a Block Voting 
Instruction has been issued which is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such Voting 
Certificate and any such adjourned meeting) of a specified principal amount outstanding were (to 
the satisfaction of such Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System) held to its 
order or under its control and blocked by it and (ii) that no such Notes will cease to be so held and 
blocked until the first to occur of: 
(i)
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such certificate or, if applicable, any such 
adjourned meeting; and 
(ii)
the surrender of the Voting Certificate to the Recognised Accountholder or the 
Securities Settlement System who issued the same; and 
8.3
further state that until the release of the Notes represented thereby the bearer of such certificate is 
entitled to attend and vote at such meeting and any such adjourned meeting in respect of the Notes 
represented by such certificate. 
9.
A Block Voting Instruction shall: 
9.1
be issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System; 
9.2
certify that the Notes (not being Notes in respect of which a Voting Certificate has been issued and 
is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such Block Voting Instruction and any such 
adjourned meeting) of a specified principal amount outstanding were (to the satisfaction of such 
Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System) held to its order or under its

--- Page 76 ---
76
control and blocked by it and that no such Notes will cease to be so held and blocked until the first 
to occur of: 
(i)
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such document or, if applicable, any such 
adjourned meeting; and 
(ii)
the giving of notice by the Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement 
System to the Issuer, stating that certain of such Notes cease to be held with it or under 
its control and blocked and setting out the necessary amendment to the Block Voting 
Instruction; 
9.3
certify that each holder of such Notes has instructed such Recognised Accountholder or the 
Securities Settlement System that the vote(s) attributable to the Note or Notes so held and blocked 
should be cast in a particular way in relation to the resolution or resolutions which will be put to 
such meeting or any such adjourned meeting and that all such instructions cannot be revoked or 
amended during the period commencing three (3) Business Days prior to the time for which such 
meeting or any such adjourned meeting is convened and ending at the conclusion or adjournment 
thereof; 
9.4
state the principal amount of the Notes so held and blocked, distinguishing with regard to each 
resolution between (i) those in respect of which instructions have been given as aforesaid that the 
votes attributable thereto should be cast in favour of the resolution, (ii) those in respect of which 
instructions have been so given that the votes attributable thereto should be cast against the 
resolution and (iii) those in respect of which instructions have been so given to abstain from voting; 
and 
9.5
naming one or more persons (each hereinafter called a “proxy”) as being authorised and instructed 
to cast the votes attributable to the Notes so listed in accordance with the instructions referred to in 
9.4 above as set out in such document.  
10.
If a holder of Notes wishes the votes attributable to it to be included in a Block Voting Instruction for a 
meeting, he must block such Notes for that purpose at least three (3) Business Days before the time fixed 
for the meeting to the order of the Domiciliary Agent with a bank or other depositary nominated by the 
Domiciliary Agent for the purpose. The Domiciliary Agent shall then issue a Block Voting Instruction in 
respect of the votes attributable to all Notes so blocked. 
11.
No votes shall be validly cast at a meeting unless in accordance with a Voting Certificate or Block Voting 
Instruction. 
12.
The proxy appointed for purposes of the Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate does not need to 
be a Noteholder. 
13.
Votes can only be validly cast in accordance with Voting Certificates and Block Voting Instructions in 
respect of Notes held to the order or under the control and blocked by a Recognised Accountholder or the 
Securities Settlement System and which have been deposited at the registered office at the Issuer not less 
than three (3) and not more than six (6) Business Days before the time for which the meeting to which the 
relevant voting instructions and Block Voting Instructions relate, has been convened or called. The Voting 
Certificate and Block Voting Instructions shall be valid for as long as the relevant Notes continue to be so 
held and blocked. During the validity thereof, the holder of any such Voting Certificate or (as the case 
may be) the proxies named in any such Block Voting Instruction shall, for all purposes in connection with 
the relevant meeting, be deemed to be the holder of the Notes to which such Voting Certificate or Block 
Voting Instruction relates.

--- Page 77 ---
77
14.
In default of a deposit, the Block Voting Instruction or the Voting Certificate shall not be treated as valid, 
unless the chairman of the meeting decides otherwise before the meeting or adjourned meeting proceeds 
to business. 
Chairman 
15.
The chairman of a meeting shall be such person as the Issuer may nominate in writing, but if no such 
nomination is made or if the person nominated is not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed for the 
meeting the Noteholders or agents present shall choose one of their number to be chairman, failing which 
the Issuer may appoint a chairman. The chairman need not be a Noteholder or agent. The chairman of an 
adjourned meeting need not be the same person as the chairman of the original meeting. 
Attendance 
16.
The following may attend and speak at a meeting: 
16.1
Noteholders and their agents; 
16.2
the chairman and the secretary of the meeting; 
16.3
the Issuer and the Domiciliary Agent (through their respective representatives) and their respective 
financial and legal advisers. 
No one else may attend or speak. 
Quorum and Adjournment 
17.
No business (except choosing a chairman) shall be transacted at a meeting unless a quorum is present at 
the commencement of business. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time initially fixed 
for the meeting, it shall, if convened on the requisition of Noteholders, be dissolved. In any other case it 
shall be adjourned until such date, not less than 14 nor more than 42 days later, and time and place as the 
chairman may decide. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time fixed for a meeting so 
adjourned, the meeting shall be dissolved. 
18.
One or more Noteholders or agents present in person shall be a quorum: 
18.1
in the cases marked “No minimum proportion” in the table below, whatever the proportion of the 
Notes which they represent 
18.2
in any other case, only if they represent the proportion of the Notes shown by the table below. 
Purpose of meeting 
Any meeting except for a 
meeting previously adjourned 
through want of a quorum 
Meeting previously adjourned 
through want of a quorum 
Required proportion 
Required proportion 
To pass a special quorum resolution 
75 per cent. 
25 per cent. 
To pass any Extraordinary Resolution 
A clear majority 
No minimum proportion

--- Page 78 ---
78
To pass an Ordinary Resolution 
A clear majority 
No minimum proportion 
19.
The chairman may with the consent of (and shall if directed by) a meeting adjourn the meeting from time 
to time and from place to place. Only business which could have been transacted at the original meeting 
may be transacted at a meeting adjourned in accordance with this paragraph or paragraph 17. 
20.
At least ten days’ notice of a meeting adjourned due to the quorum not being present shall be given in the 
same manner as for an original meeting and that notice shall state the quorum required at the adjourned 
meeting. Subject as aforesaid, it shall not be necessary to give any other notice of an adjourned general 
meeting. 
Voting 
21.
Each question submitted to a meeting shall be decided by a show of hands, unless a poll is (before, or on 
the declaration of the result of, the show of hands) demanded by the chairman, the Issuer or one or more 
persons representing 2 per cent. of the Notes. 
22.
Unless a poll is demanded, a declaration by the chairman that a resolution has or has not been passed shall 
be conclusive evidence of the fact without proof of the number or proportion of the votes cast in favour of 
or against it. 
23.
If a poll is demanded, it shall be taken in such manner and (subject as provided below) either at once or 
after such adjournment as the chairman directs. The result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution 
of the meeting at which it was demanded as at the date it was taken. A demand for a poll shall not prevent 
the meeting continuing for the transaction of business other than the question on which it has been 
demanded. 
24.
A poll demanded on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken at once. 
25.
On a show of hands or a poll every person has one vote in respect of each Note so produced or represented 
by the voting certificate so produced or for which he is a proxy or representative. Without prejudice to the 
obligations of proxies, a person entitled to more than one vote need not use them all or cast them all in the 
same way. 
26.
In case of equality of votes the chairman shall both on a show of hands and on a poll have a casting vote 
in addition to any other votes which he may have. 
Effect and Publication of an Extraordinary Resolution and an Ordinary Resolution 
27.
An Extraordinary Resolution and an Ordinary Resolution shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether 
or not present at the meeting, and each of them shall be bound to give effect to it accordingly. The passing 
of such a resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the circumstances justify its being passed. The 
Issuer shall give notice of the passing of an Ordinary Resolution or an Extraordinary Resolution to 
Noteholders within fourteen days but failure to do so shall not invalidate the resolution. 
Minutes 
28.
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting and, if purporting to be signed 
by the chairman of that meeting or of the next succeeding meeting, shall be conclusive evidence of the 
matters in them. Until the contrary is proved every meeting for which minutes have been so made and

--- Page 79 ---
79
signed shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings 
transacted at it to have been duly passed and transacted. 
29.
The minutes must be published on the website of the Issuer within fifteen (15) days after they have been 
passed. 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
30.
If authorised by the Issuer and to the extent Electronic Consent is not being sought in accordance with 
paragraph 31, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution or an Ordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened 
and held, provided that the terms of the proposed resolution have been notified in advance to the 
Noteholders through the relevant clearing system(s). Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
Noteholders. For the purpose of determining whether a resolution in writing has been validly passed, the 
Issuer shall be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer (a) by 
accountholders in the clearing system(s) with entitlements to the Notes or (b) where the accountholders 
hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by 
the person identified by that accountholder for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of 
establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on 
any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, the Securities Settlement System, 
Euroclear, Clearstream or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the “relevant clearing system”) 
and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the relevant 
clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on 
all Noteholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or 
other document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the 
relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream’s CreationOnline system) in 
accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal 
amount of Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be 
liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other 
document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged 
or not authentic.
31.
Where the terms of the resolution proposed by the Issuer have been notified to the Noteholders through 
the relevant clearing system(s) as provided in sub-paragraphs 31.1 and/or 31.2 below, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to rely upon approval of such resolution given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) to the Domiciliary 
Agent or another specified agent in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf 
of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (the “Required 
Proportion”) by close of business on the Relevant Date (“Electronic Consent”). Any resolution passed 
in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be 
defective. The Issuer shall not be liable or responsible to anyone for such reliance. 
31.1
When a proposal for a resolution to be passed as an Electronic Consent has been made, at least 
fifteen days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on which 
affirmative consents will be counted) shall be given to the Noteholders through the relevant 
clearing system(s). The notice shall specify, in sufficient detail to enable Noteholders to give their 
consents in relation to the proposed resolution, the method by which their consents may be given 
(including, where applicable, blocking of their accounts in the relevant clearing system(s)) and the 
time and date (the “Relevant Date”) by which they must be received in order for such consents to

--- Page 80 ---
80
be validly given, in each case subject to and in accordance with the operating rules and procedures 
of the relevant clearing system(s). 
31.2
If, on the Relevant Date on which the consents in respect of an Electronic Consent are first 
counted, such consents do not represent the Required Proportion, the resolution shall be deemed to 
be defeated. Such determination shall be notified in writing to the Domiciliary Agent. 
Alternatively, the Issuer may give a further notice to Noteholders that the resolution will be 
proposed again on such date and for such period as determined by the Issuer. Such notice must 
inform Noteholders that insufficient consents were received in relation to the original resolution 
and the information specified in sub-paragraph 31.1 above. For the purpose of such further notice, 
references to “Relevant Date” shall be construed accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an Electronic Consent may only be used in relation to a resolution 
proposed by the Issuer which is not then the subject of a meeting that has been validly convened in 
accordance with paragraph 6 above, unless that meeting is or shall be cancelled or dissolved. 
32.
A Written Resolution or Electronic Consent shall take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution or an 
Ordinary Resolutions. A Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent will be binding on all Noteholders 
whether or not they participated in such Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent.

--- Page 81 ---
81
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for general corporate 
purposes (which may include, without limitation, (i) the refinancing of outstanding loans and other debt, 
(ii) the financing of the Issuer’s investment programmes and/or (iii) the financing of its funding needs that 
exceeds the free cash flow generated by its operations).  
The applicable Final Terms for each issue will specify whether the proceeds are for general corporate 
purposes or otherwise specify any particular identified use of proceeds. 
An example of such particular identified use of proceeds may be, if so designated in the applicable Final 
Terms, the allocation of net proceeds from the Issue of a certain Tranche of Notes to a sub portfolio (the 
Eligible Projects Portfolio) with the special purpose to finance, refinance and/or invest in Eligible Projects in 
accordance with the Sustainable Finance Framework of the Issuer (as published on its website 
https://www.proximus.com/dam/jcr:1ad71948-95a1-4df2-92b7-39403ab33387/proximus-sustainable-finance-
framework_en_fr_nl.pdf). The Sustainable Finance Framework is not incorporated by reference in, and does 
not form part of, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 82 ---
82
SUSTAINABLE FINANCE FRAMEWORK 
Introduction 
The Issuer has set up a sustainable finance framework first published on 25 May 2021 (as may be updated 
from time to time, and most recently on 30 July 2021) (the Sustainable Finance Framework), under which 
the Issuer intends to issue green, social or sustainable finance instruments, which may include bonds 
(including private placements), commercial paper, loans, promissory notes (Schuldscheindarlehen) and any 
other green, social or sustainable finance instruments, to finance and/or refinance sustainable projects with a 
positive environmental and/or social benefit. 
The 
Sustainable 
Finance 
Framework 
is 
publicly 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.proximus.com/dam/jcr:1ad71948-95a1-4df2-92b7-39403ab33387/proximus-sustainable-
finance-framework_en_fr_nl.pdf). The Sustainable Finance Framework is not incorporated by reference in, 
and does not form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
The Sustainable Finance Framework has been prepared in line with the voluntary guidelines of: 
•
The ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021 version;
•
The ICMA Social Bond Principles 2021 version;
•
The ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2021 version;
•
The LMA Green Loan Principles 2021 version;
•
The LMA Social Loan Principles 2021 version. 
This section contains a short summary of the Sustainable Finance Framework as at the date of the Base 
Prospectus. 
The Sustainable Finance Framework may be amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
For all Notes issued under the Sustainable Finance Framework, (i) the use of proceeds, (ii) the process for 
project evaluation and selection, (iii) the management of proceeds, (iv) the reporting on allocation and impact, 
and (v) the external review by the auditor will be carried out in accordance with the Sustainable Finance 
Framework. 
Use of proceeds  
The Issuer’s green, social or sustainable finance instruments will exclusively finance and/or refinance (with a 
maximum look-back period of 36 months), in whole or in part, eligible green, sustainable and social projects 
(Eligible Projects). Eligible Projects are defined as projects that meet the green and social eligibility criteria 
as set out below, which has been prepared in accordance with the ICMA and LMA Green and Social Bond 
and Green and Social Loan Principles (the Eligibility Criteria). The Eligibility Criteria are applied to each 
Eligible Project. The allocation of the proceeds of the Notes to Eligible Projects by the Issuer may not meet 
all present or future investor expectations and may not be aligned with future guidelines and/or regulatory or 
legislative criteria regarding sustainability performance or fail to continue to meet the relevant Eligibility 
Criteria. 
Eligibility Criteria 
Net Positive contribution to a net zero planet 
Green Bond 
Proximus’ intended use of proceeds 
Contribution 
Contribution to EU

--- Page 83 ---
83
Principle/Green 
Loan Principle 
Category 
to UN SDGs4
Environmental 
Objectives5
Energy Efficiency 
Network 
development 
Investments 
in 
energy efficiency 
of new or existing 
networks 
Shift to network of the 
future (5G & fiber)  
Efficiencies on existing 
networks and phase-
out  
Servers virtualisation 
IT 
infrastructure
Investments 
in 
energy efficiency 
of new or existing 
assets 
Energy 
efficient 
datacenters 
with 
power 
usage 
effectiveness less than 
1.5 
Internet 
of 
Things (IoT) 
Investments 
in 
platforms, 
solutions 
and 
products that help 
save energy and 
reduce 
carbon 
emissions 
Smart solutions and 
products 
Substantial 
contribution 
to 
Climate 
Change 
Mitigation (Article 10): 
1.b) 
Improving 
energy 
efficiency, 
except 
for 
power 
generation 
activities as referred to in 
Article 19(3) 
Renewable 
Energy 
Investments in the development, construction, and upgrade of 
facilities, equipment or systems that generate or transmit 
renewable energy (wind or solar) 
Substantial 
contribution 
to 
Climate 
Change 
Mitigation (Article 10): 
1.a) 
Generating, 
transmitting, 
storing, 
distributing 
or 
using 
renewable energy in line 
with 
Directive 
(EU) 
2018/2001, 
including 
through using innovative 
technology 
with 
a 
potential for significant 
future savings or through 
necessary reinforcement 
or extension of the grid. 
Clean 
Transportation 
Investments for the establishment, acquisition, expansion, 
upgrades, maintenance and operation of low carbon vehicles and 
related infrastructures:  
• Low carbon vehicles: Fully Electric, Hydrogen or otherwise 
zero-emission vehicles  
• Low carbon infrastructure: Electric charging stations and 
related infrastructure 
Substantial 
contribution 
to 
Climate 
Change 
Mitigation (Article 10): 
1.b) Increasing clean or 
climate-neutral mobility 
4 
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, adopted by all United Nations Member States in 2015. Please refer to the following website 
for a detailed explanation of each UN SDG: https://sdgs.un.org/goals. 
5 
EU Taxonomy Regulation. References to Articles in this column are references to Articles of the EU Taxonomy Regulation, unless specified 
otherwise.

--- Page 84 ---
84
Green Buildings 
The acquisition or construction of:  
• Commercial buildings built before 31 December 2020 that meet 
any of the following criteria:  
• Buildings with EPC label ≥ “A” or belonging to the top 
15% of the national building stock  
• Buildings that have achieved or are in process of 
achieving an environmental certification6 such as:  
• BREEAM certification “Excellent” and/or 
above • LEED certification “Gold” and/or above  
• DGNB certification “Gold” and/or above  
• 
Any 
other 
comparable 
environmental 
certification  
• Commercial Buildings built after 31 December 2020 that meet 
the following criteria:  
• Buildings with energy performance lower of at least 
10% than the threshold set for nearly zero-building 
(NZEB) requirements in the local context  
• The refurbishment of:  
• 
Commercial 
buildings 
with 
at 
least 
a 
30% 
improvement in energy efficiency 
Substantial 
contribution 
to 
Climate 
Change 
Mitigation (Article 10): 
1.b) 
Improving 
energy 
efficiency, 
except 
for 
power 
generation 
activities as referred to in 
Article 19(3) 
Becoming truly circular
Green 
Bond 
Principle/Green 
Loan 
Principle 
Category 
Proximus’ intended use of proceeds 
Contribution 
to UN SDGs7
Contribution to EU 
Environmental 
Objectives8
Eco-efficient 
and/or 
Circular 
Economy 
adapted 
Products, 
Production 
Technologies 
and Processes 
Circular 
Economy  
Reducing the impact 
of electronic waste 
on the environment 
Eco-designing 
of 
equipment 
Collection of valuable 
resources 
from 
equipment & network 
installations to recycle 
Giving 
equipment 
a 
second life 
Substantial 
contribution 
to 
the 
Transition to a Circular 
Economy (Article 13):  
1.e) Prolongs the use of 
products, 
including 
through reuse, design for 
longevity, 
repurposing, 
disassembly, 
remanufacturing, 
upgrades and repair, and 
sharing product 
Contributing to a digital society
Social Bond 
Principles 
Category  
Proximus’ intended use of proceeds 
Contribution to UN SDGs9
6 
An external consultant will provide an analysis which certfication schemes would align with the top 15% approach stipulated in the 
Commission Delegated Regulation C/2021/2800 supplementing the EU Taxonomy Regulation. 
7 
Please refer to footnote 4. 
8 
Please refer to footnote 5. 
9 
Please refer to footnote 4.

--- Page 85 ---
85
Access 
to 
Essential 
Services 
Social 
inclusion 
Investments 
in 
programmes 
concerning 
expansion of fiber 
and mobile network 
to medium dense or 
rural areas 
Digital 
inclusion  
Investments 
in 
programmes closing 
the digital divide 
Education 
of 
both 
young and old  
Making 
digital 
accessible 
to 
everyone  
Build digital trust  
Educational 
institutions 
Process for assets evaluation and selection 
A dedicated Sustainable Finance Committee has been established to create the Sustainable Finance 
Framework and is responsible for the process of project evaluation and selection. The Sustainable Finance 
Committee monitors the Eligible Projects Portfolio after each reporting period and is also responsible for (i) 
reviewing the content of the Sustainable Finance Framework and updating it to reflect changes in corporate 
strategy, technology and market developments on a best effort basis; and (ii) excluding projects that no longer 
comply with the Eligibility Criteria or have been disposed of and replacing them on a best efforts basis. The 
Sustainable Finance Committee will meet at least on an annual basis. Please refer to the paragraph 
“Management of proceeds” below  for more information. 
Management of proceeds 
The net proceeds of the green, social or sustainable finance instruments issued under the Sustainable Finance 
Framework will be managed by the Issuer’s Group Finance in a portfolio approach, meaning that net proceeds 
will be pooled together and one overall allocation portfolio reporting will be provided. Consequently, net 
proceeds from any Notes issued under the Programme in accordance with the Sustainable Finance Framework 
will be pooled with the net proceeds of other green, social or sustainable finance instruments issued by the 
Issuer under the Sustainable Finance Framework. The aggregate net proceeds of the green, social or 
sustainable finance instruments will be tracked internally on a portfolio basis. Proximus intends to allocate the 
proceeds from the green, social or sustainable finance instruments to a portfolio of Eligible Projects that meet 
the use of proceeds Eligibility Criteria and in accordance with the evaluation and selection process presented 
above within 24-36 months after issuance. The Issuer will strive, over time, to achieve a level of allocation to 
the portfolio of Eligible Projects which matches or exceeds the balance of net proceeds from its outstanding 
green, social or sustainable finance instruments. Additional projects will be added to the Eligible Projects 
Portfolio to the extent required. Pending the full allocation to the Eligible Projects Portfolio, Proximus will 
hold and/or invest the balance of net proceeds not yet allocated in its treasury liquidity portfolio (in cash or 
cash equivalents, money market funds, etc.). 
Reporting 
The Issuer will make and keep readily available reporting on the allocation and impact of the portfolio of 
Eligible Projects starting after a year from the first issuance of the green, social or sustainable finance 
instruments, to be renewed annually until all net proceeds of green, social or sustainable finance instruments

--- Page 86 ---
86
issued then or at any later point have been fully allocated to Eligible Projects. This report may be part of the 
Issuer’s annual report. The Issuer intends to report on an aggregated basis for all its green, social or 
sustainable finance instruments outstanding, describing the Eligible Projects and linking each Eligible Project 
to a category of the Green Bond Principles 2021, Green Loan Principles 2021 or Social Bond Principles 2021. 
No specific reporting will be done for the Notes issued in accordance with the Sustainable Finance 
Framework separately from the reporting on other green, social or sustainable finance instruments issued in 
accordance with the Sustainable Finance Framework. The Issuer intends to align its impact reporting with the 
Handbook for Harmonised Framework for Impact Reporting - June 2021.10 As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer is preparing an allocation and impact report in relation to the proceeds of the EUR 750 
million green bond issued in November 2021. These reports will be made available within 12 months from 
the relevant issue date, on the Issuer’s website (https://www.proximus.com/investors/sustainable-finance-
framework.html) and are not incorporated into and do not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
External review  
Second party opinion 
Sustainalytics, a provider of environmental, social and governance (ESG) research and analysis, evaluated the 
Sustainable Finance Framework and the alignment thereof with relevant industry standards and provided 
views on the robustness and credibility of the Sustainable Finance Framework within the meaning of the 
Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2021, Green Bond Principles 2021, Social Bond Principles 2021, Green Loan 
Principles 2021, and Social Loan Principles 2021, which views are intended to inform investors in general, 
and are not meant for a specific investor. The Sustainalytics Opinion does not provide an opinion on the 
compliance of the Notes with the Sustainable Finance Framework, nor the underlying assets or procedures. 
The 
Sustainalytics 
Opinion 
is 
available 
to 
investors 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.proximus.com/dam/jcr:89eec7b5-d9f3-43ec-bb11-1ab562846b7d/proximussustainalytics-
second-party-opinion_en_fr_nl.pdf). The Sustainalytics Opinion is not incorporated into and does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
Annual audit/limited assurance on the allocation reporting 
The Issuer intends to obtain a limited assurance report by its auditor on the allocation of the proceeds of the 
green, social or sustainable finance instruments. 
10 ICMA website, “Impact Reporting”, at https://www.icmagroup.org/sustainable-finance/impact-reporting.

--- Page 87 ---
87
DESCRIPTION OF PROXIMUS, SA DE DROIT PUBLIC 
GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE CORPORATE STRUCTURE OF PROXIMUS SA 
Commercial name: 
Proximus 
Legal name: 
Proximus, SA de droit public (as of 22 June 2015) 
Registered office: 
Koning Albert II-laan 27, B-1030 Brussels 
Telephone number: 
+32 2 202 46 12 
Enterprise number: 
0202.239.951, Brussels Register of Legal Entities 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
549300CWRXC5EP004533. 
Year of incorporation: 
Proximus was established under the name of 
Belgacom as an autonomous public-sector company, 
governed by the Law of 19 July 1930 establishing the 
Belgian National Telegraph and Telephone Company, 
the RTT (Régie des Télégraphes et Téléphones et 
Télégraphes / Regie van Telegraaf en Telefoon). 
The transformation into an SA of public law was 
implemented by Royal Decree of 16 December 1994 
and Proximus was incorporated on 27 December 
1994. 
The name change into Proximus SA, de droit public 
was implemented by the Royal Decree of 7 May 
2015, applicable as of 22 June 2015. 
Legislation under which Proximus operates: 
Proximus is incorporated under and is subject to the 
laws of the Kingdom of Belgium. 
Legal form: 
Limited liability company under public law (Société 
Anonyme 
(SA) 
de 
droit 
public/Naamloze 
Vennootschap (NV) van publiek recht) 
Corporate object: 
As described in Article 3 of the Articles of 
Association of Proximus, the objects of Proximus 
are: 
1
to develop services within the field of 
telecommunications in Belgium or elsewhere;
2
to perform all actions aimed at promoting, 
directly or indirectly, its activities or ensuring 
optimal use of its infrastructure;
3
to acquire participating interests in bodies, 
companies or associations – whether existing or 
to be created, Belgian, foreign or international, 
and public or private sector – that may 
contribute, directly or indirectly, to the 
achievement of its corporate objects;
4
to provide radio and television broadcasting 
services; and

--- Page 88 ---
88
5
to provide ICT and digital services. 
Description of the Group:  
The Issuer is the ultimate parent company of the 
Group. A Group structure chart is set out on 
page 132. 
HISTORY 
Proximus’ business was initially operated as a public service called Regie van Telegrafie en Telefonie / Régie 
des Télégraphes et des Téléphones (RTT). The RTT, established in 1930, was commissioned to supply 
telegraphy and telephony services in Belgium and was supervised by a Belgian government minister. 
In 1992, the RTT was reorganised as an autonomous public sector enterprise called “Belgacom”. 
In 1994, Belgacom was transformed into a limited liability company under public law and in March 1996, the 
Belgian State sold 50% less one share to a private consortium, ADSB Telecommunications BV. 
Belgacom launched the Proximus GSM cellular network on 1 January 1994.  
Belgacom Mobile S.A. was established on 1 July 1994 by Belgacom (75%) and AirTouch Communications 
(which subsequently merged with Vodafone) (25%). In August 2006, Belgacom acquired the remaining 25% 
stake in Belgacom Mobile S.A. from Vodafone for a total of EUR 2 billion. Following this operation, 
Belgacom Mobile S.A. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Belgacom. The business relationship between 
Proximus and Vodafone is maintained. 
On 1 January 1998, the telecom market was fully liberalised and Belgacom took over Skynet, the first internet 
access provider in Belgium and one of the largest web portals in the country. Its internet activities are 
integrated into the Belgacom brand which launched ADSL on the Belgian market. 
In March 2004, ADSB Telecommunications BV sold its participation through a public offering. Since then 
Belgacom has been listed on the Euronext Brussels Stock Exchange (ticker BELG and following the name 
change into Proximus in June 2015 under the ticker PROX). Following completion of the offering, the 
Belgian State owned 51.6% of the ordinary shares of Belgacom. 
Belgacom transferred its international carrier branch of activity to its 100% subsidiary Belgacom International 
Carrier Services SA (BICS) on 1 January 2005. Effective 1 July 2005, Swisscom Fixnet AG transferred its 
international carrier services business to Belgacom’s subsidiary BICS in exchange for a 28% ownership in 
BICS and its subsidiaries and Belgacom’s share was diluted to 72%. 
In June 2005, Belgacom launched its digital television offering, Belgacom TV, offering to the customer a 
range of channels, on demand TV, interactive television services and an electronic program guide. Through a 
successful bidding, Belgacom was able to acquire the exclusive broadcasting rights for the Belgian and Italian 
Football League championships for a 3 year period. Early June 2008, the Belgian Professional Football 
League granted Belgacom the broadcast rights to the Jupiler League for the 2008-2011 seasons. 
In September 2005, Belgacom launched a public tender offer to acquire 100% of Telindus shares. This offer 
fitted Belgacom’s strategy to grow its IT services business in Belgium and offered additional international 
scope. The takeover was finalised early 2006 and the Telindus Group share was delisted from the Brussels 
Euronext stock market. In June 2006, the Telindus/Belgacom ICT portfolio was expanded with the new 
Telindus/Belgacom brand. 
In February 2008, Belgacom announced the acquisition of Scarlet NV, the infrastructure based 
communication service provider offering fixed-line and mobile voice, internet and data services for 
residential, SME, corporate and wholesale customers in the Netherlands, Belgium and the Dutch Antilles.

--- Page 89 ---
89
This acquisition was closed in November 2008 and allows Belgacom to penetrate a new market segment and 
reinforce its multiplay offer in Belgium. In July 2009, in accordance with the requirements from the 
Competition Council, the Scarlet network was divested to Synthigo SA. 
The Group also acquired Mobile-for, a company specialised in mobile payments for parking and Tango (Tele2 
Luxemburg), the second mobile operator in Luxembourg. As part of the latter transaction, Belgacom also 
acquired Tele2’s Liechtenstein fixed and mobile operations, which was divested in December 2009 to Unify 
Nederland BV. 
In December 2009, the transaction that was announced in June 2009 between Belgacom ICS (BICS) and 
MTN was closed. This transaction combined the international carrier services of BICS and MTN, the latter 
taking an equity stake in BICS. As of 1 December 2009, BICS has been progressively integrating MTN ICS, 
MTN’s international wholesale subsidiary, and will act as the official gateway for carrier services of MTN 
globally. Belgacom owned 57.6% of BICS’ shares, Swisscom owned 22.4% and MTN owned 20.0% of BICS’ 
shares. 
On 4 January 2010, the extraordinary general shareholders’ meeting of Belgacom approved the integration of 
the Belgian operational subsidiaries of the Belgacom Group into a single limited liability company under 
public law, Belgacom SA. This integration thus concerned Belgacom SA, Belgacom Mobile SA, Telindus 
Group NV (only the national activities), Telindus NV, Telindus Sourcing SA and Belgacom Skynet activities. 
Excluded from this integration were the subsidiaries BICS, BGIS, Skynet iMotion Activities, Tango, Scarlet, 
Euremis, ConnectImmo and the international subsidiaries of the Telindus Group. 
In June 2010, Belgacom announced setting up of a new company called Belgacom Bridging ICT. This 
wholly-owned subsidiary is the basis for a new and exclusive channel with ICT experts throughout Belgium. 
In this new subsidiary, Belgacom consolidates the activities taken over from four IT integrators: 
ElectroComputer, Interconnect, Jockordy and Softcomputer. In July 2010 Belgacom Bridging ICT also 
acquired a 40% interest in ClearMedia. 
On 15 November 2010, Belgacom Invest Sàrl absorbed Tango Fixed SA, Tango Mobile SA and Tango 
Services SA. On 23 December 2010, the corporate form of Belgacom Invest Sàrl (private limited liability 
company) was changed into a limited liability company (Société anonyme) and its corporate name was 
changed into Tango SA with effect from 1 January 2011. 
In August 2011, Belgacom incorporated a new re-insurance company in Luxembourg, BGC Re SA. 
In November 2011, through the incorporation of a new company Belgacom ICT-expert Community CVBA 
Belgacom Bridging ICT NV joined forces with eight new local ICT experts to advise Small and Medium 
Enterprises (SME). 
In early January 2012, Belgacom acquired Wireless Technologies owning a chain of The Phone House (TPH) 
stores in Belgium. The Belgian Competition Council approved the acquisition but included in its approval the 
obligation to divest a number of TPH points-of-sale, as well as the activity pertaining to the exploitation of the 
shop-in-shops by Wireless Technologies.  
On 18 April 2012, at an extraordinary general shareholders’ meeting, Belgacom NV integrated Telindus 
Group NV through a merger by takeover. 
In 2013, Belgacom acquired a highly valuable spectrum for the 800 MHz frequency band to further develop 
4G leadership. 
In November 2013, Proximus and BNP Paribas Fortis set up “Belgian Mobile Wallet SA” (Sixdots) a 50-50 
joint venture to support online and mobile trade in Belgium. During 2014 new investors entered the company 
capital reducing the Group’s share to 33%.

--- Page 90 ---
90
In 2014, Proximus pioneered innovative 4G technology in Belgium, starting the roll-out at the Belgian coast 
and main cities, including Brussels. 
Since September 2014, all fixed and mobile voice, internet, digital television and ICT services are 
commercialised under one unique brand: Proximus. 
In 2014, the Group also sold 100% of its share in Group Telindus France to Vivendi and the business of 
Telindus Limited, a UK subsidiary of Telindus, to Telent Technology Service. 
In line with the new Fit for Growth strategy of the Group, Proximus was officially chosen as main 
commercial brand. On 29 September 2014, all Belgacom and Proximus solutions were grouped under the 
single brand and logo Proximus. As fundamental part of the growth strategy, this change simplifies the public 
perception and communicates the desire to put customers at the heart of everything Proximus does. 
On 15 April 2015, at the Annual Shareholders Meeting, the shareholders of the company voted in favour of 
changing the company name from Belgacom to Proximus. This change became effective as of 22 June 2015. 
Next to Proximus SA under Belgian Public Law, the Proximus Group encompasses the affiliates Scarlet, 
Tango, BICS and Telindus International. 
On 3 December 2015, Proximus signed an agreement to acquire ArcelorMittal’s 35.3% stake in Telindus 
Luxembourg. As a result, Proximus now owns 100% of the share capital of Telindus Luxembourg, which 
further underlines Proximus’ commitment to the Luxembourg market. 
On 15 March 2016, Proximus announced the creation of a Smart Mobility company by combining its 
subsidiary, Mobile-For, with Be-Mobile and Flow into one new company. The creation of a Smart Mobility 
company ties in perfectly with Proximus’ strategy to invest in innovation in order to grow in a sustainable 
way as a company and to offer customers solutions that improve their lives and allow them to work smarter. 
By combining the expertise of Be-Mobile, Flow and Mobile-For, the new company can become a strong 
player with a local base, using the Internet of Things and Big Data to offer innovative mobility solutions. 
End of April 2016, Proximus and the Flemish digital research center iMinds announced the start of a strategic 
cooperation that will focus on aspects such as the Internet of Things (IoT) and smart city applications. 
Initially, the two partners want to take the lead in the further development, refinement and standardisation of 
Long Range Low Power (LoRa) technology. LoRa is a new IoT network technology specifically developed to 
connect sensors and other devices to the internet in an easy and cost-effective way. Thanks to the data 
provided by the connected sensors, smart city applications can be continuously adjusted; e.g. for optimised 
traffic flows and improved city mobility. 
On 9 May 2016, driven by a strong commitment to Luxembourg and following the acquisition of the full 
ownership of Telindus in December 2015, Proximus combined its Luxembourg entities Telindus and Tango to 
create Proximus Luxembourg, a new convergent organisation with strong growth ambitions. 
In October 2016, Proximus also reinvented its commercial offer with the launch of the new all-in products 
Tuttimus for residential customers and Bizz All-in for small business customers. This offer allows everyone to 
tailor the available services according to their own needs and preferences. It is designed for the digital age 
where customers want an all-in package with an abundance of options, which they can easily personalise. 
On 16 December 2016, Proximus launched the project ‘Fiber for Belgium’ to bring a future-proof next 
generation network to its customers. Proximus announced an investment of EUR 3 billion for the coming ten 
years to accelerate the roll-out of Fiber in Belgium. Fiber is the fixed network of the future: thanks to 
unrivalled speeds, which can be identical in download and upload, Fiber is an enabler for new ways of living 
and working, offering a very high level of customer satisfaction. Proximus will cover more than 85% of all 
enterprises and more than 50% of all households with Fiber. Dense city areas will be fully fiberised, starting

--- Page 91 ---
91
with a progressive roll-out in six cities in early 2017: Antwerp, Brussels, Charleroi, Ghent, Namur and 
Roeselare. Investing in a future-proof Fiber network is crucial to give companies and citizens access to the 
most advanced digital services. Better networks will lead to more growth and employment for Belgium. 
In May 2017, Proximus acquired Davinsi Labs. This provided Proximus a 360° cyber security portfolio, 
covering the prevention and detection of cyber-attacks as well as the possibility of prediction and response to 
breaches. 
In September 2017, Proximus has further strengthened its role as a business partner in digital transformation 
by acquiring Unbrace, an application development company. Unbrace creates custom-built applications that 
help businesses engage with their customers, empower their employees and optimise their operations. 
In October 2017, BICS completed the acquisition of TeleSign, a leading US-based CPaaS (Communication 
Platform as a Service) company founded on security. This strategic acquisition enables BICS to expand from 
a global carrier to an international digital enabler, and to accelerate its strategy to diversify in terms of 
customers, solutions and geographies. It also allows BICS to acquire expertise in mobile identity, account 
security and cloud communication. BICS furthermore launched its global offering of Cloud Numbers-as-a-
Service in 120 countries worldwide and has successfully on-boarded its first customers, while constantly 
developing its service global coverage. 
In December 2017, Proximus further enlarged its offer for families and children with the exclusive deal 
signed with Studio 100. As of 1 January 2018, Studio 100 TV was exclusively available in Flanders in the 
basic offer, and Njam!, the first cooking channel in Flanders, became available for all Proximus TV 
customers. Furthermore, the partnership was expanded with Studio 100 GO, a completely revamped digital 
platform, and Studio 100 HITS, a brand-new music channel. 
In March 2018, Proximus obtained a EUR 400 million loan from the European Investment Bank to accelerate 
the roll-out of its fiber Gigabit network. 
In the same month, Proximus reinforced its leading position in the Benelux ICT security market by acquiring 
the Dutch based company ION-IP, delivering security services in various sectors. 
In June 2018, Proximus acquired Umbrio, a Dutch company specialised in IT and network operations, 
monitoring and analytics.  
In the same month, Proximus launched “Epic Beats” and “Epic Stories” mobile offers. By doing so, Proximus 
removed barriers to mobile data usage and confirmed its willingness to develop its footprint in the millennials 
segment.  
In July 2018, Proximus acquired Codit, a Belgium-headquartered IT services company and a market leader in 
business application integration.  
In October 2018, Proximus launched a revamped mobile offer with unlimited data: Mobilus XL at EUR 
42.99/month. More than ever, customers want to be connected anytime and anywhere to share experiences, 
photos and videos with their friends and family, listen to music and watch movies and series on their mobile. 
To this end, customers want to be able to use data without having to worry about their consumption. 
In January 2019, Proximus launched its #shifttodigital strategy, accelerating its transformation to remain 
relevant on the Belgian market and to secure the company’s future. This strategic plan confirmed the focus of 
Proximus on digitalisation, fibre and 5G network roll-out and expansion in ICT activities. It also highlighted 
the need for Proximus to further reduce its cost structure in order to continue to stay relevant in the market 
and continue the needed investments in networks, innovation and content, and targeted an additional gross 
saving of EUR 240 million by 2022 (“Fit for Purpose” efficiency plan).

--- Page 92 ---
92
In the same month, Proximus Luxembourg S.A. was created as a result of a merger between the two Proximus 
subsidiaries in Luxemburg, Tango and Telindus. 
In February 2019, Proximus, as a CO2 neutral company, got fully behind the “Sign for my Future” campaign, 
the most widely supported climate initiative in the history of Belgium. Employees were encouraged to sign 
the petition asking for a strong climate policy from our governments.  
On 27 February 2019, Proximus entered into an agreement with an institutional investor to issue a new 
EUR 100 million private bond note starting 8 March 2019 and maturing in September 2031, with an annual 
fixed coupon of 1.75%. 
In April 2019, in order to confirm its willingness to target the Millennials and “Generation Z” segments, 
Proximus launched the fixed-mobile convergent pack “Epic Combo”. Streaming videos through several 
screens, listening to music and sharing experiences on social media (Youtube, Netflix, Spotify, Instagram, 
Twitch, …) are encouraged thanks to zero-rated data (“endless data”), while providing customers with super-
fast and unlimited internet at home. In the same month, Proximus extended mobile data and number of call 
minutes allowance for its “Epic Stories” and “Epic Beats” mobile offers to reinforce its positioning in the 
youth segment.  
In May 2019, Proximus Group Services SA (PGS) was merged into Proximus SA, as a result of which PGS 
has ceased to exist and all its assets and liabilities were automatically transferred to Proximus SA. 
On 13 June 2019, almost five years after the launch of the current Proximus brand, Proximus took a new 
major step in its digital transformation with its new “Think Possible” brand promise, illustrating its mission to 
make innovative digital experience accessible to all customers and its willingness to become an even better 
partner of citizens, businesses and Belgian society in their digital evolution. 
During the same keynote event, Proximus announced the launch of “Proximus Pickx”, a new TV interface 
and innovative content platform, with thematic navigation allowing each user to discover at a glance all the 
programmes that match their mood mixing real time and replay, and personalised recommendations, on all 
screens. The launch of Pickx resonated with the announcement of the new Android P-based decoder, 
representing a European first in terms of innovation (HDR 4K, voice control, low power consumption, e-
gaming …).  
On 14 September 2019, the Board of Directors of Proximus and Mrs Dominique Leroy commonly agreed to 
end her function as CEO on 20 September 2019. As from 21 September 2019, Mrs Sandrine Dufour (CFO) 
was appointed as CEO ad interim with the support of Stefaan De Clerck, Chairman of the Board of Directors. 
In November 2019, Proximus changed the distribution to its shops in the city centre of Brussels from classical 
vans to cargo-bikes in collaboration with L’Oréal, reinforcing its willingness to reduce impact on environment 
through an innovative operational model. 
On 22 November 2019, Proximus and Orange signed the agreement to set up the shared mobile access 
network, to be designed, built and operated by a new joint venture owned 50/50 by the two operators. This 
will enable both companies to meet the increasing customer demand for mobile network quality and deeper 
indoor coverage, setting the path for a faster and more comprehensive 5G roll-out in Belgium. By sharing 
parts of the mobile network access infrastructure, operators can increase the efficiency of network operations 
and ensure sustainable investments in new network technologies. Financial analysts see a lot of sense and 
credibility in the decision to share costs of the network, with long-term benefits to be foreseen. 
In December 2019, Proximus incorporated, together with Orange Belgium NV, the company MWingz 
BV/SRL, each founder having subscribed to 50% of the shares. Telenet contested the network sharing 
agreement between Proximus and Orange Belgium and filed a complaint with the Belgian Competition

--- Page 93 ---
93
Authority including a request for preliminary measures on 8 January 2020. The Belgian Competition 
Authority, whilst acknowledging the benefits of the agreement, decided to suspend the agreement for two 
months, giving Orange Belgium and Proximus the time to have discussions with the telecommunications 
regulator. In the meantime, several preparatory actions could still be taken. The suspension ended on 
16 March 2020. Nevertheless, the case itself is still pending with the Belgian Competition Authority, which 
has not taken a decision on the merits yet. A procedure before the Belgian Competition Authority usually 
takes a long time. Consequently, a decision on the merits, if any, may take several years. 
On 27 November 2019, on the advice of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of 
Directors of Proximus appointed Guillaume Boutin as the new Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Proximus 
for a period of six years. Guillaume Boutin took office on 1 December 2019. 
On 9 December 2019, the unions approved the transformation plan “Fit-for-Purpose” following negotiations 
in the prior months. A two-thirds majority was therefore reached in the joint committee and the social 
agreement could be concluded. 
On 1 January 2020, Proximus Luxembourg Technology Services SRL was merged into and absorbed by 
Proximus Luxembourg S.A., as a result of which all assets and liabilities were automatically transferred to the 
latter. 
On 27 February 2020, Proximus announced the appointment of Mr Jim Casteele as Chief Consumer Market 
Officer and member of the Executive Committee as of 1 March 2020. 
On 1 March 2020, Umbrio Consulting BV, Umbrio BV and Umbrio University BV were merged into and 
absorbed by Umbrio Holding BV as a result of which all assets and liabilities were automatically transferred 
to the latter. In addition, Umbrio Holding BV’s name was changed into Umbrio BV. 
On 9 March 2020, Proximus announced that Chief Financial Officer Sandrine Dufour has decided to leave 
Proximus on 1 June 2020, after having accepted the position of CFO at UCB. As of 1 June 2020, Mrs Katleen 
Vandeweyer was appointed as CFO ad interim.
In March 2020, Proximus launched a smartphone recycling campaign “Don’t Miss the Call”, aimed at 
recycling 100,000 old smartphones. This reinforces Proximus’ involvement into the endeavour to make our 
planet a healthier place. 
As of March 2020, Proximus announced measures to support its customers and more generally the Belgian 
economy through the Covid-19 crisis, including by offering targeted measures to allow our customers to 
remain connected throughout the lockdown situation, enabling digital remote working and homeschooling, as 
well as targeted measures towards businesses affected by the crisis, such as the hotel-restaurant-café sector. 
On its Capital Markets Day held on 31 March 2020, Proximus presented its #inspire2022 strategy. Proximus 
raised the bar for its transformation and expressed the goal to become the reference operator in Europe. The 
Proximus #inspire2022 strategy lays a clear path to bring its domestic operations back to topline and to create 
EBITDA growth as of 2022. Among other things, Proximus expressed its commitment to building the best 
Gigabit network for Belgium, through strong acceleration of Fiber and 5G roll-out. Proximus’ acceleration in 
Fiber coverage requires an increased investment need with an expected maximum annual capex of EUR 1.3 
billion until 2025. 
On 31 March 2020, Proximus also announced, as the first operator in the Belgian market, the launch of its 5G 
network on 1 April 2020. 5G, the newest technology for mobile communications, will allow significant 
improvements in the mobile experience of all Proximus customers, but will also enable new applications with 
significant benefits for Business and Society. One example of such applications is being tested through a

--- Page 94 ---
94
partnership between Proximus and the Port of Antwerp (“Digitale Schelde” project), which was announced on 
5 February 2020. 
On 22 April 2020, Proximus announced the retirement of Bart Van Den Meersche, Chief Entreprise Market 
Officer, as of 1 July 2020. 
On 4 May 2020, a merger by absorption took place whereby Proximus Luxembourg S.A. absorbed 
Telectronics S.A., entailing a dissolution without liquidation of Telectronics, as a result of which all its assets 
and liabilities were transferred to Proximus Luxembourg, including all shares representing the entire share 
capital of Beim Weissenkreuz S.A. (BWK). Subsequently another merger by absorption took place whereby 
Proximus Luxembourg S.A. absorbed BWK, entailing a dissolution without liquidation of BWK, as a result 
of which all its assets and liabilities were transferred to Proximus Luxembourg S.A. 
On 12 June 2020, Proximus announced a partnership with the Belgian bank Belfius to jointly develop a fully 
digital bank, marking the first digital “Neobank” in the Belgian market. As part of this partnership, Proximus 
will also develop an exclusive package of Telecom solutions which will be offered to Belfius customers. By 
working together, Proximus and Belfius have found an innovative way to provide access to their mutual 
offers. Since 2021, Belfius and Proximus have marketed an exclusive and digital offer for their respective 
customers through a disruptive ecosystem. This partnership has resulted in an innovative banking offer 
imagined by Proximus and powered by Belfius, called “Banx”. It also provides Proximus with a new sales 
engine, as Proximus gets the chance to sell its telecom products to Belfius customers. Proximus customers 
now have access to an exclusive and innovative digital banking offer operated by Belfius; and Belfius 
customers now have access to a specific offer developed by Proximus available through Belfius sales 
channels. This is only one of the examples of the realisation of the third pillar of our #inspire2022, with the 
objective to return to profitable growth by building, amongst other, on local ecosystems. Banx was officially 
launched on 5 october 2021. In addition to Banx, Proximus also announced the launch of Beats, a tailor made 
offer combining banking and telecom services. 
On 25 June 2020, Proximus launched its new convergent pack offering “Flex”, which is targeted towards the 
residential segment of the market (largest segment in the Belgian Telecommunications market). By providing 
a high degree of customisation, including new features such as free mobile data outside the bundle, unlimited 
calls and a new app to help organise the daily life of a family, Proximus reinforced its position as the leading 
brand for residential customers, with the leading offering in terms of home connectivity experience, mobile 
experience and content experience. 
On 30 June 2020, Proximus announced the appointment of Mrs Anne-Sophie Lotgering as Chief Entreprise 
Market Offering and member of the Executive Committee as of 13 July 2020. 
On 30 June 2020, Umbrio Belgium BV was dissolved and liquidated, as a result of which it ceased to exist. 
On 17 July 2020, Proximus confirmed press reports that the shareholders of BICS (Belgacom International 
Carrier Services) were exploring a potential sale of 51% of BICS’s share, and Proximus’ intention to retain 
49% of this activity. 
On 31 July 2020, Proximus announced two separate agreements aiming to establish partnerships to accelerate 
the roll-out of Fiber-to-the-home in Belgium. The first agreement with EQT Infrastructure/DELTA Fiber 
intends to pass Fiber to about 1.5 million homes and businesses in the Flanders region, while the second 
agreement with Antin/Eurofiber aims at passing Fiber to least 500 thousand homes and businesses in the 
Wallonia region. 
On 1 October 2020, Proximus announced the launch of eSIM for Enterprise and residential customers. eSIM 
makes it possible to streamline logistics processes and reduce plastic waste considerably.

--- Page 95 ---
95
On 9 October 2020, Proximus announced the selection of Nokia and Ericsson as its partners to roll-out its 
mobile network of the future. Nokia has been selected to supply the Radio Network Access equipment, both 
modernizing existing 2G/3G/4G networks and deploying the new 5G technology, while Ericsson will supply 
the Mobile Data core, including the roll-out of a 5G NR Stand-alone Core network, essentially for delivering 
advanced 5G services and applications to our customers. 
On 15 October 2020, by means of a contribution in kind, Proximus NV contributed all shares it held in both 
Davinsi Labs NV and Codit Holding BV into Proximus ICT NV (previously SpearIT NV), resulting in a 
capital increase in the latter. As a result, Davinsi Labs NV and Codit Holding BV became 100% affiliates of 
Proximus ICT NV. 
On 30 October 2020, Proximus announced the signature of its final partnership agreement with Eurofiber to 
jointly connect 500 thousand homes and business in Wallonia with Fiber, and the establishment of a Joint 
Venture (49.9% owned by Proximus) to realise this objective. 
On 2 November 2020, Proximus launched “Business Flex”, a new range of packs targeted towards the self-
employed and small business sector, reaffirming its leadership position in this segment by offering dedicated 
services targeted to the needs of these companies. As part of this, Proximus launched the “Prime” services for 
professional customers, which offers them direct access to technical experts to handle any enquiry in a rapid 
and efficient manner. 
On 9 November 2020, Proximus and Citymesh reached an agreement allowing Citymesh to offer mobile and 
fixed telecom services to its customers over the Proximus network. The agreement emphasises Proximus’ 
open attitude towards collaboration and its ambition to provide gigabit connectivity to different types of 
partners. 
On 16 November 2020, Proximus announced the appointment of Mr Mark Reid as Chief Financial Officer, 
and or Mrs Antonietta Mastroianni as Chief Digital & IT Officer, both members of the Executive Committee. 
Mr Mark Reid has taken up his function in May 2021, while Mrs Antonietta Mastroianni has taken up her 
function in April 2021. 
On 27 November 2020, Proximus announced the signature of its final partnership agreement with EQT 
Infrastructure to jointly connect 1.5 million homes and business in Flanders with Fiber, and the establishment 
of a Joint Venture (49.9% owned by Proximus) to realise this objective. 
On 14 December 2020, Proximus announced it signed a definitive agreement with DPG Media to acquire 
Mobile Vikings (also including the JIM Mobile brand), bringing a leading Mobile Virtual Network Operator 
with a special appeal to the youth segment under it’s umbrella, subject the approval of the transaction by the 
Belgian Competition Authority. 
Also on 14 December 2020, a new national sales was announced, a joint venture where Proximus/Skynet will 
participate for 11.2%. This partnership of local media players aims to provide advertisers with the most 
creative and efficient solutions to reach their customers, across media types and platforms. A strongly 
developed data offering guarantees relevance and effectiveness. 
On 23 December 2020, Proximus incorporated, together with Nexus Infrastructure s.à r.l (Luxemburg) the 
company Nexus Midco BV, each founder having subscribed to 50% of the shares. 
Also on 23 December 2020, Nexus Midco BV incorporated the company Nexus Fiber BV, the founder having 
subscribed to 100% of the shares. 
On 21 January 2021, Proximus announced it reached a wholesale agreement with Youfone, one of the main 
independent operators in the Netherlands. As a result, Youfone now offers fixed and mobile services on the 
Belgian market since April 2021.

--- Page 96 ---
96
On 26 January 2021, Proximus announced changes in the Management Structure of BICS, with the 
termination by mutual agreement of the collaboration with CEO Daniel Kurgan, and the appointment of 
Matteo Gatta as CEO of BICS, and the appointment of Joseph Burton as CEO of Telesign, both with 
immediate effect. Both report to Guillaume Boutin, who has also taken up the position of Chairman of the 
Board of Directors of Telesign. 
On 9 February 2021, Proximus announced that it will acquire full ownership of BICS, securing the flexibility 
to execute the development and growth path of BICS and TeleSign. In view of the ambitioned simplification 
in BICS’ shareholding structure, Proximus has reached an agreement with MTN and Swisscom, the two 
minority shareholders of BICS, on the acquisition of their respective stakes of 20.0% and 22.4% in BICS for a 
total cash consideration of EUR 217 million. On 24 February 2021 Proximus confirmed that it had completed 
this acquisition. 
On 12 February 2021, Proximus announced the signing of a light MVNO agreement with One Bill Global 
(OBG), a company offering different types of utility services through an automated and interactive platform. 
The agreement allows OBG to extend its portfolio with telecom services, focusing on the mobile market.  
On 2 March 2021, Proximus has been recognised at the annual CDP Europe Awards for its corporate 
sustainability and climate efforts, securing a place on the prestigious 2020 Climate ‘A’ List. 
On 25 May 2021, the Issuer published its Sustainable Finance Framework, which applies to any green, 
sustainable or social finance instrument issued by it, and which specifies the classification logic, the eligibility 
criteria, the applicable environmental and social due diligence requirements and the verification process for 
sustainable finance, as well as a set of principles and requirements for reporting. Please refer to the section 
“Sustainable Finance Framework” above for more information. 
On 1 June 2021, the Belgian Competition Authority approved unconditionally the acquisition by Proximus of 
Mobile Vikings (including the JIM Mobile brand). On 7 June 2021, Proximus confirmed that the acquisition 
procedure was fully completed. 
On 18 June 2021, Proximus announced an innovation in the field of eHealth with a patient-centric 
teleconsultation app Doktr.  
On 29 June 2021 Proximus was awarded “Lean & Green 2 stars” label for its environmental efforts.  
On 20 September 2021, Proximus announced a partnership with BESIX and i.Leco for the creation of Aug∙e, 
a leader in smart buildings and energy transition. Aug∙e is a smart building application platform that combines 
their respective expertise in building, ICT and energy. Aug∙e follows the acquisition by BESIX and Proximus, 
leading actors in construction and ICT, of stakes in i.Leco, a tech start-up specialising in buildings’ energy 
management. 
On 10 November 2021, Proximus announced its first Green bond for an amount of EUR 750 million, 
successfully issued under the Sustainable Finance Framework. This allowed Proximus to sustainably invest in 
its future proof and energy friendly Fiber and 5G networks.  
On 16 December 2021, Proximus announced that its subsidiary TeleSign intended to go public at an 
Enterprise Value of $1.3 Billion via a business combination with North Atlantic Acquisition Corporation.  
Shareholding as at 31 March 2022 
Proximus Ownership
31 March 2022 
Shares
Shares
(%) 
Voting rights
(%) 
Dividend Rights 
(%) 
Belgian State 
180,887,569 
53.51% 
56.06% 
55.94%

--- Page 97 ---
97
Blackrock Inc. 
19,310,109 
5.71% 
5.98% 
5.97% 
Proximus’ own shares 
15,334,000 
4.54% 
0% 
0.21% 
Free-float 
122,493,457 
36.24% 
37.96% 
37.88% 
Latest developments in 2022 
On 17 January 2022, Proximus and Ores signed a new agreement to facilitate the roll out of Fiber in Wallonia.  
On 3 March 2022, Proximus announced the launch of Proximus Ada, the first Belgian center of excellence 
combining artificial intelligence and cybersecurity. These are two key areas if Belgian society is to meet the 
challenges of today and tomorrow. The first one, because it provides innovative solutions in multiple sectors, 
not least in energy and mobility. The second, as increasing cybercrime is forcing individuals, companies and 
society at large to become more resilient to cyber threats. Proximus Ada will be a wholly owned subsidiary of 
Proximus, whose expertise will be used to serve the Group's various entities and therefore benefit their 
customers. It started  its activities in April. 
On 22 March 2022, Proximus and Domus Medica announced that they will join forces with the Doktr app. 
This cooperation is part of Doktr's ambition to support and deploy video consultations widely in the Belgian 
healthcare system. The Domus Medica association of general practitioners believes that teleconsultations can 
be a valuable addition to physical consultations if certain conditions are met. They are therefore joining forces 
with Proximus to refine the operation of the Doktr app with an eye to the needs and wishes of general 
practitioners in the field. On 30 March 2022, Proximus announced its intention to collaborate with CM/MC 
and Solidaris/SocMut for the development of the local ecosystem around Doktr. 
On 16 May 2022, the German-speaking Community signed a memorandum of understanding with Proximus 
and Ethias to deploy fiber on its territory. By 2026, 36,000 homes and businesses in the German-speaking 
Community of Belgium will have access to fiber. The objective of these three parties is to set up a public-
private partnership to deploy fiber in the German-speaking Community, including the most rural areas. Such a 
partnership in Belgium in the field of fiber is unprecedented. 
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
Proximus is a provider of digital services, communication and ICT solutions operating in the Belgian and 
international markets. Its purpose is to open up a world of digital opportunities, so people live better and work 
smarter. Proximus does this by building the best open gigabit network, offering products and services tailored 
to the needs of every customer, by being the trusted partner of companies and Belgian society in their digital 
evolution and by contributing to a green and digital society. 
As a result of its fixed and mobile networks, Proximus’ customers access a wide range of digital services, data 
and multimedia content, anywhere, anytime. Proximus is laying the foundation for sustainable growth by 
investing in the gigabit network of the future, with a truly digital mindset and a spirit of openness towards 
partnerships.  
As a major economic player in Belgium, Proximus wants to create a positive impact on the world. Proximus 
supports the development of new digital ecosystems and innovative solutions for the benefit of the Belgian 
economy. On a societal level, Proximus fully commits to bridging the digital divide, providing opportunities 
for digital talents, and accelerating the transition to a green society. 
The Group’s operating segments are the Group’s components whose operating results are regularly reviewed 
by its Executive Committee (EXCO), the Group’s chief operating decision makers (CODM), to make 
decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess the performance.

--- Page 98 ---
98
Until 2020 this review was based on a customer-oriented organisation structured around: the Consumer 
Business Unit (CBU), the Enterprise Business Unit (EBU), Carrier & Wholesale Services (CWS) and 
International Carrier Services (BICS). 
In 2021, the former ICS segment, which included BICS and TeleSign activities, has been split into two 
separate segments (BICS and TeleSign), to reflect their individual management and future trajectories. Also, 
the way the business is monitored by the CODM has changed. Accordingly, the internal profitability reports, 
that are regularly reviewed by the CODM to allocate resources to segments and assess performance, were 
organised based on the nature of products and services provided and geographical area. As a result, the Group 
operating segments were redefined as follow: 

Domestic: segment providing communication and ICT services to residential, business and telecom 
wholesale markets in Belgium / BeNeLux. This operating segment regroups a.o. the former business 
units CBU, EBU and CWS. 

International Carrier Services (BICS) is responsible for international carrier activities on the 
international communications market. 

TeleSign: is specialised in international delivery authentication and digital identity services to the 
world’s largest internet brands, digital champions and cloud native businesses. It is one of the leading 
players at the intersection of complementary markets where it prevents and protects business from 
fraudulent and malicious activity, authenticates users and provides controlled access across 
applications based on the user’s account and delivers reliable, secure messaging and voice via an API. 
Today, TeleSign supports 8 of the 10 world’s largest digital enterprises and, as it consistently grows 
its customer base, it continues to successfully expand its existing customers’ adoption of its platform. 
The chief operating decision maker assesses performance and makes decisions about resource allocation and 
performance based on the EBITDA net of incidentals. Within Domestic net revenue is reviewed by the chief 
operating decision maker by market being residential (CBU component), professional (EBU component) and 
wholesale markets (CWS component). 
Capex information is not provided to the CODM by operating segment but by key domain being e.g. fiber, 
mobile, content… 
Group financing (including finance expenses and finance income) and income taxes are managed on a group 
basis and are not allocated to operating segments. 
The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the significant accounting policies of the 
Group. Segment results are therefore measured on a similar basis as the operating result in the consolidated 
financial statements but are disclosed excluding “incidentals” and including lease depreciation and interest. 
The Group defines “incidentals” as material items that are out of usual business operations. 
Inter-company transactions between legal entities of the Group are invoiced on an arm’s length basis. 
The following table gives a breakdown of the segment underlying income for each operating segment: 
EUR million 
2020
2021
Domestic
4,356
4,381
BICS
964
999
Telesign
273
327
Eliminations
-115
-130

--- Page 99 ---
99
5,479
5,578
In respect of geographical areas, the Group realised EUR 3,858 million net revenue in Belgium in 2021 (IFRS 
15 basis) and EUR 3,837 million in 2020 based on the country of the customer. The net revenue realised in 
other countries amounted to EUR 1,679 million in 2021 and EUR 1,606 million in 2020. More than 90% of 
the segment assets are located in Belgium. 
FULL YEAR 2021 REVENUE EVOLUTION 
In order to allow a like-for-like comparison, Proximus provides a clear view of the operational drivers of the 
business by isolating incidentals (i.e. revenues and costs that are unusual or not directly related to Proximus’ 
business operations, and which had a significant impact on the year-on-year variance of the Proximus Group 
revenue or EBITDA). The adjusted revenue and EBITDA are referred to as “underlying”. 
A further explanation of the concepts of underlying revenue and underlying EBITDA, the incidentals that are 
excluded and a reconciliation with the revenue reported in the income statement, is provided in the 
Consolidated Management Report for 2021 which is published together with the audited consolidated annual 
financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 (see section 1 & 2  and the 
definitions 
section, 
available 
at 
https://www.proximus-cdn.com/dam/jcr:36d075f0-40ec-4255-a0f5-
ff4ef36cf713/02-consolidated-annual-accounts-2021_en.pdf). 
The below overview of the full year 2021 revenue evolution includes underlying revenue figures. 
Furthermore, the following capitalised terms have the following meanings: 
A2P means application-to-person messages;
ARPC means average underlying revenue per customer (including small offices);
ARPU means average revenue per unit (e.g. per voice line, per broadband line, and per mobile card);
Blended Mobile ARPU means total Mobile Voice and Mobile Data revenues (inbound and outbound) of both 
Prepaid and Postpaid customers, divided by the average number of active Prepaid and Postpaid customers for 
that period, divided by the number of months of that same period. This also includes Mobile Virtual Network 
Operators (MVNOs), but excludes wireless data communications between machines (i.e., machine-to-
machine, M2M);
Broadband ARPU means total Internet underlying revenue, excluding activation and installation fees, 
divided by the average number of Internet lines for the period considered, divided by the number of months in 
that same period;
Fixed Voice ARPU means total Voice underlying revenue, excluding activation-related revenue, divided by 
the average number of Voice access channels for the period considered, divided by the number of months in 
that same period;
Mobile ARPU means total Mobile Voice and Mobile Data revenues (inbound and outbound, visitor roaming 
excluded), divided by the average number of active Mobile Voice and Data customers for that period, divided 
by the number of months of that same period. This also includes MVNOs, but excludes M2M;
Postpaid ARPU means the Mobile ARPU based on Postpaid customers only;
Prepaid ARPU means the Mobile ARPU based on Prepaid customers only; and

--- Page 100 ---
100
TV ARPU includes customer-related underlying revenue only and takes into account promotional offers, 
excluding activation and installation fees, divided by the number of households with Proximus or Scarlet TV. 
Over the full-year 2021, the Proximus Group posted EUR 5,578 million underlying revenue, +1.8% above 
that of 2020. On an organic basis, the underlying Group revenue was up by +1.2%. Proximus’ Domestic 
segment posted for the year 2021 a total underlying revenue of EUR 4,381 million, +0.6% compared to 2020. 
On an organic basis, the Domestic revenue remained close to last year’s level, - 0.2% year-on-year, in spite of 
some remaining COVID-19 related headwinds in the first quarter of 2021 impacting all segments of the 
Proximus Group. Revenue from Roaming, especially, was still affected at the start of 2021 because of the 
reduced travel worldwide during the pandemic. The support stemming from the solid operational results of 
both the Consumer and Enterprise units was offset by the loss of Wholesale Interconnect revenue, with no 
meaningful margin impact. The BICS segment posted for the full year 2021 a +3.6% revenue growth, largely 
driven by a 16.7% increase in revenue for its Core services. Proximus’ affiliate TeleSign, posted a +19.9% 
revenue growth, including a negative currency effect. Both Digital Identity and CPaaS revenue grew year-on-
year.  
DOMESTIC 
Consumer Revenue 
For the last quarter of 2021 Proximus posted for its Consumer unit, a revenue of EUR 699 million, a +2.7% 
or EUR 18 million increase from the year before. Excluding the contribution of Mobile Vikings (included 
in Other revenue), the organic Consumer revenue remained stable at EUR 681 million. Typical for the last 
quarter of the year, Proximus launched several year-end promotions, especially attracting new internet 
customers to one of its convergent Flex offers. The successful campaign led to a good growth in its core 
subscriber bases, especially in combinations of Fixed Internet, TV, and multiple mobile subscriptions, with 
Fiber playing an increasing role.  
In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Consumer unit sequentially improved its pace, adding net +14,000 internet 
lines. This brought Proximus’ Consumer internet base to 2,004,000 lines, a +2.0% increase from 12 months 
back. With Proximus deploying Fiber in 35 cities, the product superiority of Fiber becomes an increasingly 
relevant sales proposal. Over the last three months of 2021, the number of activated Fiber customers went up 
by an additional +19,000, being a mix of onboarding new customers and migrating copper customers. This 
brought the total Consumer Fiber customer base to 123,000 by end-2021. As for TV-offers, the number of 
subscriptions grew by +13,000 over the fourth quarter of 2021, bringing the total TV base to 1,709,000, a 
growth of +2.6% from end-2020. The Consumer unit kept up a strong pace in its Mobile Postpaid growth, 
with +37,000 Mobile postpaid cards sold over the fourth quarter of 2021. In a competitive setting, the 
performance of the Proximus brand remained strong, supported by the Mobile Vikings brand which addresses 
the tech-savvy segment in the market. By the end of 2021, Proximus’ Mobile postpaid base reached a total of 
3,246,000 mobile postpaid cards.  
Reflecting the ongoing change in customer needs, the Fixed Voice line continued its steady decline, with the 
fourth quarter 2021 posting a loss of -36,000 lines. 
The revenue generated by customers subscribing to Proximus’ different product lines is referred to as 
Customer services revenue or X-Play revenue. In total, 78% of the Consumer revenue, i.e. EUR 544 million 
was generated by Customer services (X-play). This is -1.3% below the comparable period in 2020, 
including some residual unfavorable year-on-year effect from higher Voice usage during the soft-lockdown 
end of 2020.  
As a result of the ongoing move of customers to convergent offers at higher ARPC and further supported by 
the 1 January 2021 price indexation, the overall ARPC continued to grow, with the fourth quarter ARPC up by 
+0.7% from one year back, reaching EUR 59.0.

--- Page 101 ---
101
The continued success of Proximus’ convergent Flex offers further grew the number of multi-mobile 
customers, driving a +2.8% increase in the overall RGU thus reaching 2.71 RGUs for the last quarter of 2021. 
By end-2021, Proximus counted a total of 832,000 Flex subscriptions, up from 317,000 twelve months back, 
being a mix of onboarding new customers and migrating customers from legacy packs.  
In the mix, revenue from Convergent customers increased further, up by +2.5% year-on-year reaching 
EUR 326 million. Over the fourth quarter of the year, Proximus grew its convergent base by +18,000 
customers, reaching a total of 1,192,000, up by 6.1% from 12 months back.  
The growth driver of the Convergent revenue is the ongoing strong increase in convergent 3-Play 
customers. Over the last quarter of 2021, the total convergent 3-Play base grew by +25,000 customers, 
reaching 447,000 customers by end-2021. As result, the 3-Play convergent revenue grew by 26.1% reaching 
EUR 116 million in the fourth quarter of 2021. The ARPC of a convergent 3-Play customer was EUR 89.3, -
3.4% below the last quarter of 2020. The steady decrease reflects the ongoing trend of customers migrating 
from packs with a fixed voice line at higher ARPC to Flex offers without fixed voice.  
The high uptake of 3-Play convergent offers largely explains the 4-Play customer decrease, down by - 7,000 
for the fourth quarter of 2021 and the decreasing trend in the Fixed -and Mobile postpaid-only customer 
bases. 
With the number of customers subscribing to Proximus’ convergent offers rising, Proximus’ base of Fixed-
only customers decreased further. The remaining base of Fixed-only customers, 1,063,000 at the end of 2021, 
generated an ARPC of EUR 47.2, -1.3% below the previous year.  
The total of Mobile postpaid-only customers was down by -12,000 in the fourth quarter of 2021. This 
brought the total Mobile postpaid-only11 base to 812,000 customers, generating an ARPC of EUR 27.2, 
+2.8% up from the previous year driven by a favorable price tiering and some returning roaming revenue.  
In addition to the above-described revenue from Customer services, the Consumer segment revenue also 
includes revenue from Terminals, Mobile Prepaid, its Luxembourg telecom business and Other revenue, with 
the latter including revenue from Mobile Vikings.  
The total revenue from Terminals totaled EUR 74 million over the last quarter of 2021, with especially good 
traction for high-end devices. This compares to a lower 2020 which was impacted by a temporary COVID-
related closure of the Proximus shops. 
Revenue from Mobile Prepaid continued its eroding trend, with revenues down to EUR 8 million for the 
fourth quarter of 2021. This was driven by the ongoing decrease in the Prepaid base, with a decline of -20,000 
prepaid cards over the fourth quarter of 2021. Proximus’ total Prepaid base totaled 669,000 by end-2021, 
including Prepaid cards from Mobile Vikings.  
Proximus’ Luxembourg telecom revenue came in strong over the fourth quarter of 2021 for the Consumer 
side compared to the previous year, up by +8.0% to EUR 34 million revenue, mainly resulting from higher 
number of mobile and fixed subscriptions, and an increase in mobile device sales. 
Proximus Consumer posted EUR 33 million in its Other revenue. The year-on-year increase by EUR 
16 million included the EUR 18 million revenue of Mobile Vikings. On an organic basis, the Other revenue 
was down from the previous year by about EUR -2 million. 
Entreprise Revenue 
The fourth quarter 2021 revenue of the Enterprise unit totaled EUR 352 million, a +1.9% increase from 
the 2020 comparable base. This mainly resulted from higher ICT revenue, with especially ICT services 
11 This does not include the Mobile Viking customers which are excluded from this Customer/X-Play view.

--- Page 102 ---
102
continuing their positive trajectory. Moreover, revenue from Mobile services was up year-on-year in spite of 
the continued challenging competitive environment, as well as some increase in revenue from terminals. 
Revenue from Mobile Services grew year-on-year for a third time in a row. Over the fourth quarter of 2021, 
the Enterprise segment grew its Mobile Services revenue to EUR 70 million, an increase by +3.6% from 
the previous year. The ongoing competitive pricing pressure in the B2B unit was compensated for by a 
favorable evolution in mobile managed services and network services in the context of COVID-19. This 
resulted in the ARPU turning slightly positive, +0.4%12, to total EUR 19.8 for the last quarter of 2021. The 
main revenue driver remains the solid year-on-year growth in the Mobile customer base, up by 34,000 
postpaid SIM cards over the past twelve months or +3.1%. Over the last three months of 2021, the postpaid 
base increased with 12,000 cards, bringing the total to 1,117,000 cards, excl. M2M. The annualized churn 
level was maintained at a low 8.9%, -1.4p.p. from one year ago.  
The Mobile Services revenue remains also supported by a favorable M2M revenue evolution. The Enterprise 
unit continued to grow its M2M park with the fourth quarter still benefitting from the last phase of the Fluvius 
Smart metering project. With an additional 153,000 M2M cards activated over the past three months, 
Proximus closed the year 2021 with a total of 3,352,000 M2M cards. This is an increase of 42.3% from one 
year back. 
The fourth quarter revenue from Fixed Telecom Services totaled EUR 100 million, down by -3.8% year-
on-year, with the main driver remaining the eroding Fixed Voice base.  
Revenue from Fixed Voice declined by -6.9% or EUR -3 million for the fourth quarter of 2021. The driver 
of the revenue erosion was the decrease of the Fixed Voice park by -9.8% over the past 12 months, including 
a line loss by -9,000 for the fourth quarter of 2021. The ARPU evolution remained positive, up by +3.5% to 
EUR 30.5, supported by the 1 January 2021 price indexation and the nonstructural increase related to Voice 
traffic to vaccination centers, i.e. call routing via VAS13 numbers (toll-free). This traffic started to come back 
in the framework of the COVID-19 booster campaign.  
The Enterprise revenue from Fixed Data services remained sequentially stable at EUR 61 million. 
Compared to the fourth quarter of 2020 this was -1.7% down, with last year’s fourth quarter benefitting from 
higher installation revenue. The Fiber park for Business customers continued its growth trend, supporting 
Proximus’ Explore solutions, being partly offset by the ongoing legacy outphasing and offering more 
attractive customer connectivity pricing in a competitive market. 
Within the Fixed Data revenue mix, revenue from Internet services remained slightly positive. This was 
driven by a better Broadband ARPU of EUR 43.6 for the fourth quarter of 2021, +1.6% up from the previous 
year, mainly benefitting from the 1 January price indexation and a growing share of Fiber in the total internet 
park. Moreover, Proximus sustained a slight favorable trend in its Enterprise Internet base, +0.3% up 
compared to one year back, closing the year 2021 with 134,000 Internet lines.  
Proximus’ Enterprise unit posted a strong quarter for ICT, with revenue of EUR 145 million, an 
increase of +2.7% compared to the previous year. This was fully related to revenue growth from highvalue 
services, with an especially a good performance by Advanced Workplace, Security Services, Application & 
Data Integration and Cloud Services. This sequential good performance of ICT services reflects the initial 
successful transformation of the Enterprise business unit into a convergent player, with focus on higher-
12 Mobile base adjusted by about 13,000 circuit switching data (CSD) cards, moving out of the mobile postpaid base and going into M2M, with 
minor impact on ARPU. 
13 VAS – Value Added Services, e.g. 0800 numbers and VMS – Value Managed Services, i.e. call routing to ensure business continuity.

--- Page 103 ---
103
margin next gen ICT services. Revenue from products with a lower margin remained fairly stable, with the 
global chip shortage still affecting some of Proximus’ hardware suppliers.  
Proximus’ Enterprise segment posted a 10.1% increase in its revenue from Advanced Business Services, 
totaling EUR 11 million for the fourth quarter of 2021. This includes growing Proximus convergent 
solutions and stable Smart mobility revenue from Be-Mobile. 
Wholesale Revenue 
Proximus posted for Wholesale a fourth quarter 2021 revenue of EUR 75 million, a +1.1% increase compared 
to the same period of 2020. The revenue generated by Fixed and Mobile wholesale services was up from the 
previous year by +6.4%, totaling EUR 32 million. Within the mix, Visitor roaming revenue remained positive 
year-on-year and was further supported by wholesale Mobile services, partly offset by the ongoing erosion in 
legacy services.  
Revenue from Interconnect decreased to EUR 41 million, -7.2%or EUR -3 million compared to the same 
period of 2020, with no material margin impact. The revenue decline reflects the EU regulation which 
lowered the Fixed & Mobile Termination rates as from 1 July 2021.  
Furthermore, the fourth-quarter 2021 included other operating income of EUR 2 million, related to the release 
of a one-off longstanding provision 
TELESIGN 
TeleSign posted EUR 87 million of revenue over the last quarter of 2021, a year-on-year increase of 
+15.1% or +10.3% on a constant currency basis14. The year-on-year growth was mainly driven by 
Communication Services, keeping a high single digit growth in Programmable Communications (CPaaS), 
balancing pricing discipline and top line growth. For Digital Identity Services at higher margin TeleSign made 
good progress towards its growth ambition, showing a strong mid-double digit growth compared to the last 
quarter of 2020. 
BICS 
For the fourth quarter of 2021, BICS posted revenues of EUR 259 million, an increase of 9.0% from the 
comparable period in 2020.  
BICS’ total year-on-year revenue increase was supported by its three product groups Growth, Legacy, and 
especially, Core services. The revenue from Core services (messaging, mobility and infrastructure), was up 
by EUR +11 million or +13.1% compared to the previous year. The year-on-year growth resulted from strong 
Messaging revenue, driven by high A2P volumes combined with a favorable destination mix, which 
continued in the fourth quarter. International travel continued its gradual come back, driven in part by the re-
opening of international travel to the US.  
For BICS’ Growth services, namely cloud communication, IoT and fraud prevention services, a total revenue 
of EUR 13 million was posted. The EUR 3 million increase from the comparable period in 2020 resulted 
from a strong traction for cloud communication, specifically in cloud-based voice services for a number of 
leading digital enterprises.  
The revenue from BICS’s legacy services, totaling EUR 148 million was up by 5.4%, in part driven by 
strong volume growth. This translated into a stable direct margin over the period, reflecting the continued 
market pressure in this inherently declining market. 
14 Provides a view on the business performance, filtering out the currency effects by using a constant currency.

--- Page 104 ---
104
HIGHLIGHTS FOR Q1 2022 
Proximus Group closed the first quarter of 2022 with good growth for its main customer bases, +38,000 
Mobile postpaid cards, +15,000 Internet and +11,000 TV subscriptions. The traction for higher-value offers 
continued, growing the Residential convergent base by +15,000 customers to a total of 1,011,000, +6.1% 
compared to 12 months ago. On an enlarging footprint, Fiber offers gained further traction, adding +25,000 
Residential and Business lines, bringing the total to 170,000. Over the first quarter, +88,000 customers opted 
for a Flex offer, bringing the total Flex subscriptions to 922,000. Reflecting changing customer needs, the 
Fixed Voice line base further eroded by -53,000 lines over the first three months of 2022.  
Proximus’ Domestic underlying revenue was up by +1.2% to EUR 1,097 million. Excluding low-margin 
Terminals revenue, the Domestic revenue grew by +2.2% (+0.7% organic). The Residential unit posted a 
+1.9% revenue increase, largely driven by a strong progress in Convergent revenue and Mobile Vikings 
contributing to the Mobile-only revenue growth. The Business unit revenue was -1.6% lower, with the 
revenue increase from IT services & Fixed Data offset by lower-margin Product revenue and the ongoing 
Fixed Voice erosion. Proximus’ Wholesale unit posted a +3.3% revenue increase on strong growth in Fixed 
and Mobile wholesale services.  
The first-quarter 2022 Domestic EBITDA totaled EUR 419 million, a +0.3% increase from the comparable 
period in 2021. The support from higher Direct Margin was largely offset by an increase in operating 
expenses. Proximus delivered considerable cost efficiencies mitigating inflationary cost increases, 
transformation cost and higher customer related Opex.  
TeleSign posted strong revenue growth for both its Digital Identity and Communication segment, with a total 
revenue of EUR 100 million over the first quarter of 2022. The year-on-year increase by +30.9% (+22.7% on 
a constant currency basis) was driven by new customers and by keeping a strong Net Revenue Retention rate 
of 124%. TeleSign’s first-quarter 2022 direct margin was up by 31.3% to EUR 24 million. On a constant 
currency basis, this was +9.4%. TeleSign’s EBITDA remained positive at EUR 2 million for the first 
quarter of 2022, including significant investments made to support its growth ambitions. 
For the first quarter of 2022, BICS grew its revenue by +4.5% to EUR 245 million. The Core services 
revenue was up +10.4% from a low comparable base in 2021, with the first months of 2021 still impacted by 
the global Covid19-related travel restrictions. BICS’ Growth services revenue increased by +49.5%, on a 
strong traction for cloud communication amongst world leading digital companies. The resulting higher 
Direct margin drove a +18.6% EBITDA increase, to a total of EUR 27 million for the first quarter of 2022. 
In aggregate, the Proximus Group underlying revenue totaled EUR 1,404 million for the first quarter of 
2022, a +2.7% growth from the comparable period of 2021. The underlying Group EBITDA totaled 
EUR 448 million, up by 0.4%.  
Excluding spectrum and football broadcasting rights, the Proximus Group CAPEX over the first quarter of 
2022 totaled EUR 270 million. The year-on-year increase was in large part driven by Fiber investments, 
making up 33% of the total Capex. In the first three months of the year, Proximus passed an additional 95,000 
homes and businesses with Fiber, bringing the total to 909,000. Furthermore, CAPEX increased amongst 
others for customer activations and timing effects of TV content renewal. 
Over the first quarter of 2022, Proximus Group posted a Free Cash Flow of EUR 29 million, or EUR 
33 million when adjusted for M&A-related transaction costs. The decrease from the first quarter 2021 FCF 
was mainly a result of higher cash-out for Capex, including a significant carry-over effect from year-end 2021 
Fiber investments, as well as from higher business working capital needs, including timing effects.

--- Page 105 ---
105
Proximus keeps a sound financial position and actively manages its long-term debt portfolio by having 
hedged its interest rate exposure of the bonds maturing in 2024 and 2025. 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
Proximus has adopted a risk philosophy that is aimed at maximizing business success and shareholder value 
and enhance customer satisfaction by effectively balancing risk and reward. Effective risk management is a 
key success factor in the realisation of our objectives. The aim of risk management is not only to safeguard 
the Group’s assets and financial strength but also to protect Proximus’ reputation by allowing to take risks in a 
controlled manner.  
Proximus has implemented a risk management methodology that follows ISO 31000 – Risk Management 
Guidelines and integrates adapted processes, techniques, and tools to identify, assess and manage in due time, 
risks and opportunities in various domains. 
Proximus’ ERM framework is aligned with best practices in the market. The risk assessment and evaluation 
takes place as an integral part of Proximus’ annual strategic planning cycle. Relevant risks and opportunities 
are prioritised in terms of impact and likelihood, considering quantitative and/or qualitative aspects. The 
bottom-up identification and prioritisation process is supported by a self-assessment template and validation 
sessions. The resulting report on major risks and uncertainties is then reviewed by the Executive Committee, 
the CEO and the Audit and Compliance Committee. The main findings are communicated to the Board of 
Directors. For more information on the risks that Proximus faces, please refer to the section “Risk Factors”. 
REGULATION 
INTRODUCTION 
Proximus is active on the Belgian telecommunications market that is regulated through laws adopted by the 
Parliament, secondary legislations and regulators’ decisions. 
Proximus, as an operator with Significant Market Power (SMP), is subject to a series of obligations which do 
not apply to its competitors (except for those that are also designated as an SMP operator in a specific 
market). 
THE EUROPEAN AND BELGIAN FRAMEWORK 
The law currently in force in Belgium is the law on electronic communications of 13 June 2005 (the 2005
Law) (Wet betreffende de elektronische communicatie/Loi relative aux communications électroniques) that 
implemented the 2003 European Framework. The 2005 Law was amended several times. 
At EU level, the telecom review by way of the so-called “European Electronic Communications Code” (the 
Code) was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 17 December 2018. The Code overhauls the 
previous EU telecoms regulation and entered into force on 20 December 2018. The law transposing this EU 
Code was published on 31 December 2021. Some obligations will have an impact on the business (e.g. the 
prepaid mobile consumers having the facility to claim the residual credit in case of change of operator or the 
scope of end-users’ protection being extended for several provisions to business clients). Concerning the 
regulatory-technical matters (e.g. numbering, spectrum), the text mostly follows closely the European Code. 
The new rules have been applicable since 10 January 2022. 
The new Audio-visual Media Service (AVMS) Directive published on 28 November 2018 modifies a 
directive from 2010. Since then, the market for these services has evolved significantly. Rapid technical 
developments have sparked new types of services, viewing habits have changed and user-generated content

--- Page 106 ---
106
has gained in importance. The legal framework has been updated to take account of these developments. This 
directive has been transposed in the decrees of the French speaking and Flemish communities. 
On 24 March 2022, the European Parliament, the Council and the European Commission reached a political 
agreement on the “Digital Markets Act” (DMA). The “Digital Markets Act” (DMA) wants more competition 
in “digital markets”, by giving new (European) (smaller) players better chances to enter the market. 
It introduces regulatory obligations/prohibitions for large online platforms (‘gatekeepers’). In the final 
compromise, fall within scope, companies that: control one or more online platform services in at least three 
EU countries, have a market capitalisation of at least EUR 75 billion or an annual turnover of EUR 7.5 billion 
and have at least 45 million monthly users in the EU, and 10,000 annual business users.  
Typically, companies set to be designated as gatekeepers are mostly American: Google, Amazon, Facebook, 
Apple, and Microsoft. The aim is to prevent the largest digital platforms from abusing their market power on 
digital markets. The current European competition law tools are considered often too late in the fast-evolving 
digital economy.  
Rules include a.o. prohibitions to combine data of same company (e.g. Facebook & Whatsapp); prohibitions 
on “self-preferencing” (promote own products) (e.g. Google's own products via Google Search); rules on pre-
installation of some services (e.g Google Android); obligation explicit consent for personal data to be used for 
targeted advertising; interoperability for messaging services (the largest messaging services (such as 
Whatsapp, Facebook Messenger or iMessage) will have to open up and interoperate with smaller messaging 
platforms). 
The texts are now being finalised for formal adoption by the Parliament and the Council. The DMA is 
scheduled to be applicable as of end 2022, with a transition period up to early 2023. 
The second large legislative initiative for which a political agreement is imminent (still under the current 
French Presidency) is the Digital Services Act (DSA). The Regulation of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on a Single Market For Digital Services (Digital Services Act) is a revised version of the “e-
commerce” directive (dating back to the year 2000) now also addressing the new internet services and 
defining a common set of rules on intermediaries' obligations and accountability. This draft Regulation 
follows a gradual approach defining more regulations as the role of the internet intermediary increases (main 
focus is on very large platforms (typically Facebook, YouTube (Google), Twitter, TikTok, Amazon…). The 
current liability exemption on control of content will remain for internet service providers and hosting 
providers if they are not involved in the transmitted information. In the first months of 2022, the European 
Parliament, Council and Commission organised a few rounds of political dialogue, to bring the legislative 
process to an end. 
Following approval, they will be directly applicable in all Member States, without national implementation. 
SPECIAL STATUS OF OPERATORS WITH SIGNIFICANT MARKET POWER 
The regulation process is defined, inter alia, by the results of the analysis of certain markets and by the 
definition of “remedies” (obligations) imposed on operators designated as SMP operators. 
Pursuant to the EU framework and the 2005 Law, the Belgian regulators are required to perform an analysis 
of the markets on the basis of the principles set out by the Commission in its Recommendation on relevant 
markets and its Guidelines and assess which are competitive and which are not. Based on this analysis, the 
regulators are required to impose regulatory obligations and/or amend existing obligations on operators with 
SMP or withdraw existing obligations if the market is considered as competitive.  
In Belgium, the markets that are currently regulated are the wholesale fixed and mobile call termination 
markets, the wholesale local access market (ex-wholesale (physical) network infrastructure access (including

--- Page 107 ---
107
shared or fully unbundled access)), the wholesale central access (ex-wholesale broadband access), the 
wholesale high-quality access (ex-wholesale terminating segments of leased lines including Next Generation 
Leased Lines (NGLL)) and the (cable) television market.
SPECTRUM
Belgium has currently five licensed mobile network operators: Proximus, Orange, Telenet, Dense Air 
Belgium (previously Voyacom) and Citymesh/Cegeka. Voo also currently operates as full MVNO.
Proximus currently holds spectrum in the 800 MHz, 900 MHz, 1800 MHz, 2100 MHz and 2600 MHz bands 
to offer best in class customer experience.
The multi-band spectrum auction (which should include the renewal of the existing 2G/3G spectrum licenses 
(900MHz, 1800MHz and 2100MHz) as well as the granting of new 5G spectrum (700MHz, 1400MHz and 
3500MHz) will take place in June 2022. The process is ongoing. On 18 March 2022, BIPT adopted a decision 
on the eligibility of the candidates for the auction of the future radio spectrum. Five mobile players have been 
deemed admissible by the BIPT. This auction is due to take place in June 2022. In the meantime, the operators 
had to indicate whether they wanted to take up the spectrum reserved for them. The new regulatory 
framework leaves open the possibility for a new operator to reserve a spectrum package in order for the latter 
to be able to enter the market as a fully-fledged mobile player. One of the two newcomers whose applications 
had been declared admissible for the spectrum auction has exercised the option to obtain a reserved radio 
spectrum package in the various radio frequency bands for both 5G and 2G, 3G and 4G applications against 
payment of €83,340,000. The three existing mobile operators have exercised the option to obtain the radio 
spectrum reserved for them against payment of €73,000,800 each as well. This allows them to ensure the 
continuity of their current service on the mobile market.
In order to allow operators to deploy 5G within the timeframe foreseen by the European Commission, BIPT 
has taken several interim initiatives.
On 15 June 2020, BIPT granted temporary licenses in the 3600-3800 MHz band to five operators: Proximus, 
Orange, Telenet, Cegeka & Entropia, each operator receiving 40MHz. After the subsequent drop out of 
Entropia, BIPT redistributed the spectrum among the other actors on 13 October 2020. Proximus, Orange & 
Telenet have now each been granted a block of 50MHz TDD and Cegeka received a block of 40MHz TDD. 
These rights will run until new rights are granted following the upcoming multiband auction. Operators had 
the obligation to put their spectrum in service before 1 March 2021. Operators have to pay a yearly fee of 
EUR 105,000 per block of 10 MHz. No unique fee is due and these rights are not subject to any specific 
coverage obligation.

--- Page 108 ---
108
Concerning the current 2G (900MHz and 1800MHz) and 3G (2100MHz) licenses which expired in March 
2021, BIPT decided on 11 March 2022 on a new extension of these licenses by a six-month period until 15 
September 2022 (a first extension was granted in February 2021 for the period 15 March until 15 September 
2021 and a second one for the period 15 September 2021 until 15 March 2022). Same conditions apply as in 
the current licenses. Such extensions may be granted until new rights are auctioned. 
On 22 September 2020, BIPT granted the unsold block of 15MHz duplex in the 2.6 GHz band (band 
originally used for 4G but can also be used for 5G in the future) to Citymesh/Cegeka. Initially it was foreseen 
to auction this block of unsold spectrum in the future multiband auction. The license duration is 15 years, 
from 2020 to 2035 for the entire territory. There are no specific coverage conditions associated with the band. 
Existing mobile operators (Proximus, Orange and Telenet) were excluded from the auction because their 
current holdings in this band exceed the spectrum cap of 20 MHz duplex. Citymesh/Cegeka also has user 
rights in the 3.4-3.6 GHz bands. 
In Luxemburg, four bidders have successfully secured 5G spectrum in the auction that took place in mid-July 
2020 for 700 MHz and 3,600 MHz frequencies.  
Proximus 
Luxembourg 
Orange Luxembourg 
Post Luxembourg 
Luxembourg Online 
SA 
700 MHz 
2x10 MHz 
2x10 MHz 
2x10 MHz 
- 
3600 MHz 
100 MHz 
110 MHz 
110 MHz 
10 MHz 
In total, the licenses were sold for EUR 41.3 million of which Proximus Luxembourg is progressively paying 
its part. Usage rights will be granted for an initial period of 15 years and the licenses will be renewable at 
least once for a period of five years. A number of coverage obligations apply to license holders. 
CABLE AND BROADBAND REGULATION 
The Belgian regulators’ decisions of 29 June 2018 on the review of the broadband and TV market analysis 
have outlined the regulation of Proximus’ fibre network and of the cable networks.  
In terms of pricing, the regulators have imposed a “fair pricing”. In this context, the Belgian regulators 
adopted, on 26 May 2020, their final decisions on the cable wholesale pricing. The new prices entered into 
force on 1 July 2020 and the decisions state the need to preserve investment incentives for fibre.  
On 9 March 2021, BIPT took its final decision of the FTTH wholesale monthly rentals. These are the access 
prices other operators pay for using Proximus' fibre optic network. The BIPT validates the prices applied by 
Proximus, considering them as being “fair prices” in accordance with the regulation set by the BIPT in 2018.  
In terms of Proximus’ access to the cable networks, the decision of June 2018 grants access for Proximus in 
geographical areas without own next-generation broadband access network.  
In April 2021, BIPT made the first step for the preparation of the review of the Broadband and TV markets of 
June 2018. The regulatory framework foresees indeed that the regulators must review regularly the market 
that are susceptible to ex-ante regulation on a regular basis. Technical and competitive development as well as 
evolution of needs and consumptions habits must be taken into account. 
In 2021, BIPT has also announced its intention to apply the Proximus fiber access obligations to Proximus 
joint ventures Fiberklaar and Unifiber. These will be submitted to the access, transparency, non-discrimination 
and price control obligations imposed to Proximus based on the 2018 decision. The preparation of the 
reference offer and the determination of the underlying costs in the context of a fair pricing approach is 
expected to occur in 2022.

--- Page 109 ---
109
The decision of December 2019 on the review of the wholesale provision of high-quality access (leased lines 
and similar services) market entered force on 1 February 2020. Alternative operators purchase these high-
quality access services to connect sites (companies, base stations, interconnection points, etc.) that they 
cannot reach with their own infrastructure. Proximus has to apply a fair for the monthly rental fees. 
Considering that several alternative infrastructures are already present, BIPT foresees a softer regulation in 
some areas, i.e. no price regulation on active access. In 2021, BIPT started its exercise to review the list of 
these competitive LEX (currently 121). Based on this analysis, new areas might be added or removed from 
the list. The review is expected to take place in 2022.  
INTERNATIONAL ROAMING AND INTRA EU CALLS 
The current Roaming Regulation including RLAH expires on 30 June 2022. On 4 April 2022, the European 
Council adopted the legislative act. The revised EU roaming regulation will be directly binding and applies 
from 1 July 2022 until 30 June 2032. The main highlights of the new text are the following:  
The Roam Like at Home (RLAH) regime will be extended with ten years, allowing mobile roaming within 
the EU by end users at domestic rates. 
The Wholesale roaming charges – the price operators charge each other when their customers use other 
networks when roaming the EU – will be capped as follows. If consumers exceed their contract limits when 
roaming, any additional charges cannot be higher than the wholesale roaming caps. 
€ excl. 
VAT 
2021 
1/1/2022-
30/6/2022 
1/7/2022-
31/12/2022 
2023 
2024 
2025 
2026 
2027-
2032 
Voice 
call/min
0.032 
0.032 
0.022 
0.022 
0.022 
0.019 
0.019 
0.019 
SMS 
0.01 
0.01 
0.004 
0.004 
0.004 
0.003 
0.003 
0.003 
Data/GB 
3 
2.5 
2 
1.8 
1.55 
1.3 
1.1 
1 
Concerning the quality of service, roaming providers will be obliged to offer the same roaming quality as 
those offered domestically, if the same conditions are available on the network in the visiting country. A 
provision prohibits practices that reduce the quality of roaming services (e.g. by switching the connection 
from 4G to 3G). The roaming provider must publish information for the reasons for applying less 
advantageous conditions while rather abroad than those provided domestically. 
Roaming customers should have access to emergency services and should benefit from caller location 
transmission, free of charge. Travellers should be informed about the means of reaching emergency services, 
including those designed for disabled people, in the EU country they are visiting. 
The text increases transparency for services that may be subject to extra cost, e.g. the use of value added 
services or freephone numbers abroad, and will also protect customers from bill shocks resulting from 
inadvertent roaming on non-terrestrial mobile networks when on ferries or airplanes. An additional 
notification, next to the already applicable notification at 50 EUR excl. VAT, shall be sent to the roaming 
customer’s mobile device in case a EUR 100 data consumption limit is exceeded. 
In the context of the EU telecom review adopted at the end of 2018, new caps on intra-EU calls and SMS 
prices (calls and SMS to another EU country) took effect on 15 May 2019 for consumers at 19 
eurocents/minute for calls and 6 eurocents per SMS. 
TERMINATION RATES 
The EU institutions have agreed new rules concerning caps on wholesale mobile and fixed voice termination. 
The termination rates are the fees that fixed and mobile operators pay to other fixed and mobile operators to 
terminate a call on their network.

--- Page 110 ---
110
The Commission adopted on 18 December 2020 a binding decision setting single maximum EU-wide 
wholesale mobile and fixed termination rates (also referred to as Eurorate). This Act sets a 3-year glidepath 
for mobile termination rates (MTR) and a transition period for fixed termination rates (FTR). For Belgium, 
the following rates will be applicable.  
MTR 
Current
2021 
1/1/2022 
1/1/2023 
As from 1/1/2024 
€ct/min 
0.99 
0.7 
0.55 
0.4 
0.2 
FTR 
Current 
2021 
As from 1/1/2022 
€ct/min 
0.116 
0.093 
0.07 
Traffic originating from outside the EU is subject to the regulated EU-wide wholesale caps in cases where the 
non-EU termination rates are equal or below the Eurorate. 
This Regulation entered into force on 1 July 2021. 
COVERAGE AND QUALITY OF NETWORKS 
Through its “Atlas” project, BIPT publishes detailed information on the coverage and quality of experience of 
the mobile and fixed networks.  
On 10 February 2022, BIPT published the updated mobile coverage maps of October 2021 and mobile 
customer experience results of September 2021. The coverage maps show, for example, national mobile 
coverage ratios by technology and operator. The mobile maps reveal that Proximus has, in most cases, a 
coverage advantage. 
Early 2022 BIPT published a drive test and train test study on quality of mobile user experience offered by the 
three mobile operators. The study concludes that the performance of mobile networks in Belgium has been 
stable or has improved, both for voice and data, thanks to advancements in technology as well as investments 
and optimisation by the operators. It highlights that, based on international experience, Belgian mobile 
operators offer very good quality. For example, in drive tests, Proximus shows excellent results for call setup 
times, video streaming start times and Dropbox performance and, in train tests, Proximus achieved the highest 
score for 19 of the 21 indicators measured.   
For fixed, BIPT continues to publish temporarily aggregated coverage maps of Proximus and the cable 
operators by different download speeds: 1 Mbps, 10 Mbps, 30 Mbps, 50 Mbps and 100 Mbps. An update of 
the fixed Atlas is foreseen in 2022. 
On 7 December 2021, BIPT published its “Fiber Vademecum” in which it aims to inform a broad public (end-
users, building-owners, operators & public authorities) about fibre and its roll-out. In a later phase, BIPT will 
include a fibre map, showing actual and planned coverage, provided by operators.  
On 23 December 2021, BIPT published the first edition of its qualitative study on the quality and coverage of 
fixed and mobile broadband in Belgium. The study brings together the results of many BIPT surveys 
published before, e.g. fixed and mobile coverage of BIPT’s Atlas, fixed service quality indicators, mobile 
experience quality indicators, etc. An update of the study is foreseen for the end of 2022

--- Page 111 ---
111
UNIVERSAL SERVICE SOCIAL TARIFFS 
The Belgian Government intends to review the social tariffs for telecom services. On 25 November 2021, 
BIPT, on request of the Telecom Minister, launched a public consultation in this respect. The proposals built 
upon the existing system with legally defined reductions. An increased effort would be asked from the sector: 
the automatic granting of the reductions for people with low income, the indexation of the reductions and the 
introduction of a mobile plan at a reduced rate, targeting specifically hearing or visual impaired people who 
require specific assistance. The consultation ran until 18 January 2022. The final proposals are expected in 
2022. 
NET NEUTRALITY 
By three judgments adopted on 2 September 2021, the ECJ ruled that zero-rating offers of DT and Vodafone 
Deutschland are not compatible with the Open Internet Regulation, where they impose specific conditions 
upon the Internet customer. An example of a zero-rating functionality is a functionality by which a certain 
type of traffic is not counted down in the usage of the data bundle. 
In its argumentation the Court however seems to make a broader evaluation regarding zero rating, indicating 
its incompatibility with net neutrality rules when offered for commercial reasons.  
Today, the BEREC (the body of European regulators) Guidelines on the Open Internet allow zero-rated 
practices under certain conditions. BEREC  is currently reviewing its net neutrality guidelines and regulatory 
practice in the EU. As soon as the new guidelines will be made public (June 2022), a short transition period is 
expected to allow operators to adapt their portfolio to the new guidelines 
According to the BEREC’s current interpretation, the ECJ judgments of September 2021 would imply that, 
because of the unequal treatment of the data traffic that zero-rating implies, all zero-rating offers infringe the 
EU Open Internet Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2015/2120). Proximus is awaiting the final BEREC 
Guidelines in order to evaluate what measures need to be taken regarding its own zero-rated pricing plans and 
conform its portfolio to the new interpretation of the rules accordingly. This will happen in close consultation 
with the BIPT.  
LITIGATION 
The Issuer’s policies and procedures are designed to comply with all applicable laws, accounting and 
reporting requirements, regulations and tax requirements, including those imposed by foreign countries, the 
EU, as well as applicable labour laws. 
The complexity of the legal and regulatory environment in which the Issuer operates and the related cost of 
compliance are both increasing due to additional requirements. Furthermore, foreign and supranational laws 
occasionally conflict with domestic laws. Failure to comply with the various laws and regulations as well as 
changes in laws and regulations or the manner in which they are interpreted or applied, may result in damage 
to the Issuer’s reputation, liability, fines and penalties, increased tax burden or cost of regulatory compliance 
and impacts of the Issuer’s financial statements. 
The telecommunications industry and related service businesses are characterised by the existence of a large 
number of patents and trademarks. Litigation based on allegations of patent infringement or other violations 
of intellectual property rights is common. As the number of entrants into the market grows and the overlap of 
product functions increases, the possibility of an intellectual property infringement claim against Proximus 
increases. 
Proximus is currently involved in various claims and legal proceedings, including those for which a provision 
has been made and those described below for which no or limited provisions have been accrued, in the

--- Page 112 ---
112
jurisdictions in which it operates concerning matters arising in connection with the conduct of its business. 
These include also proceedings before BIPT, appeals against decisions taken by BIPT, and proceedings with 
the tax administrations. 
1.
Between 12 and 14 October 2010, the Belgian Directorate General of Competition started a dawn raid in 
Proximus’ offices in Brussels. This investigation concerns allegations by Orange (Mobistar at the time of 
the complaint) and KPN/Base regarding the wholesale DSL services of which Proximus would have 
engaged in obstruction practices. This measure is without prejudice to the final outcome of the full 
investigation. Following the inspection, the Directorate General of Competition is to examine all the 
relevant elements of the case. Eventually the College of Competition Prosecutors may propose a decision 
to be adopted by the Competition Council. During this procedure, Proximus will be in a position to make 
its views heard. (This procedure may last several years). During the investigation of October 2010, a 
large number of documents were seized (electronic data such as a full copy of mail boxes and archives 
and other files). Proximus and the prosecutor of the Competition Authority exchanged extensive views on 
the way to handle the seized data. Proximus wanted to be sure that the lawyers “legal privilege” (LPP) 
and the confidentiality of in house counsel advice were guaranteed. Moreover, Proximus sought to 
prevent the Competition Authority from having access to (sensitive) data that were out of scope. Not 
being able to convince the prosecutor of its position, Proximus started two proceedings, one before the 
Brussels Appeal Court and one before the President of the Competition Council, in order to have the 
communication of LPP data and data out of scope to the investigation teams suspended. On 5 March 
2013, the Appeal Court issued a positive judgment in this appeal procedure by which it ruled that 
investigators had no authority to seize documents containing advice of company lawyers and documents 
that are out of scope and that these documents should be removed/destroyed. To be noted that this is a 
decision on the procedure itself and not on the merits of the case. On 14 October 2013, the Competition 
Authority launched a request for cassation against this decision. Proximus has joined this cassation 
procedure. Eventually, on 22 January 2015, the Supreme Court decided to confirm the judgement of 
5 March 2013, except for a restriction with regard to older documents, which was annulled. It is now up 
to the Court of Appeal to take a new decision on this restriction. 
In March 2014, KPN has withdrawn its complaint; Orange remaining the sole complainant.
2.
In October 2009, seven parties (Telenet, KPN Group Belgium (formerly Base), KPN Belgium Business 
(Tele 2 Belgium), KPN BV (Sympac), BT, Verizon, Colt Telecom) filed an action against Belgacom 
mobile (currently Proximus and hereinafter indicated as Proximus) before the Commercial Court of 
Brussels formulating allegations that are similar to those in the case mentioned above (including 
Proximus-to-Proximus tariffs constitute an abuse of Proximus’s alleged dominant position in the Belgian 
market), but for different periods depending on the claimant, in particular, in the 1999 up to now 
timeframe (claim for EUR 1 provisional and request for appointment of an expert to compute the precise 
damage). In November 2009 Mobistar filed another similar claim for the period 2004 and beyond. These 
cases have been postponed for an undefined period. Following a settlement with Telenet, KPN, BASE 
Company and Orange, the only remaining claimants are BT, Verizon and Colt Telecom. 
3.
In the proceedings following a complaint by KPN Group Belgium in 2005 with the Belgian Competition 
Authority the latter confirmed on 26 May 2009 one of the five charges of abuse of dominant position put 
forward by the Prosecutor on 22 April 2008, i.e. engaging in 2004-2005 in a “price-squeeze” on the 
professional market. The Belgian Competition Authority considered that the rates for calls between 
Proximus customers (“on-net rates”) were lower than the rates it charged competitors for routing a call 
from their own networks to that of Proximus (= termination rates), increased with a number of other costs 
deemed relevant. All other charges of the Prosecutor were rejected. The Competition Authority also 
imposed a fine of EUR 66.3 million on Proximus (former Belgacom Mobile) for abuse of a dominant

--- Page 113 ---
113
position during the years 2004 and 2005. Proximus was obliged to pay the fine prior to 30 June 2009 and 
recognised this charge (net of existing provisions) as a non-recurring expense in the income statement of 
the second quarter 2009. Proximus filed an appeal against the ruling of the Competition Authority with 
the Court of Appeal of Brussels, contesting a large number of elements of the ruling: amongst other the 
fact that the market impact was not examined. Also KPN Group Belgium and Orange (Mobistar at that 
time) filed an appeal against said ruling. Following the settlement agreement dated 21 October 2015, the 
appeals of Base and Orange against the decision of the Belgian Competition Authority were withdrawn. 
Proximus will continue its appeal procedure against the decision.  
In its interim judgment of 7 October 2020, the Brussels Court of Appeal partially annulled the decision of 
26 May 2009 of the Competition Council, based on the reasoning that (i) the Belgian Competition 
Authority could not have established the existence of an abuse of a dominant position during the year 
2004 without the document seized during the illegal dawn raid, while (ii) the documents seized during the 
illegal dawn raid were not indispensable for the establishment of the abuse of a dominant position for 
2005. Consequently, Court decided that the procedure should only be continued for the latter period (both 
for other procedural issues and on merits). Proximus will launch a “pourvoi en cassation” against this 
judgment insofar as, according to Proximus, the decision should not have been annulled partially (2004), 
but totally (2004 and 2005), exactly because of the illegality of the dawn raid. 
4.
On 19 June 2019, Proximus was indicted by a Brussels investigating judge following a complaint on the 
grounds of corruption and offences relating to industry, commerce and public auctions in the so-called 
“GIAL” case. Proximus formally contests having committed any offence in this case. Due to the secrecy 
of the investigation, the details of this case cannot be set out in this report. Nevertheless, Proximus would 
like to mention the existence of this case to ensure transparency. For information purposes: if, contrary to 
its analysis of its role in this case, Proximus were to be found guilty of the acts which it is accused of and 
in view of the indictment by the investigating judge, the maximum fine that could be imposed to 
Proximus in the context of this case would be EUR 972,000. At the present time and on the basis of the 
information available to Proximus in connection with this case, Proximus has not set aside any amount 
for the payment of any fine. Finally, insofar as necessary, Proximus recalls that the indictment does not in 
any way imply that there are any charges or evidence of guilt against it and insists that it is presumed 
innocent and has solid elements for a favorable outcome to this case. 
5.
On 22 November 2019, Orange Belgium and Proximus concluded a mobile radio access network (RAN) 
sharing agreement. Telenet, which contests the agreement, lodged a complaint with the Belgian 
Competition Authority and made a request for preliminary measures. On 8 January 2020, the Belgian 
Competition Authority, whilst acknowledging the benefits of the agreement, decided to suspend the 
agreement during two months, giving Orange Belgium and Proximus the time to have discussions with 
the telecommunications regulator. In the meantime, several preparatory actions can still be taken. In the 
absence of new initiative from the prosecutors of the Belgian Competition Authority, the suspension took 
an end after the two-month period, allowing Proximus to fully implement the radio access network 
(RAN) sharing agreement. In the meantime, the prosecutors of the Belgian Competition Authority 
continue to investigate the agreement. A decision on the merits, if any, may take several years. 
6.
BICS NV received withholding tax assessments from the Indian tax authorities in relation to payments 
made by an Indian tax resident customer to BICS NV in the period 1 April 2007 to 31 March 2012. 
BICS NV filed appeals against the above assessments with the competent Indian Courts opposing the 
view of the Indian tax authorities that Indian withholding taxes are due on the payments. Furthermore, 
BICS NV is opposing the assessment in relation to the period 1 April 2008 to 31 March 2011 on 
procedural grounds. The amount of the contingent liability including late payment of interest is not 
expected to exceed EUR 33 million. BICS has not paid the assessed amounts and has not recorded a tax

--- Page 114 ---
114
provision. Management assesses that the position as recognised in the financial statements of Proximus 
reflects the best estimate of the probable final outcome. 
7.
On 11 January 2016, the European Commission announced its decision to consider Belgian tax rulings 
granted to multinationals with regard to “Excess Profit” as illegal state aid (hereafter “Decision”). BICS 
applied such tax ruling for the period 2010-2014 and paid the deemed aid recovery assessments. 
Furthermore, both BICS and the Belgian State filed an appeal against the decision of the European 
Commission before the European Court. The EU General Court ruled in its decision of 14 February 2019 
in favour of the Belgian State against the European Commission based on the argument that there is no 
“state aid scheme”. The European Commission filed an appeal against the aforementioned decision with 
the Court of Justice of the EU (CJEU) on 24 April 2019. In addition, on 16 September 2019, the 
European Commission opened a separate in-depth investigation into 39 individual excess profit rulings, 
including the excess profit rulings obtained by BICS. The individual opening decisions were eventually 
published on 31 August 2020. BICS submitted its comments to the Commission on 29 September 2020. 
On 16 September 2021, the CJEU held that the Decision correctly found that the excess profit ruling 
system constitutes an “aid scheme” and referred the case back to the General Court, for a decision on 
whether or not the EPR “scheme” also amounted to illegal State aid, as no decision has yet been taken in 
this respect (neither by the EU General Court or the CJEU). Management assesses that the position as 
recognised in the financial statements still reflects the best estimate of the probable outcome. 
MANAGEMENT 
Proximus Governance Model 
Proximus is aware that doing business the right way is its license to operate. It never wants to be put at the 
center of ethical dilemmas and it therefore puts the right measures in place to ensure its business is conducted 
ethically. Firstly, this requires it to have a clear governance model which, for Proximus, as a limited liability 
company under public law, is imposed by the Law of 21 March 1991 on the reform of certain autonomous 
economic public companies (the 1991 Law). For matters not explicitly regulated by the 1991 Law, Proximus 
is governed by Belgian Code of Companies and Associations of 23 March 2019 (the Belgian Code of 
Companies and Associations) and the Belgian Corporate Governance Code of 2020 (2020 Corporate 
Governance Code). 
The key features of Proximus’ governance model are: 
- 
a Board of Directors, which defines Proximus’ general policy and strategy and supervises operational 
management;
- 
an Audit and Compliance Committee, a Nomination and Remuneration Committee, and a 
Transformation and Innovation Committee (formerly the Strategic and Business Development 
Committee) created by the Board of Directors within its structure;
- 
a CEO who takes primary responsibility for operational management, including, but not limited to, day-
to-day management;
- 
an Executive Committee which assists the CEO in the exercise of his duties. 
- 
Proximus 
designates 
the 
2020 
Corporate 
Governance 
Code 
as 
the 
applicable 
Code 
(https://www.corporategovernancecommittee.be/sites/default/files/generated/files/page/belgische_corpor
ate_governance_code_2020.pdf). 
Proximus not only follows the 1991 Law, but also wants to ensure every one of its collaborators is aware of 
the behaviours to follow and avoid. Therefore, Proximus adopted a Code of Conduct, applicable to all its

--- Page 115 ---
115
employees. Proximus employees must follow a mandatory training on the application of the principles of the 
Code of Conduct. On top of this, Proximus has various internal policies in place to ensure that its employees 
conduct their business ethically. 
Deviation from the 2020 Corporate Governance Code 
Proximus complies with the 2020 Corporate Governance Code except for two deviations. 
Provision 7.6 of the 2020 Corporate Governance Code stipulates that a non-executive member of the Board of 
Directors should receive part of his/her remuneration in the form of shares in the company. Because of its 
specific shareholding, having the Belgian State as majority shareholder, Proximus opts not to introduce share-
related remuneration at this stage. For the same reason, Proximus is not compliant with provision 7.9 of the 
2020 Corporate Governance Code that stipulates that the Board of Directors should set a minimum threshold 
of shares to be held by the executives. 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors is composed of no more than fourteen members, including the person appointed as 
CEO. The CEO is the only executive member of the Board of Directors. All other members are non-executive 
directors. 
Directors are appointed for a renewable term of up to four years. According to the limits for independent 
directors, defined in article 7:87 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations and the 2020 Corporate 
Governance Code, the maximum term for independent directors is limited to twelve years. The Board of 
Directors decided in 2021 that this maximum term will in the future also apply for the non-independent 
Directors. 
The directors are appointed at the general meeting of the shareholders. The Board of Directors exclusively 
recommends candidates who have been proposed by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee. The 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee will take the principle of reasonable representation of significant 
stable shareholders into account and any shareholder who holds at least 25% of the shares has the right to 
nominate directors for appointment pro rata to its shareholding. Based on this rule, the Belgian State has the 
right to nominate seven directors. All other directors must be independent within the meaning of article 7:87 
of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations and the 2020 Corporate Governance Code and at any 
time the Board of Directors needs to have at least three independent directors. 
The Board of Directors meets whenever the interests of Proximus so require or at the request of at least two 
directors. In principle, the Board of Directors meets every year in five regularly scheduled meetings. The 
Board of Directors must also evaluate the strategic long-term plan in an extra meeting each year. 
In general, the Board’s decisions are made by a simple majority of the Directors present or represented, 
although for certain topics, a special majority is required. 
The Board of Directors has adopted a Board Charter which, together with the charters of the Board 
Committees, reflects the principles by which the Board of Directors and its Committees operate. 
The Board Charter provides, among other things, that important decisions should have broad support, 
understood as a qualitative concept indicating effective decision-making within the Board of Directors 
following a constructive dialogue between Directors. They should be prepared by standing or ad hoc Board 
Committees having significant representation of non-executive, independent Directors within the meaning of 
Article 7:87 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations.

--- Page 116 ---
116
The members of the current Board of Directors of Proximus are as follows: 
Name 
Age 
Position 
Director since 
Term Expires 
Guillaume Boutin(1)
47 
CEO 
2019 
2024 
Stefaan De Clerck(1) (6)
70 
Chairman 
2013 
2025 
Karel De Gucht(1) (3)
68 
Director 
2015 
2025 
Martin De Prycker(2)
67 
Director 
2015 
2023 
Ibrahim Ouassari(1) (4)
43 
Director 
2021 
2025 
Pierre Demuelenaere(2) (5)
63 
Director 
2011 
2023 
Agnès Touraine(2) (8)
67 
Director 
2014 
2026 
Luc Van den hove(2)
62 
Director 
2016 
2024 
Catherine Vandenborre(2) (8)
51 
Director 
2014 
2026 
Catherine Rutten(2)
53 
Director 
2019 
2023 
Joachim Sonne(2)
47 
Director 
2019 
2024 
Béatrice de Mahieu(1) (7)
49 
Director 
2022 
2026 
Audrey Hanard(1) (7)
36 
Director 
2022 
2026 
Claire Tillekaerts(1) (7)
65 
Director 
2022 
2026 
(1) Appointed by the shareholders’ meeting upon proposal of the Belgian State 
(2) Appointed by the shareholders’ meeting and independent 
(3) By decision of the annual general meeting of 21 April 2021, the mandate of Mr Karel De Gucht was extended until the annual general 
meeting of 2025 
(4) By decision of the annual general meeting of 21 April 2021, Mr Ibrahim Ouassari was appointed until the annual general meeting of 
2025 
(5) By decision of the annual general meeting of 21 April 2021, the mandate of Mr Pierre Demuelenaere was extended until the annual 
general meeting of 2023 
(6) By decision of the annual general meeting of 20 April 2022, the mandate of Mr Stefaan De Clerck was extended until the annual 
general meeting of 2025 
(7) By decision of the annual general meeting of 20 April 2022, Mrs Béatrice de Mahieu, Mrs Audrey Hanard and Mrs Claire Tillekarerts 
were appointed until the annual general meeting of 2026 
(8) By decision of the annual general meeting of 20 April 2022, the mandates of Mrs Agnès Touraine and Mrs Catherine Vandenborre 
were extended until the annual general meeting of 2026 
Guillaume BOUTIN 
Mr Guillaume Boutin has been Chief Executive Officer since 1 December 2019 and presides over the 
Executive Committee of Proximus. He is a Chairman of the Board of Directors of BICS and Telesign as well 
as member of the Proximus Art Board. 
Previously, Mr Boutin joined the Proximus Executive Committee as Chief Consumer Market Officer in 
August 2017.  
Mr Boutin started his career by joining a web start-up. He then joined SFR where he successively held 
various positions in strategy, finance and marketing until he joined Canal+ Group in 2015 as Chief Marketing 
Officer.  
Guillaume Boutin holds a “baccalauréat scientifique”, followed by a degree in telecommunications 
engineering (Telecom Sud Paris “Programme Grande Ecole”, 1997) and a degree from HEC Paris, 
“Programme Grande Ecole”, obtained in 1999.

--- Page 117 ---
117
Stefaan DE CLERCK 
Mr Stefaan De Clerck is Chairman of the Proximus Board of Directors since 20 September 2013. He chairs 
the Proximus Joint Committee, the Proximus Pension Fund and the Proximus Art ASBL/VZW. He is board 
member of the Proximus Foundation and of Connectimmo. He is also member of the Orientation Council of 
Euronext, of the Strategic Committee of FEB/VBO, of the BBR (Benelux Business Roundtable) and of the 
Bureau of Eurometropole Lille-Kortrijk-Tournai. Before Proximus, he served as a Member of the Belgian 
Parliament from October 1990 until October 2013. From June 1995 until April 1998 and from December 
2008 until December 2011 he was the Belgian Minister of Justice. From 1999 until 2003 he was President of 
CD&V, the Flemish Christian-Democratic Party. He was the Mayor of the city of Kortrijk (Belgium) from 
January 2001 until end-December 2012. Mr De Clerck holds a Master’s degree in Law from the Catholic 
University of Leuven. 
Karel DE GUCHT 
Mr Karel De Gucht, State Minister, was the European Commissioner for Trade from February 2010 until 31 
October 2014, where he was pivotal in negotiating, concluding and managing several European Free Trade 
and Investment Agreements worldwide. Previously he served as Belgium’s Minister of Foreign Affairs from 
2004 to 2009, Deputy Prime Minister from 2008 to 2009, and as European Commissioner for International 
Cooperation, Humanitarian Aid and Crisis Response from 2009 to 2010. Currently he is the President of the 
Brussels School of Governance at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel (VUB) – his alma mater (Masters of Laws, 
1976) and where he teaches European Law. He serves as a Director on the Boards of ArcelorMittal SA, of 
EnergyVision, Youston (Chair) and of Sprimoglass and is a Member of the Advisory Board of CVC Capital 
Partners. He is also the manager of a family-run wine producing company in the Chianti region (Italy). 
Pierre DEMUELENAERE 
Until 31 August 2015, Mr Pierre Demuelenaere was President and CEO of IRIS (Image Recognition 
Integrated Systems), a company he co-founded in 1987 to commercialise the results of his PhD. 
Mr Demuelenaere has more than 30 years of experience in Imaging and Artificial Intelligence. He has 
accumulated solid experience in technology company management, R&D management and setting up 
international partnerships with US and Asian companies (HP, Kodak, Adobe, Fujitsu, Samsung, Canon, etc.). 
Throughout the years, he remained very involved in defining the R&D vision of IRIS and contributed to the 
development of new technologies, new products and the filing of a large number of patents. 
In 2013, Pierre Demuelenaere successfully negotiated the acquisition of IRIS Group by Canon. The company 
has now become a member of the Canon Group. 
Mr Demuelenaere holds a Civil Engineering degree in Microelectronics from the Université Catholique de 
Louvain (UCL) and received his PhD in Applied Sciences in 1987. He has received the “2001 Manager of the 
Year” award and the “2002 Entrepreneur of the Year” award. In 2008, Data News elected him “ICT 
personality of the year”. 
Amongst his other activities, in 2018 and 2019, he was Chairman of the Board of Directors and CEO ad 
interim of EVS Broadcast Equipment. He is also member of the Board of Directors of Guberna and Tessares, 
as well as Professor of management at the UCLouvain. He served for seven years as a director on the Board 
of Directors of BSB, an insurance and banking software company, for 23 years on the Board of Directors of 
Pairi Daiza and for ten years on the Board of Directors of e-capital, a venture capital fund.

--- Page 118 ---
118
Martin DE PRYCKER 
Mr De Prycker is a managing partner of the Qbic Fund, an inter-university fund of EUR 100 million, 
supporting university spin-off companies in Belgium. 
Mr De Prycker was CEO of Barco between 2002 and 2009. Under his leadership he focused on, and made the 
company grow in, markets using displays such as the medical, digital cinema, control and airline industry, and 
spinning off the non-core product lines such as graphics, textile and subcontracting.  
Prior to that, he was CTO and member of the Executive Committee of Alcatel-Lucent. Before becoming CTO 
of Alcatel-Lucent, Mr De Prycker was responsible for establishing the company’s worldwide market 
leadership in the broadband access market. Under his leadership, ADSL was transformed from a research 
project into a multi-billion dollar business for Alcatel-Lucent. 
Between 2009 and 2013 Mr De Prycker was CEO of Caliopa, a startup of UGent/IMEC in silicon photonics, 
allowing the transport of hundreds of Gbps on optical fiber; Caliopa was acquired by Huawei in 2013.
He is also a member of the Board of Directors of several companies, including EVS, Sentiance, Molecubes, 
Morrow and Faktion and Chairman of the Board of Calltic and Arkite. 
Mr De Prycker holds a Ph.D. in Computer Sciences, a Master of Science in Electronics from the University of 
Ghent, as well as an MBA from the University of Antwerp. 
Ibrahim OUASSARI 
Mr Ibrahim Ouassari is the founder and CEO of MolenGeek. After an atypical and self-taught career in 
technology, Ibrahim has established himself as an accomplished consultant in the sector since 1999. He then 
left the consulting industry to launch his entrepreneurial career with several companies and worked with 
clients from some of the largest and most renowned companies. 
It was his experience that led him to launch MolenGeek in May 2015, an inclusive international technological 
ecosystem that makes the “TechWorld” accessible. It is at that moment that Ibrahim took up one of his 
greatest challenges: to merge two worlds that do not meet. On the one hand, unsuspected talents from 
working-class neighborhoods and on the other hand, the world of technology. 
MolenGeek is an international solution that brings new perspectives to thousands of young people. Ibrahim 
combined his entrepreneurial tech experience and his knowledge of the field to reveal talents by introducing 
them to new technologies. He is supported by the greatest names in the tech industry, cited in Davos by 
Sundar Pichai, CEO of Google, after his visit to MolenGeek, and was also selected by the latter in WIRED 
UK as “innovator who is building a better future for 2021”. Google, Facebook, Salesforce, Amazon, Vmware 
or even Proximus are investing in MolenGeek. 
In 2018 Ibrahim was part as an expert of Horizon 2020 NMBP Advisory Group for DG Research & 
Innovation of the European Commission, whose mission is to help us notably to ensure impact of the R&I 
investments 2021-2027 in the fields of industrial technologies and improve societal involvement. 
Catherine RUTTEN 
Mrs Catherine Rutten is Vice-President International, Government Affairs & Public Policy at Vertex 
Pharmaceuticals since 1 July 2020. From September 2013 untill end of June 2020 she was CEO of pharma.be, 
the association of innovative biopharmaceutical companies in Belgium since 2013. From 2003 to 2013 she 
has been Member of the Council of the Belgian Institute for Postal Services and Telecommunications, the 
Belgian regulator for electronic communications, for the postal market, the electromagnetic spectrum of radio 
frequencies, and media regulator in the Brussels-Capital Regio. Prior to that, she worked as Director

--- Page 119 ---
119
Regulatory Affairs at the Belgian branch of BT. She started her career as a lawyer, member of the Brussels 
Bar, in 1994. She is member of the board of Women on Board. Mrs Rutten holds a Degree in Law from the 
University of Leuven and the University of Namur, a LL.M. in intellectual property law from the London 
School of Economics and Political Science and a LL.M. in European Law from the College of Europe. 
Joachim SONNE 
Mr Sonne has over 20 years of experience in Investment Banking. He is currently a senior advisor to 
AustralianSuper and a board advisor to a number of technology companies. Until September 2019, Mr Sonne 
served as Managing Director and Co-Head of the EMEA Telecom, Media and Technology Advisory Group in 
London at J.P. Morgan. He joined J.P. Morgan in London in 1998, worked from 2006 until 2010 in the 
Communications Group in New York and during 2010/2011 for the German M&A practice of J.P. Morgan in 
Frankfurt. 
Mr Sonne graduated with distinction from the European School of Management –EAP, Paris-Oxford-Berlin 
and holds a European MS in Business and Economics, a Diplom-Kaufmann and a Diplôme de Grande Ecole. 
Agnès TOURAINE 
Mrs Touraine is CEO of Act III Consultants, a management consulting firm dedicated to digital 
transformation.  
Previously, Mrs Touraine served as Chairman and CEO of Vivendi-Universal Publishing (video games and 
publishing), a $4.7 billion company, after having spent ten years with the Lagardère Group as Head of 
Strategy and CEO of the mass market division and five years with McKinsey.  
She graduated from Sciences-Po Paris and Columbia University (MBA). She sits on the Boards of Rexel SA, 
Tarkett SA, GBL, SNCF (since January 2020) and previously Darty Plc as well as Neopost SA. She is also 
member of non-profit organisations boards, such as The French-American Foundation and IDATE.  
Until July 2019, she has been Chairwoman of the Board of Directors of IFA (French Governance Institute). 
Catherine VANDENBORRE 
Mrs Vandenborre is Chief Financial Officer at Elia. Previously, she was a member of the executive 
committee of APX-ENDEX, the Anglo-Dutch gas and electricity exchange based in Amsterdam, and CEO of 
Belpex. She began her career at Coopers & Lybrand as an auditor. 
Mrs Vandenborre is member of various Boards, including Contassur, an insurance company.  
She holds a degree in Business Economics from the UCL as well as degrees in Tax Law and Financial Risk 
Management. 
Luc VAN DEN HOVE 
Mr Luc Van den hove is President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of imec since 1 July 2009. Before 
holding this position, he was Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. He joined imec in 1984, 
starting his research career in the field of interconnect technologies. In 1988, he became manager of imec’s 
micro-patterning group; in 1996, Department Director of Unit Process Step R&D; and in 1998, Vice-President 
of the Silicon Process and Device Technology Division. In January 2007, he was appointed as imec’s 
Executive Vice President & Chief Operating Officer (COO).  
Under his guidance imec has grown to an organisation with a staff of around 4,000 people, operating with an 
annual budget of around EUR 700 million (2021) and with offices in Belgium, the Netherlands, US, Japan, 
Taiwan, China and India.

--- Page 120 ---
120
Currently, Mr Luc Van den hove is also professor of Electrical Engineering at the University of Leuven. He is 
also a member of the Technology Strategy Committee of ASML. He has authored or co-authored more than 
150 publications and conference contributions. He is a frequently solicited speaker on technology trends and 
applications for nano-electronics at major top conferences. He has presented more than 50 keynote 
presentations. 
Mr Luc Van den hove received his Ph. D. in Electrical Engineering from the University of Leuven, Belgium. 
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Directors is the registered office of Proximus 
SA, Boulevard du Roi Albert II- Koning Albert II-laan 27, B-1030 Brussels. 
The Issuer is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the members of the Board 
of Directors of the Issuer and their private interests or others duties. 
Béatrice DE MAHIEU 
From 2019 until September 2021, Béatrice de Mahieu was the CEO of Co.Station Belgium (a tech startup co-
working and innovation hub) where she created and developed the open innovation business line (including 
open innovation ecosystems like IO.energy, co.mobility, co.food, co.building). She is now Head of Innovation 
at Nova Reperta.  
Since the start of her career in 1999, Béatrice de Mahieu has worked successively for large telecom, tech and 
media companies (Telenet, Microsoft, Elle Belgium...) where she contributed to the growth strategies and 
digital transformation.  
As of 2011, Béatrice de Mahieu started to work as a mentor and investor for technological and digital startups 
and guided them in their search for investors, the development of their strategy and the growth of these young 
companies. 
Béatrice de Mahieu is currently a board member of Fintech Belgium, Ambassify, Slim Regio Vlaanderen and 
Agoria Brussels and an external innovation board member for NMBS and Elia Group. She is also a co-
investor in the Internet Attitude investment fund.  
Being deeply socially engaged in the matter of digital inclusion, she regularly shows support and help towards 
initiatives related to this matter at the King Boudewijn Foundation and is board member of We Tech Care and 
United Fund for Belgium.  
Béatrice de Mahieu has a degree in Applied Communication – Advertising at the Institute for Higher Social 
Communication Studies (IHECS) and is co-author of “Pimento Map: evaluate the strength of your business 
plan” (2014) and “Shiftmakers: L’Art du (self)leadership dans les années 2020” (2022). 
Audrey HANARD 
Audrey Hanard is an Associate Partner at Dalberg Global Advisors, a mission-driven strategy advisory firm 
focusing on sustainable impact. She works with her clients, who are NGOs, UN agencies, governments and 
foundations to improve educational and employment outcomes globally by developing, implementing and 
measuring impactful strategies in support of inclusive development. In doing so she leverages 10+ years of 
experience advising corporate, government and philanthropic clients on those topics as a manager with 
McKinsey & Co, and with Telos Impact.  
Audrey Hanard is currently the Chair of the Board of Directors of bpost, the leading Belgian postal and e-
commerce operator working with 36,000 staff worldwide. She is also the President of Be education, an 
organisation supporting initiatives that contribute to improving the quality of education in Belgium. She

--- Page 121 ---
121
previously was President of the Friday Group, a think tank of young Belgian talents from different 
professional backgrounds determined to inspire Belgian policy through diversity.  
Audrey Hanard holds a MSc in Business Engineering from the Université Libre de Bruxelles (Solvay 
Brussels School, ULB) and a Master of Public Administration from Columbia University (School of 
International and Public Affairs). 
Claire TILLEKAERTS 
Since October 2006, Claire Tillekaerts has been the general manager of Flanders Investment & Trade, the 
government agency supporting Flemish companies in their effort to deploy business internationally abroad 
and assisting foreign companies seeking to set up business or expand operations in Flanders, the northernmost 
region of Belgium. From 1 May 2012 on, she was appointed CEO of FIT by the government of Flanders. 
Claire Tillekaerts has been an independent barrister at the Ghent Court of Law for two decades, along with a 
six year academic teaching commission at Ghent University. 
In 2001, she was commissioned to establish the law department at the Hogeschool Gent, in a bid to bring 
about the merger with other centers of higher education, an assignment combined a.o. with that of advisor at 
the creation of the Ghent University Association and with establishing international research fundings. 
Claire Tillekaerts holds a Master's degree in law and a postgraduate degree in Management Studies. 
She is member of the Board of Directors of the Nationale Delcrederedienst (Export Credit Agency), the 
Belgian Foreign Trade Agency (Vice-President), VLEVA (Flanders-Europe Liaison Agency), De Warande, 
Ghent University, CIFAL-Flanders, ORSI Academy and the Belgian National Orchestra and is President of 
the Board of Directors of the Flanders International Film Festival (Ghent), President of the Belgian National 
Bank Council of Regency and member of the Belgian National Bank Remuneration and Appointments 
Committee, even as member of the Belgian High Commission for  International Exhibitions. 
Committees of the Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors of Proximus has set up three committees: 

An Audit and Compliance Committee (the ACC) consisting of five non-executive Directors, the 
majority of whom are independent. The ACC meets at least once every quarter. Ms Catherine 
Vandenborre (Chairwoman), Messrs Stefaan De Clerck, Pierre Demuelenaere, Joachim Sonne, Karel 
De Gucht (as of January 2022) and Mrs Catherine Rutten are the current members of the ACC. In line 
with its charter, the ACC is chaired by an independent Director. The ACC’s role is to assist and advise 
the Board of Directors in its oversight of: 

the financial reporting process;

the efficiency of the systems for internal control and risk management;

Proximus’ internal audit function and its efficiency;

the quality, integrity and legal control of the statutory and consolidated accounts and the 
financial and non-financial statements of Proximus, including follow up of questions and 
recommendations made by the auditors;

the relationship with Proximus’ auditors and the assessment and monitoring of the 
independence of the auditors, 

Proximus’ compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and the compliance within 
Proximus with Company’s Code of Conduct and the Dealing Code.

--- Page 122 ---
122

A Nomination and Remuneration Committee (the NRC) consisting of at least three and a maximum 
of five Directors, the majority of which are independent. The current members are Messrs Stefaan De 
Clerck (Chairman), Martin De Prycker, Pierre Demuelenaere and Luc Van den hove. In line with its 
charter, this committee is chaired by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, who is an ex-officio 
member. The NRC meets at least four times a year and assists and advises the Board of Directors 
regarding: 

the nomination of candidates for appointment to the Board of Directors and the Board 
Committees;

the appointment of the Chief Executive Officer and of the members of the Executive 
Committee on proposal of the CEO;

the appointment of the Secretary General;

the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors and the Board Committees;

the remuneration of CEO and the members of the Executive Committee;

the annual review of the remuneration concept and strategy for all personnel, and specifically 
the compensation packages of the Leadership team;

the oversight of the decisions of the CEO with respect to the appointment, the dismissal and the 
compensation of management;

the preparation of the remuneration report and the presentation of that report at the annual 
shareholders’ meeting;

Corporate Governance matters. 

A Transformation and Innovation Committee (the TIC) (formerly the Strategic and Business 
Development Committee) consisting of maximum six Directors. In line with its charter, the Chief 
Executive Officer and the Chairman of the Board of Directors are ex-officio members, and the 
Committee is chaired by the Chairman of the Board of Directors. One additional member is chosen 
among the Directors appointed by the Belgian State. Three members must be appointed among the 
independent Directors. The current members are Mr Stefaan De Clerck (Chairman), Mr Martin De 
Prycker, Mr Karel De Gucht (until end of December 2021), Ibrahim Ouassari (as of January 2022), Ms 
Agnès Touraine and Mr Luc Van den hove. 
The TIC is a permanent committee of the Board of Directors, discussing those selected files that need 
preparatory reflection and need to mature before being brought to the Board of Directors for decision. 
The topics discussed at the TIC may be of diverse nature and will evolve over time depending on 
Proximus’ needs and could deal with matters concerning, among other things, technology, network, 
branding/marketing, transformation, HR skills and digitalisation. 
Chief Executive Officer 
The CEO is appointed by the Board of Directors, deciding by a normal majority vote. In line with the 1991 
Law and Proximus’ bylaws, the Chief Executive Officer is a member of the Board of Directors. The Chief 
Executive Officer and the Chairman of the Board of Directors must come from different language groups. 
In its meeting of 27 November 2019, the Board appointed Mr Guillaume Boutin as new CEO. The CEO is 
entrusted with day-to-day management and reports to the Board of Directors. The Board has moreover 
delegated broad powers to the CEO. The contract of Mr Guillaume Boutin is a renewable six-year fixed term 
contract that started on 1 December 2019.

--- Page 123 ---
123
The annual general meeting of 15 April 2020 extended his mandate as Board member until the annual general 
meeting to be held in 2024. 
Executive Committee 
The members of the Executive Committee are appointed and dismissed by the Board of Directors on proposal 
of the Chief Executive Officer, after consultation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee. The 
powers of the Executive Committee are determined by the Chief Executive Officer. 
The Executive Committee’s role is to assist the CEO in the exercise of his duties. 
The Executive Committee aims to decide by consensus, but in the event of disagreement, the view of the CEO 
will prevail. The Executive Committee generally meets on a weekly basis. The CEO serves as a member of 
the Executive Committee, which he chairs. 
The current members of the Executive Committee, in addition to the CEO, are as follows: 
Name 
Age 
Position 
Guillaume Boutin 
47 
Chief Executive Officer 
Jan Van Acoleyen 
59 
Chief Human Resources Officer 
Geert Standaert 
51 
Chief Technology Officer  
Anne-Sophie Lotgering  
47 
Chief Enterprise Market Officer 
Dirk Lybaert 
61 
Chief Corporate Affairs Officer 
Renaud Tilmans 
53 
Chief Customer Operation Officer 
Jim Casteele  
50 
Chief Consumer Market Officer 
Mark Reid (from May 2021) 
50 
Chief Financial Officer 
Antonietta Mastroianni (from April 
2021) 
48 
Chief Digital & IT Officer 
Dirk LYBAERT 
Mr Dirk Lybaert is Chief Corporate Affairs Officer & Secretary General of Proximus and has the following 
responsibilities: Legal, Regulatory, Public Affairs, Group Communications, Internal Audit & Risk 
Management, Security Governance & Investigations, Corporate Prevention & Protection, Reputation & 
Sustainability and Data Protection. 
Mr Lybaert was Secretary General of Belgacom from 2005 to 2014. From 1995 until 2007, he was an 
assistant at the Law Faculty of the University of Brussels for the “Named Contracts” course. From 2000 to 
2005 he held different positions within the legal department of Belgacom. 
Prior to joining Belgacom, Mr Lybaert served as an officer with the Federal Police, where he reached the 
position of Lieutenant-Colonel and director of the Anti-Terrorism Program. 
Mr Lybaert is a member of the Board of Directors of BICS, Telesign, Proximus Foundation, Proximus Art, 
Proximus Opal and MWingz. He also has external mandates at Aquafin, Bednet and Voka. 
Mr Lybaert holds a Master’s degree in Criminology from the University of Ghent, Law from the University of 
Brussels (VUB) and Business Law from the University of Antwerp, and degrees in Advanced Management 
and Social and Military Sciences.

--- Page 124 ---
124
Geert STANDAERT 
Mr Geert Standaert is Chief Technology Officer. He has been a member of the Executive Committee since 
March 2012. In this function, he currently oversees the Network Business Unit, overseeing all Network, Telco 
Platform & Infrastructure, Service Engineering & Operations for the Group including Carrier & Wholesale 
activities. 
Mr Standaert joined the Group in 1994 and held director positions in various disciplines, including IT, 
Infrastructure Operations and Data Operations before becoming Vice President Customer Operations in 2007. 
Mr Standaert is also a Board member of Synductis, Fiberklaar, Unifiber and OLV hospital Aalst. 
Mr Standaert holds a Master’s degree in Civil Engineering from the University of Ghent (RUG). 
Renaud TILMANS 
Mr Renaud Tilmans joined the Executive Committee as Chief Customer Operations Officer of Proximus in 
May 2014. In this function, he works with his teams to align procedures and create synergies between the 
operational after-sales activities of the different Business Units. Mr Tilmans is also in charge of transversal 
growth opportunities in the field of eHealth and eEducation. 
Mr Tilmans joined Belgacom in 1993. He held various director positions in the field of ICT and networks 
before becoming Vice President Customer Operations of the Business Unit Service Delivery Engine & 
Wholesale in 2012. 
Within the Proximus Group, Mr Tilmans is since 26 September 2019 Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Proximus Luxemburg. He is also member of the Board of Fiberklaar. 
Mr Tilmans is a civil engineer from the UCL (Louvain-la-Neuve) and holds degrees in IT and management. 
Jan VAN ACOLEYEN 
Mr Jan Van Acoleyen is Chief Human Resources Officer of Proximus. He joined Proximus in May 2016, 
after a long career with various international HR management roles, mainly in high-tech companies such as 
Alcatel, Agfa-Gevaert and Barco. As a HR leader, he acquired extensive experience in organisational and 
corporate culture transformations. 
Mr Van Acoleyen has a Master’s degree in Educational Studies from Leuven University and an Executive 
MBA from Antwerp Management School (University of Antwerp).  
He is an independent member of the Board of Directors of SD Worx and member of the Board of 
Experience@Work. Within the Proximus group he is board member of BICS, MWingz, Proximus Foundation, 
Proximus Pension Fund and is Chairman of the Remuneration Committee of BICS as well as Chairman of the 
Board of Be-Mobile.  
Anne-Sophie LOTGERING 
Mrs Anne-Sophie Lotgering is Proximus’ Chief Enterprise Market Officer since July 2020.  
Previously, she was Chief Marketing and Digital Officer, Customer Marketing and Innovation at Orange 
Business Services. During her career with the Orange Group, Mrs Lotgering held various senior positions in 
business-to-business sales, marketing and strategy for more than 15 years. She was also General Manager for 
Central & Eastern Europe at Microsoft Services.  
She is Board member of Proximus Luxembourg, Belgian Mobile ID and Chairwoman of Proximus ICT. 
Mrs Lotgering is a graduate of the Sorbonne in Paris.

--- Page 125 ---
125
Jim CASTEELE 
Mr Jim Casteele is Chief Consumer Market Officer of Proximus since 1 March 2020. He already assumed 
this post ad interim on 2 December 2019. 
He started his career at Siemens Atea and joined the former Belgacom Group in 1997. Before being appointed 
as Director Consumer Products & Solutions and Innovation in January 2017, he held several management and 
director positions within the Proximus Group in various disciplines such as strategy & innovation, product 
management, partnerships and pricing. 
He is Board member of Proximus Luxembourg and also Chairman of the Boards of Proximus Media House, 
Scarlet Belgium and Mobile Vikings. 
Mr Casteele holds a degree as Civil Engineer in Electronics (University of Ghent) as well as a degree in 
General Management (Vlerick Leuven Ghent Management School). 
Mark REID 
Mr Mark Reid is Proximus’ Chief Financial Officer since May 2021. 
Before joining Proximus, Mark served as the Chief Financial Officer of the Central European Region of 
Liberty Global, based in Zurich for 5 years.  Prior to that role he was Deputy CFO at Virgin Media in London, 
also part of the Liberty Global family.  He has held Senior Financial roles in International Telecom, Digital 
Media & Travel companies for over 20 years and has worked in Switzerland, UK & the US. 
He is Board member of BICS, TeleSign and the Proximus Pension Fund. 
Mr Reid holds an Honors Degree in Aeronautical Engineering from Glasgow University. He’s a Chartered 
Accountant with the certification from the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (CIMA). 
Antonietta MASTROIANNI 
Mrs Antonietta Mastroianni is Chief Digital & IT Officer since April 2021. 
Antonietta Mastroianni has been a member of Proximus Exco since April 2021. Before joining Proximus, she 
was Group CIO and CDIO at the Danish TDC, Head of IT and Business Partner at Swiss Sunrise, and she had 
several roles in Swisscom and H3G Italy.  
She is an influential IT leader with 20 years of international Telecom experience in leveraging technology to 
drive organisational growth, performance and profitability. She focuses on digital and agile transformation, 
the impact of leading-edge technology on business, technology and product innovation as well as IT and 
Telco transformation. She has worked in different European countries (Italy, Switzerland, Denmark and 
Belgium) and is Council member of Etis, for which she previously acted as member of the Management 
board. Currently she also holds the VC seat in the Board of Directors of Gaia-X. 
Antonietta Mastroianni studied Computer and Automation Engineering at the university of Siena and she is a 
member of the Order of Engineers of the province of Caserta. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE CAPITAL OF PROXIMUS 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of Proximus amounts to EUR 1 billion (fully paid up), 
represented by 338,025,135 shares, with no par value and all having the same rights, provided such rights are 
not suspended or cancelled in the case of treasury shares. 
Distribution of retained earnings of Proximus, the parent company, is limited by a restricted reserve built up 
in previous years in accordance with Belgian Companies Code up to 10% of Proximus’ issued capital.

--- Page 126 ---
126
Proximus has a statutory obligation to distribute 5% of the parent company income before taxes to its 
employees. In the accompanying consolidated financial statements, this profit distribution is accounted for as 
personnel expenses. 
On 24 February 2005, the Board of Directors decided to conduct a share buy-back for a maximum amount of 
EUR 300 million and for a share price that must not be more than 5% above the highest and 10% below the 
lowest closing price in the thirty-day trading period preceding the transaction. The program was launched in 
May 2005 and completed on 17 August 2005. In total, Proximus bought 10,613,234 shares on the stock 
exchange at an average price per share of EUR 28.27. 
On 25 August 2006, the Board of Directors decided to conduct a share buy-back for a maximum amount of 
EUR 200 million that started on 28 August 2006 and was completed on 11 October 2006. In total, 6,782,656 
shares were bought on the stock exchange at an average price per share of EUR 29.49. 
On 11 April 2007, the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders approved the cancellation of 
23,750,000 treasury shares with a value of EUR 644 million, of which 7,450,000 with dividend rights and 
16,300,000 without dividend rights. 
On 18 October 2007, the Board of Directors decided to conduct a share buy-back for a maximum amount of 
EUR 230 million that started on 13 November 2007 and was completed on 3 March 2008. In total, 7,038,765 
shares were bought on the stock exchange at an average price per share of EUR 32.68. 
On 24 July 2008, the Group decided to conduct a share buyback for a maximum amount of EUR 200 million. 
The program was launched on 4 August 2008 and finalised on 26 November 2008. The Group bought back 
7,379,925 shares at an average price of EUR 27.10. 
In 2011, Proximus performed a share buyback of EUR 100 million split over 2 tranches of EUR 50 million 
each. In total, 4,300,975 shares were bought on the stock exchange at an average price of EUR 23.25. 
On 23 October 2011, the Board of Directors approved the conversion of 2,025,774 treasury shares without 
dividend rights into treasury shares entitled to dividend rights. 
The voting and dividend rights in respect of shares acquired in 2003 and 2004 owned by Proximus itself are 
suspended while the voting and dividend rights in respect of shares acquired by Proximus in 2005 to 2011 
have been cancelled. 
As a result of the buy-backs, Proximus holds 15,334,000 or 4.54% of the total shares on 31 March 2022, of 
which 693,702 with suspended dividend rights and 14,640,298 without dividend rights. These treasury shares 
will be kept by Proximus to cover existing and future employee incentive plans.  
Dividends allocated to treasury shares entitled to dividend rights are accounted for under the caption 
“Reserves not available for distribution” in the statutory financial statements of Proximus SA. 
Discounted Share Purchase plans 
In 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 
and 2021, the Group launched Discounted Share Purchase Plans (hereafter DSPP). Under the 2004 plan, 
Proximus sold 1,842,026 shares to all employees with a discount of 16.67% compared to the issuance price of 
the initial public offering (EUR 24.50 per share). Under the 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 
2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021 plans, Proximus sold respectively 139,198, 
138,549, 134,649, 125,143, 221,238, 294,304, 277,474, 208,433, 219,935, 1,321, 1,047, 9,773, 6,263, 14,431, 
3,033, 3,092 and 6,438 shares to the senior management of the Group at a discount of 16.67% compared to 
the market price (respectively EUR 29.92, EUR 25.95, EUR 32.71, EUR 29.14, EUR 22.71, EUR 22.04, EUR 
20.85, EUR 18.56, EUR 14.51, EUR 19.91, EUR 26.72, from EUR 22.94 to 23.82 per share in 2016, from

--- Page 127 ---
127
EUR 24.74 to 26.00 in 2017, from EUR 19.18 to 23.12 in 2018, from EUR 20.64 to 21.35 in 2019, for EUR 
15.54 in 2020 and for EUR 14.14 in 2021). The cost of the discount amounted to EUR 8 million in 2004, 
EUR 0.7 million in 2005, EUR 0.6 million in 2006, EUR 0.7 million in 2007, EUR 0.6 million in 2008, EUR 
0.8 million in 2009, EUR 0.9 million in 2010, EUR 1.2 million in 2011, EUR 0.6 million in 2012, EUR 0.7 
million in 2013, below EUR 1 million in 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021 and was 
recorded in the income statement as workforce expenses. 
Performance Value Plan 
In 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018, Proximus launched different tranches of the “Performance Value 
Plan” for its senior management. Under this Long-Term Performance Value Plan, the awards granted are 
conditional upon a blocked period of three years after which the Performance Values vest. The rights 
potentially exercised are dependent on the achievement of market conditions based on Proximus’ Total 
Shareholder Return compared to a group of peer companies. The design of this Performance Value Plan has 
been reviewed. 
After the vesting the period rights can be exercised for four years. The settlement method in equity or cash is 
defined at grant date. In case of voluntary leave during the vesting period, all the non-vested rights and the 
vested rights not exercised are forfeited. In case of involuntary leave or retirement, except for serious cause, 
the rights continue to vest during the normal three year vesting period. 
The group determines the fair value of the arrangement at the inception date and the cost is linearly spread 
over the vesting period with corresponding increase in equity for equity settled and liability for cash settled 
shared based payments. 
For cash settled share-based payment the liability is periodically re-measured. 
The fair value as per 31 December 2021 amounts to EUR 0 million for each tranche. The annual charge for 
the tranches 2013 until 2017 is nil and for the tranches 2017 and 2018 tranches amounts to respectively EUR 
0.4 million and EUR 0.5 million. The calculation of simulated total shareholder return under the Monte Carlo 
model for the remaining time in the performance period for awards with market conditions included the 
following assumptions as of and 31 December 2021: 
As of 
31 December
31 December
2020
2021
Weighted average risk free rate of return 
-0.55%
-0.38%
Expected volatility – company 
26.53% – 27.05% 24.27% – 24.84%
Expected volatility – peer companies 
15.33% – 41.43% 12.03% – 49.51%
Weighted average remaining measurement period 
2.15
1.65
In 2019, 2020 and 2021, Proximus launched a tranche of the changed “Performance Value Plan” for its senior 
management. Under this changed Long-Term Performance Value Plan, the granted awards are conditional 
upon a blocked period of three years after which the Performance Values vest. The possible exercising rights 
are dependent on an extended number of KPIs which are the composed of Proximus’ Total Shareholder 
Return compared to a group of peer companies (40%), the group Free Cash Flow (40%) and the Reputation 
Index (20%). The final KPI is the average of the intermediary calculations of the three calendar years. The fair

--- Page 128 ---
128
value of the tranches 2019, 2020 and 2021 amounted respectively to EUR 6.3 million and EUR 1 million as 
of 31 December 2021 based on actual calculation. The annual charge of these tranches amounted to 
EUR 1 million. 
Authorised capital and acquisition of own shares 
The Board of Directors of Proximus is authorised to increase the capital in one or more steps by a maximum 
amount of EUR 200,000,000. This authorisation was valid for 5 years after the publication in the Belgian 
Official Gazette (which took place on 3 May 2021). When deciding to increase the capital within the 
framework of the authorised capital, the Board of Directors of Proximus is authorised to cancel or restrict the 
preferential subscription rights of existing shareholders. All such resolutions of the Board of Directors of 
Proximus require a two-thirds majority of the members present or represented. 
All issues of shares, convertible bonds or warrants are subject to prior approval by the Belgian State (by 
Royal Decree deliberated in the Council of Ministers). No such issues may be made to persons other than 
public authorities if, as a result of the issue, the public authorities’ direct participation in the share capital at 
the time of the issue would no longer exceed 50% of the share capital, except in cases where Article 54/7 §1 
of the Law of 21 March 1991 applies. 
The Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of Proximus of 21 April 2021 decided to authorise the Board of 
Directors of Proximus to acquire shares of Proximus, provided that the fractional value of the Proximus 
shares held does not exceed the legally allowed maximum of number of shares of Proximus’ capital and 
subject to a price range of a minimum of 10% below and a maximum of 5% above the closing price for a 
Proximus share on Euronext Brussels in a 30-day period prior to the purchase. This authorisation is valid until 
21 April 2026 (i.e., for a period of five years as from 21 April 2021). 
According to Article 13 of Proximus’ Articles of Association, the Board of Directors of Proximus is 
authorised, without the prior agreement of Proximus’ Shareholders’ Meeting, to sell the Proximus shares 
which Proximus has in its possession on the stock exchange. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE DEBT INSTRUMENTS OF PROXIMUS 
In 2013, Proximus issued two privately placed bonds denominated in EUR: 

In March 2013 a EUR 150 million with a maturity of 15 years at a fixed rate of 3.19% 

In May 2013 a EUR 100 million with a maturity of 10 years at a fixed rate of 2.256% 
In March 2014, an institutional bond for a nominal amount of EUR 600 million was issued with a maturity of 
ten years at a fixed rate with a coupon of 2.375%. 
In October 2015, an institutional bond for a nominal amount of EUR 500 million was issued with a maturity 
of ten years at a fixed rate with a coupon of 1.875%. 
On 7 March 2018, Proximus announced that it acquired a EUR 400 million loan from the European 
Investment Bank for the transformation of its fixed network. This new bullet loan started on 15 March 2018 
and will mature on 15 March 2028 with yearly interest payments on every March 15th. 
On 27 February 2019, Proximus agreed to a private placement with an institutional investor for an amount of 
EUR 100 million. The notes have been issued on 8 March 2019 and will mature in September 2031. The notes 
have an annual fixed coupon of 1.75%. 
In 2020, Proximus issued a 20 year private placement note (under its EMTN Programme) of EUR 150 million 
starting 14 May 2020 with an annual fixed coupon of 1.5%.

--- Page 129 ---
129
In November 2021, Proximus issued its inaugural institutional green bond for a nominal amount of EUR 750 
million with a maturity of fifteen years at a fixed rate with a coupon of 0.75%. As set out in the press release 
of the Issuer dated 10 November 2021, proceeds of the green bond were also used for general corporate 
purposes, including the refinancing of existing debt and the EUR 500 million bond which matured in March 
2022. In accordance with its Sustainable Finance Framework and as from the date of the inaugural green bond 
issuance, the Issuer has endeavoured to maintain Eligible Projects in its portfolio for an amount equal to at 
least the net proceeds of the issuance. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not able to indicate 
to which Eligible Projects specifically the amount equal to the net proceeds of this green bond has been 
allocated. An allocation and impact report is expected to be published before November 2022, in accordance 
with the Issuer’s Sustainable Finance Framework. 
Current outstanding EMTN bonds: 
Amount 
Tenor 
Maturity 
Coupon 
ISIN 
100M EUR
10 years
22 May 2023
2.256%
BE6252911977
600M EUR
10 years
4 April 2024
2.375%
BE6265262327
500M EUR
10 years
1 October 2025
1.875%
BE0002237064
150M EUR
15 years
20 March 2028
3.19%
BE6251142749
100M EUR
12.5 years
8 September 2031
1.75%
BE0002639202
750M EUR
15 years
17 November 2036
0.75%
BE0002830116
150M EUR
20 years
14 May 2040
1.50%
BE0002697788
Current outstanding Yen bonds (private placements): 
Amount 
Tenor 
Maturity 
Coupon 
ISIN 
1500M YEN
30 years
16 December 2026
-
BE007199961
Additional Information 
Registered Office: 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II/Koning Albert II-laan, 27 
1030 Brussels, Belgium 
VAT BE 0202.239.951, Brussels Register of Legal Entities 
For Financial Information: 
Investor Relations 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II/Koning Albert II-laan, 27 
1030 Brussels, Belgium 
Tel: + 32 2 202 82 41

--- Page 130 ---
130
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Selected Consolidated Financial Information of the Proximus Group15
BALANCE SHEET (in EUR millions) 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2021 
 
ASSETS ............................................................................
8,779
9,233
NON-CURRENT ASSETS ............................................
7,120
7,548
CURRENT ASSETS ......................................................
1,660
1,685
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY ........................................
8,779
9,233
EQUITY .........................................................................
3,026
2,978
Shareholders’ equity ....................................................
2,903
2,978
Non-controlling interests .............................................
123
0
NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES ....................................
3,639
3,779
CURRENT LIABILITIES ..............................................
2,114
2,475
INCOME STATEMENT (in EUR millions) 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2021 
TOTAL INCOME ...........................................................
5,481
5,579
Net revenue .....................................................................
5,443
5,537
Other operating income ..................................................
38
42
TOTAL OPERATING CHARGES, excluding 
depreciation & amortisation ..........................................
-3,559
-3,751
Costs of materials and charges to revenue ......................
-1,901
-1,997
Workforce expenses ........................................................
-1,128
-1,200
Non-workforce expenses ................................................
-530
-554
OPERATING INCOME before depreciation & 
amortisation .....................................................................
1,922
1,828
15 All financials and like-for-like comparisons related to the Group and segments are provided under IFRS16 for 2020 and 2021, unless stated 
otherwise.

--- Page 131 ---
131
Depreciation and amortisation ........................................
-1,116
-1,183
OPERATING INCOME .................................................
805
645
Finance revenue ..............................................................
8
4
Finance costs ..................................................................
-56
-58
NET FINANCE COSTS .................................................
-48
-54
SHARE OF LOSS ON ASSOCIATES & JOINT 
VENTURES .....................................................................
-1
-10
INCOME BEFORE TAXES ...........................................
756
581
Tax expense ....................................................................
-174
-137
NET INCOME .................................................................
582
445
Non-controlling interests ................................................
18
1
Net income (Group share) ..............................................
564
443
CASH FLOW STATEMENT (in EUR millions) 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2021 
Cash flow from operating activities...............................
Net income  .......................................................................
582
445
Operating cash flow before working capital changes...
1,715
1,634
(Increase) / decrease in working capital, net of 
acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries .........................
-201
-13
Net cash flow provided by operating activities .............
1,515
1,621
Net cash (used in) / provided by investing activities.........
-1,081
-1,305
Cash flow before financing activities.............................
434
316
Lease payments
-82
-79
Free cash flow 
352
237
Net cash (used in) / provided by financing activities ........
-363
-299
Net increase / (decrease) of cash and cash equivalents.
-13
-62
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January.............................
323
310
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period .................
310
249

--- Page 132 ---
132
STRUCTURE OF THE GROUP
The below structure chart shows the structure of the Group as at 31 January 2022.

--- Page 133 ---
133
TAXATION
The tax legislation in force in the jurisdiction of a potential investor, in the Issuer’s country of incorporation 
(i.e., Belgium) and in any other relevant jurisdiction may have an impact on the income which may be 
received from the Notes. The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Belgium 
as of the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law, potentially with a retroactive 
effect. The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. Each 
prospective Noteholder or beneficial owner of Notes should consult its tax advisor as to the Belgian tax 
consequences of any investment in, or ownership and disposition of, the Notes or that of any other relevant 
jurisdiction. 
Belgium 
The following is a general description of the main Belgian tax consequences of acquiring, holding, redeeming 
and/or disposing of the Notes. It is restricted to the matters of Belgian taxation stated herein and is intended 
neither as tax advice nor as a comprehensive description of all Belgian tax consequences associated with or 
resulting from any of the aforementioned transactions. 
Prospective investors are urged to consult their own tax advisors concerning the detailed and overall tax 
consequences of acquiring, holding, redeeming and/or disposing of the Notes. 
The summary provided below is based on the information provided elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and on 
Belgium’s tax laws, regulations, resolutions and other public rules with legal effect, and the interpretation 
thereof under published case law, all as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and with the exception of 
subsequent amendments possibly with retroactive effect. 
For the purpose of the summary below, a Belgian resident is, (a) an individual subject to Belgian personal 
income tax (i.e. an individual who has his domicile in Belgium or has his seat of wealth in Belgium, or a 
person assimilated to a Belgian resident), (b) a legal entity subject to Belgian corporate income tax (i.e. a 
company that has its main establishment, or its seat of effective management or control in Belgium and that is 
not excluded from corporate income tax), or (c) a legal entity subject to Belgian legal entities tax (i.e. an 
entity other than a legal entity subject to corporate income tax having its main establishment, or its seat of 
effective management or control in Belgium). A non-resident is a person who is not a Belgian resident. 
Belgian withholding tax 
Interest payments in respect of the Notes will be subject to Belgian withholding tax, currently at a rate of 30% 
on the gross amount of the interest, subject to such relief as may be available under applicable domestic law 
or applicable tax treaties.  
In this regard, interest includes (i) periodic interest income, (ii) any amounts paid by the Issuer in excess of 
the issue price (upon full or partial redemption whether or not at maturity, or upon purchase by the Issuer) and 
(iii) in case of a disposal of the Notes between two interest payment dates to any third party, excluding the 
Issuer, the pro rata of accrued interest corresponding to the holding period. 
Under Belgian domestic law, however, payments of interest in respect of the Notes may normally be made 
without deduction of withholding tax in respect of the Notes if and as long as at the moment of payment or 
attribution of interest they are held by certain eligible investors (the Eligible Investors) in an exempt 
securities account (an Exempt Account) that has been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or 
indirect participant (a Participant) in the Securities Settlement System. Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS,

--- Page 134 ---
134
Monte Titoli, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France and LuxCSD are directly or indirectly Participants 
for this purpose. 
Holding the notes through the Securities Settlement System enables Eligible Investors to receive gross interest 
income on their Notes and to transfer Notes on a gross basis. 
Participants to the Securities Settlement System must enter the Notes which they hold on behalf of Eligible 
Investors in an Exempt Account and those they hold for the account of non-Eligible Investors on a non-
exempt account (a Non-Exempt Account). Payments of interest made through Exempt Accounts are free of 
withholding tax; payments of interest made through Non-Exempt Accounts are subject to a withholding tax of 
30%, which the National Bank of Belgium deducts from the payment and pays over to the tax authorities. 
Eligible Investors are those entities referred to in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on 
the deduction of withholding tax (koninklijk besluit van 26 mei 1994 over de inhouding en de vergoeding van 
de roerende voorheffing/arrêté royal du 26 mai 1994 relatif à la perception et à la bonification du précompte 
mobilier) and include, inter alia: 
1.
Belgian companies as referred to in Article 2, §1, 5°, b) of the Income Tax Code of 1992 (wetboek van 
inkomstenbelastingen 1992/ code des impôts sur les revenus 1992) (the Tax Code);
2.
institutions, associations or companies specified in Article 2, §3 of the Law of 9 July 1975 on the 
control of insurance companies other than those referred to in 1° and 3°, and without prejudice to the 
application of Article 262, 1° and 5° of the Tax Code;
3.
state-linked social security organisations (parastatalen/institutions parastatales) and institutions 
assimilated thereto specified in Article 105, 2° of the Royal Decree of 27 August 1993 implementing 
the Tax Code (koninklijk besluit tot uitvoering van het wetboek inkomstenbelastingen 1992/arrêté royal 
d’exécution du code des impôts sur les revenus 1992);
4.
non-resident investors as specified in Article 105, 5° of the same Decree;
5.
investment funds, recognised in the framework of pension savings, provided for in Article 115 of the 
same Decree;
6.
companies, associations and other taxpayers within the meaning of Article 227, 2° of the Tax Code 
which have used the income generating capital for the exercise of their professional activities in 
Belgium and which are subject to non-resident income tax in accordance with Article 233 of the same 
Code;
7.
the Belgian State in respect of investments which are exempt from withholding tax in accordance with 
Article 265 of the Tax Code;
8.
investment funds governed by foreign law which are an indivisible estate managed by a management 
company for the account of the participants provided that the fund units are not publicly issued in 
Belgium or traded in Belgium;
9.
Belgian resident companies not referred to under 1° above, when their activities exclusively or 
principally consist of the granting of credits and loans. 
Eligible Investors do not include, inter alios, Belgian resident investors who are individuals or non-profit 
making organisations, other than those mentioned under 2° and 3° above. 
The above categories only summarise the detailed definitions contained in Article 4 of the Royal Decree of 
26 May 1994, as amended, to which investors should refer for a precise description of the relevant eligibility 
rules.

--- Page 135 ---
135
Transfers of Notes between an Exempt Account and a Non-Exempt Account may give rise to certain 
adjustment payments on account of withholding tax: 
•
a transfer from a Non-Exempt Account (to an Exempt Account or a Non-Exempt Account) gives rise 
to the payment by the transferor non-Eligible Investor to the National Bank of Belgium of withholding 
tax on the accrued fraction of interest calculated from the last interest payment date up to the transfer 
date;
•
a transfer (from an Exempt Account or a Non-Exempt Account) to a Non-Exempt Account gives rise 
to the refund by the National Bank of Belgium to the transferee non-Eligible Investor of withholding 
tax on the accrued fraction of interest calculated from the last interest payment date up to the transfer 
date; and
•
a transfer of Notes between two Exempt Accounts does not give rise to any adjustment on account of 
withholding tax. 
Upon opening of an Exempt Account with the Securities Settlement System or with a Participant, an Eligible 
Investor is required to provide a statement of its eligible status on a form approved by the Belgian Minister of 
Finance and send it to the Participant where this account is kept. There are no ongoing declaration 
requirements for Eligible Investors, save that they need to inform the Participants of any changes to the 
information contained in the statement of their eligible status. However, Participants are required to annually 
provide the National Bank of Belgium with listings of investors who have held an Exempt Account during the 
preceding calendar year.  
An Exempt Account may be opened with a Participant by an intermediary (an Intermediary) in respect of 
Notes that the Intermediary holds for the account of its clients (the Beneficial Owners), provided that each 
Beneficial Owner is an Eligible Investor. In such a case, the Intermediary must deliver to the Participant a 
statement on a form approved by the Belgian Minister of Finance confirming that (i) the Intermediary is itself 
an Eligible Investor and (ii) the Beneficial Owners holding their Notes through it are also Eligible Investors. A 
Beneficial Owner is also required to deliver a statement of its eligible status to the Intermediary.  
These reporting and identification requirements do not apply to Notes held by Eligible Investors in central 
securities depositaries as defined in Article 2, 1st paragraph, (1) of Regulation (EU) N° 909/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement in the European 
Union and on central securities depositories and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and 
Regulation (EU) No 236/2012 (CSD), acting as participants to the Securities Settlement System (each, a 
NBB-CSD), provided that the relevant NBB-CSD only hold Exempt Accounts and that they are able to 
identify the Noteholders for whom they hold Notes in such account. For the identification requirements not to 
apply, it is furthermore required that the contracts which were concluded by the relevant NBB-CSDs acting as 
participants include the commitment that all their clients, holder of an account, are Eligible Investors. 
Hence, these identification requirements do not apply to Notes held in Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, 
Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France, LuxCSD or any other NBB-CSD, 
provided that (i) they only hold Exempt Accounts, (ii) they are able to identify the Noteholders for whom they 
hold Notes in such account and (iii) the contractual rules agreed upon by them include the contractual 
undertaking that their clients and account owners are all Eligible Investors.  
In accordance with the NBB-CSD, a Noteholder who is withdrawing Notes from an Exempt Account will, 
following the payment of interest on those Notes, be entitled to claim an indemnity from the Belgian tax 
authorities of an amount equal to the withholding on the interest payable on the Notes from the last preceding 
Interest Payment Date until the date of withdrawal of the Notes from the NBB-CSD. 
Belgian tax on income and capital gains

--- Page 136 ---
136
Belgian resident individuals 
For Belgian resident individuals subject to Belgian personal income tax (personenbelasting/impôt des 
personnes physiques) and holding Notes as a private investment, payment of the 30% withholding tax fully 
discharges them from their personal income tax liability with respect to these interest payments. This means 
that they do not have to declare interest in respect of the Notes in their personal income tax return, provided 
that Belgian withholding tax has effectively been levied on the interest. 
Nevertheless, Belgian resident individuals may elect to declare interest in respect of the Notes in their 
personal income tax return. Interest income which is declared this way will in principle be taxed at a flat rate 
of 30% (or at the relevant progressive personal income tax rate(s) taking into account the taxpayer’s other 
declared income, whichever is more beneficial) and no local surcharges will be due. The Belgian withholding 
tax levied may be credited against the taxpayer’s personal income tax liability. 
Any capital gain realised upon the disposal of Notes will in principle be tax exempt, except to the extent the 
tax authorities can prove that the capital gains are realised outside the scope of the normal management of 
one’s private estate (in which case they are taxed at a rate of 33% plus local municipal surcharges) or except 
to the extent they qualify as interest (as defined above). Capital losses realised upon the disposal of the Notes 
held as a non-professional investment are in principle not deductible. 
Different rules apply for Belgian resident individuals holding the Notes as a professional investment. 
Belgian resident companies 
For a Belgian company subject to Belgian corporate income tax (vennootschapsbelasting/impôt des sociétés), 
all interest derived from the Notes and any capital gain on a transfer of Notes will form part of its taxable 
basis. The standard corporate income tax rate in Belgium is 25%. Small and medium-sized companies are 
taxable at the reduced corporate income tax rate of 20% on the first tranche of taxable profits of 
EUR 100,000, subject to certain conditions. 
Any retained Belgian interest withholding tax will generally, subject to certain conditions, be creditable 
against any corporate income tax due and the excess amount will in principle be refundable. Capital losses 
realised upon the disposal of the Notes are, in principle, tax deductible. 
Other tax rules apply to companies subject to a special tax regime, such as investment companies within the 
meaning of Article 185bis of the Tax Code. 
Belgian resident legal entities 
For a Belgian resident legal entity subject to legal entities income tax (rechtspersonenbelasting/impôt des 
personnes morales), the withholding tax on interest will constitute the final tax in respect of such income. 
Belgian resident legal entities holding the Notes in an Non-Exempt Account or which do not qualify as 
Eligible Investors will be subject to a withholding tax of currently 30% on interest payments. They do not 
have to declare the interest obtained on the Notes. 
Belgian resident legal entities which qualify as Eligible Investors and which therefore have received gross 
interest income without deduction for or on account of Belgian withholding tax, due to the fact that they hold 
the Notes through an Exempt Account with the Securities Settlement System, will have to declare the interest 
and pay the applicable withholding tax to the Belgian Treasury themselves. 
Capital gains realised upon the disposal of Notes are in principle tax exempt, unless the capital gain qualifies 
as interest (as defined above). Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible.

--- Page 137 ---
137
Organisations for Financing Pensions 
Interest and capital gains derived by Organisations for Financing Pensions in the meaning of the Law of 27 
October 2006 on the activities and supervision for occupational retirement provision are in principle exempt 
from Belgian corporate income tax. Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. Subject to certain 
conditions, any Belgian withholding tax that has been levied can be credited against any corporate income tax 
due and any excess amount is in principle refundable. 
Non-residents of Belgium 
Non-residents who use the Notes to exercise a professional activity in Belgium through a permanent 
establishment are in principle subject to the same tax rules as the Belgian resident companies (see above). 
Noteholders who are non-residents of Belgium for Belgian tax purposes, who do not hold the Notes through a 
Belgian establishment and who do not invest in the Notes in the course of their Belgian professional activity 
will not incur or become liable for any Belgian tax on income or capital gains solely by virtue of the 
acquisition, ownership or disposal of the Notes, provided that they qualify as Eligible Investors and that they 
hold their Notes in an Exempt Account.  
If the Notes are not held through an Exempt Account by the Eligible Investor, withholding tax on the interest 
is in principle applicable at the current rate of 30%, possibly reduced pursuant to Belgian domestic tax law or 
applicable tax treaties, on the gross amount of the interest. 
Tax on stock exchange transactions 
No tax on stock exchange transactions (taks op beursverrichtingen/taxe sur les operations de bourse) will be 
due on the issuance of the Notes (primary market transaction). 
The purchase and sale and any other acquisition or transfer for consideration of the Notes on the secondary 
market that is (i) either entered into or carried out in Belgium through a professional intermediary or (ii) 
deemed to be carried out in Belgium, which is the case if the order is directly or indirectly made to a 
professional intermediary established outside of Belgium, either by a private individual with habitual 
residence in Belgium or by a legal entity for the account of its seat or establishment in Belgium (both referred 
to as a Belgian Investor), will be subject to the tax on stock exchange transactions at a current rate of 0.12% 
of the purchase/sale price, capped at EUR 1,300 per transaction and per party. The tax is due separately from 
each party to any such transaction, i.e., the seller (transferor) and the purchaser (transferee), both collected by 
the professional intermediary. 
If the intermediary is established outside Belgium, the tax on the stock exchange transactions is due by the 
Belgian Investor (who will be responsible for the filing of a stock exchange tax return and for the timely 
payment of the amount of stock exchange tax due), unless the Belgian Investor can demonstrate that the tax 
on the stock exchange transactions due has already been paid by the professional intermediary established 
outside Belgium. In the latter case, the foreign professional intermediary also has to provide each client 
(which gives such intermediary an order) with a qualifying order statement (borderel/bordereau), at the latest 
on the business day after the day on which the relevant transaction was realised. The qualifying order 
statements must be numbered in series and duplicates must be retained by the financial intermediary. A 
duplicate can be replaced by a qualifying agent day-to-day listing, numbered in series. Alternatively, 
professional intermediaries established outside Belgium can appoint a stock exchange tax representative in 
Belgium, subject to certain conditions and formalities (a Stock Exchange Tax Representative). Such Stock 
Exchange Tax Representative will then be jointly liable toward the Belgian Treasury for the tax on stock 
exchange transactions due and for complying with the reporting obligations and the obligations relating to the 
order statement (borderel/bordereau) in that respect. If such a Stock Exchange Tax Representative has paid

--- Page 138 ---
138
the tax on stock exchange transactions due, the Belgian Investor will, as per the above, no longer be the 
statutory debtor of the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
The tax on the stock exchange transactions will however not be payable by exempt persons acting for their 
own account, including investors who are not Belgian residents, provided they deliver an affidavit to the 
financial intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status, and certain Belgian institutional 
investors as defined in Article 126/1, 2° of the Code of miscellaneous duties and taxes (Wetboek diverse 
rechten en taksen/Code des droits et taxes divers) for the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
As stated below, the European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common financial 
transactions tax (the FTT). The proposal currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, the 
participating Member States shall not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT 
(or VAT as provided in the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common system of 
value added tax). For Belgium, the tax on stock exchange transactions should thus be abolished once the FTT 
enters into force.  
The proposal is still subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and therefore may be 
changed at any time 
The proposed financial transactions tax  
On 14 February 2013, the EU Commission published a proposal for a Council Directive (the Draft Directive) 
on enhanced cooperation in the area of financial transaction tax (the FTT). Pursuant to the Draft Directive, 
the FTT shall be implemented and enter into effect in eleven EU Member States (Austria, Belgium, Estonia, 
France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain) (the Participating Member States). 
However, on 16 March 2016, Estonia formally withdrew from the group of Participating Member States. The 
actual implementation date of the FTT would depend on the future approval of the European Council and 
consultation of other EU institutions, and the subsequent transposition into local law. 
The Draft Directive currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, the Participating Member States 
shall not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in 
Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax). 
The Draft Directive has a very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of the 
Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Draft Directive, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of 
the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one 
party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a Participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a Participating Member State. 
In 2019, Finance Ministers of the Member States participating in the enhanced cooperation indicated that they 
were discussing a new FTT proposal based on the French model of the tax and the possible mutualisation of 
the tax as a contribution to the EU budget. 
According to the latest draft of this new FTT proposal (submitted by the German government), the FTT 
would be levied at a rate of at least 0.2 per cent. of the consideration for the acquisition of ownership of 
shares (including ordinary and any preference shares) admitted to trading on a trading venue or a similar third 
country venue, or of other securities equivalent to such shares (“Financial Instruments”) or similar

--- Page 139 ---
139
transactions (e.g. an acquisition of Financial Instruments by means of an exchange of Financial Instruments or 
by means of a physical settlement of a derivative). Only transactions with Financial Instruments that have 
been issued by a company, partnership or other entity whose registered office is established within one of the 
Participating Member States and with a market capitalisation of at least EUR 1 billion on 1 December of the 
year preceding the respective transaction would be covered. The FTT would be payable to the Participating 
Member State in whose territory the issuer of a Financial Instrument has established its registered office. 
According to the latest draft of the new FTT proposal, the FTT would not apply to straight notes. Like the 
Draft Directive, the latest draft of the new FTT proposal also stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, 
the Participating Member States shall not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the 
FTT (or VAT as provided in the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common system 
of value added tax). 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States, and the 
scope of any such tax is uncertain. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective Holders of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers in relation to the consequences of the 
FTT associated with the subscription, purchase, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
New annual Tax on Securities Accounts 
Pursuant to the Belgian Law of 17 February 2021 on the introduction of an annual tax on securities accounts, 
an annual tax is levied on securities accounts with an average value, over a period of twelve consecutive 
months starting on 1 October and ending on 30 September of the subsequent year, higher than EUR 
1,000,000. 
The tax is equal to 0.15% of the average value of the securities accounts during a reference period. The 
reference period normally runs from 1 October to 30 September of the subsequent year. The taxable base is 
determined based on four reference dates: 31 December, 31 March, 30 June and 30 September. The amount of 
the tax is limited to 10% of the difference between the taxable base and the threshold of EUR 1 million.  
The tax targets securities accounts held by resident individuals, companies and legal entities, irrespective as to 
whether these accounts are held with a financial intermediary which is established or located in Belgium or 
abroad. The tax also applies to securities accounts held by non-residents individuals, companies and legal 
entities with a financial intermediary established or located in Belgium. Belgian establishments from Belgian 
non-residents are however treated as Belgian residents for purposes of the annual tax on securities accounts so 
that both Belgian and foreign securities accounts fall within the scope of this tax. 
Each securities account is assessed separately. When multiple holders hold a securities account, each holder is 
jointly and severally liable for the payment of the tax and each holder may fulfil the declaration requirements 
for all holders.  
There are various exemptions, such as securities accounts held by specific types of regulated entities for their 
own account. 
A financial intermediary is defined as (i) the National Bank of Belgium, the European Central Bank and 
foreign central banks performing similar functions, (ii) a central securities depository included in Article 
198/1, §6, 12° of the Belgian Income Tax Code, (iii) a credit institution or a stockbroking firm as defined by 
Article 1, §3 of the Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions and investment 
companies and (vi) the investment companies as defined by Article 3, §1 of the Law of 25 October 2016 on 
access to the activity of investment services and on the legal status and supervision of portfolio management 
and investment advice companies, which are, pursuant to national law, admitted to hold financial instruments 
for the account of customers.

--- Page 140 ---
140
The annual tax on securities accounts is in principle due by the financial intermediary established or located 
in Belgium. Otherwise, the annual tax on securities accounts needs to be declared and is due by the holder of 
the securities accounts itself, unless the holder provides evidence that the annual tax on securities accounts 
has already been withheld, declared and paid by an intermediary which is not established or located in 
Belgium. In that respect, intermediaries located or established outside of Belgium could appoint an annual tax 
on securities accounts representative in Belgium. Such a representative is then liable towards the Belgian 
Treasury ("Thesaurie/Trésorerie") for the annual tax on securities accounts due and for complying with 
certain reporting obligations in that respect. If the holder of the securities accounts itself is liable for reporting 
obligations (e.g. when a Belgian resident holds a securities account abroad with an average value higher than 
EUR 1,000,000), the deadline for filing the tax return for the annual tax on securities accounts corresponds 
with the deadline for filing the annual tax return for personal income tax purposes electronically, irrespective 
whether the Belgian resident is an individual or a legal entity. In the latter case, the annual tax on securities 
accounts must be paid by the taxpayer on 31 August of the year following the year on which the tax was 
calculated, at the latest. 
The law also provides for certain anti-abuse provisions, retroactively applying as from 30 October 2020: a 
rebuttable general anti-abuse provision and two irrebuttable specific anti-abuse provisions. The latter cover (i) 
the splitting of a securities account into multiple securities accounts held with the same intermediary and (ii) 
the conversion of taxable financial instruments held on a securities account, into registered financial 
instruments. 
Several requests for annulment of the law introducing the tax on securities accounts have been filed with the 
Constitutional Court. If the Constitutional Court were to annul the tax on securities accounts without 
maintaining its effects, all taxpayers will be authorised to claim restitution of the tax already paid. It is 
expected that the value of the Notes will have to be taken into account in determining the value of a securities 
account. 
Prospective Noteholders are strongly advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the annual 
Tax on Securities Accounts and the possible impact thereof on their own personal tax position 
Common Reporting Standard 
Following recent international developments, the exchange of information will be governed by the Common 
Reporting Standard (CRS).  
On 31 January 2022, 115 jurisdictions had signed the multilateral competent authority agreement (MCAA), 
which is a multilateral framework agreement to automatically exchange financial and personal information, 
with the subsequent bilateral exchanges coming into effect between those signatories that file the subsequent 
notifications. 
More than 50 jurisdictions, including Belgium, have committed to a specific and ambitious timetable leading 
to the first automatic information exchanges in 2017, relating to income year 2016 (early adopters). 
Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS country are required to report, according to a due 
diligence standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes interest, 
dividends, account balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from financial 
assets and other income generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made with respect to 
the account. Reportable accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities (which includes trusts and 
foundations) with fiscal residence in another CRS country. The standard includes a requirement to look 
through passive entities to report on the relevant controlling persons.

--- Page 141 ---
141
On 9 December 2014, EU Member States adopted Directive 2014/107/EU on administrative cooperation in 
direct taxation (DAC2), which provides for mandatory automatic exchange of financial information as 
foreseen in CRS. DAC2 amends the previous Directive on administrative cooperation in direct taxation, 
Directive 2011/16/EU. 
The Belgian government has implemented said DAC2, respectively the CRS, by way of the Law of 16 
December 2015 regarding the exchange of information on financial accounts by Belgian financial institutions 
and by the Belgian tax administration, in the context of an automatic exchange of information on an 
international level and for tax purposes (the Law of 16 December 2015). 
As a result of the Law of 16 December 2015, the mandatory exchange of information applies in Belgium (i) 
as of financial year 2016 (first information exchange in 2017) towards the EU Member States, (ii) as of 
financial year 2014 (first information exchange in 2016) towards the US and (iii) with respect to any other 
jurisdictions that have signed the MCAA, as of the respective date determined by Royal Decree.  
In a Royal Decree of 14 June 2017, as amended, it has been provided that the automatic exchange of 
information has to be provided (i) as from 2017 (for the 2016 financial year) for a first list of 18 foreign 
jurisdictions, (ii) as from 2018 (for the 2017 financial year) for a second list of 44 jurisdictions, (iii) as from 
2019 (for the 2018 financial year) for Nigeria, and (iv) as from 2020 (for the 2019 financial year) for another 
list of 6 jurisdictions.  
The Notes are subject to DAC2 and to the Law of 16 December 2015. Under DAC2 and the Law of 
16 December 2015, Belgian financial institutions holding the Notes for tax residents in another CRS 
contracting state shall report financial information regarding the Notes (e.g. in relation to income and gross 
proceeds) to the Belgian competent authority, who shall communicate the information to the competent 
authority of the state of the tax residence of the beneficial owner. 
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (foreign passthru 
payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Belgium) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to 
change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the 
date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are published in the U.S. Federal 
Register, and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed 
term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on 
which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register 
generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such 
date. Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the 
withholding.

--- Page 142 ---
142
Under the Belgian Law of 16 December 2015 (Wet van 16 december 2015 tot regeling van de mededeling van 
inlichtingen betreffende financiële rekeningen, door de Belgische financiële instellingen en de FOD Financiën 
in het kader van automatische uitwisseling van inlichtingen op internationaal niveau en voor 
belastingdoeleinden/Loi du 16 décembre 2015 réglant la communication des renseignements relatifs aux 
comptes financiers, par les institutions financières belges et le SPF Finances, dans le cadre d'un échange 
automatique de renseignements au niveau international et à des fins fiscales), which implements FATCA, 
Belgian financial institutions holding Notes for “US accountholders “ and for “Non-US owned passive Non-
Financial Foreign entities” shall report financial information regarding the Notes (such as income and gross 
proceeds) to the Belgian competent authority, who shall communicate the information to the US tax 
authorities.

--- Page 143 ---
143
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Programme Agreement 
The Dealers have in an amended and restated Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as 
modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 
7 June 2022 agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the 
Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with any update of the Programme and the issue of Notes 
under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection 
therewith. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed; and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any 
time and (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of 
which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding paragraph and in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with 
an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the 
Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in 
the United States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to 
any U.S. person or to any other person within the United States is unauthorised and any disclosure without the 
prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the 
United States, is prohibited.

--- Page 144 ---
144
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available, and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available, any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and
(b)
the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available, and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available, in Belgium to “consumers” (consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of 
the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended. 
United Kingdom 
1.
Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available, and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available, any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the FSMA 2000) (and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 2000 to implement 
the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b)
the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
2.
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:

--- Page 145 ---
145
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA 2000 by the Issuer;
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA 2000) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA 2000 does not apply to the Issuer; and
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 2000 with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act). Accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, 
offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of 
Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of 
Japan. 
General
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, 
sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject 
or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other 
Dealers shall have any responsibility therefore.

--- Page 146 ---
146
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation
The update of the programme and the issue of Notes by Proximus has been duly authorised by a resolution of 
the Board of Directors of Proximus dated 28 October 1999 which was confirmed and extended on 
25 April 2001, 24 July 2008, 6 May 2010, 15 December 2012, 12 December 2013, 18 December 2014, 
30 July 2015, 17 December 2015, 16 December 2016, 14 December 2017, 13 December 2018, 12 December 
2019, 17 December 2020 and 16 December 2021. 
Approval of Notes, Listing and admission to trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus on 7 June 2022 by the FSMA in its capacity as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. Application has also been made to Euronext Brussels 
for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading and listing on the regulated market of 
Euronext Brussels. The regulated market of Euronext Brussels is a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II. 
Documents Available 
For as long as the Programme remains valid with Euronext Brussels, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available for inspection on the website of the Issuer: 
(a)
the 
constitutional 
documents 
(with 
an 
English 
translation 
thereof) 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.proximus.com/investors/charters.html);
(b)
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group in respect of the financial years ended 
31 December 
2020 
(https://www.proximus-cdn.com/dam/jcr:31c34c9d-a4e6-49c3-9877-
3aa49b50191f/02-Consolidated-Annual-Accounts-2020_en.pdf) 
and 
31 
December 
2021 
(http://www.proximus.com/dam/jcr:fe70d77f-3748-4e35-8b7b-42502187ce80/proximus-integrated-
annual-report-2021_en.pdf) (with an English translation thereof);
(c)
the most recently published audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Group (with an 
English translation thereof) and the most recently published unaudited consolidated semi-annual 
interim 
financial 
statements 
of 
the 
Group 
(with 
an 
English 
translation 
thereof) 
(https://www.proximus.com/investors/reports-and-results.html);
(d)
a copy of this Base Prospectus (https://www.proximus.com/investors/funding.html); and
(e)
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, supplements and Final Terms (save that Final Terms 
relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such 
Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer as to its holding and identity) to 
this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference 
(https://www.proximus.com/investors/funding.html).  
The Domiciliary Agency Agreement will, so long as any Notes are outstanding, be available for inspection 
during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted) at the specified office 
of the Domiciliary Agent.

--- Page 147 ---
147
Clearing System 
Interests in the Notes will be represented by entries in securities accounts maintained with the Securities 
Settlement System itself or participants or sub-participants in such system approved by the Belgian Minister 
of Finance. Such participants include Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext 
Securities Porto, Euroclear France and LuxCSD. The Securities Settlement System maintains securities 
accounts in the name of authorised participants only. Noteholders, unless they are participants, will not hold 
Notes directly with the operator of the Securities Settlement System but will hold them in a securities account 
through a financial institution which is a participant in the Securities Settlement System or which holds them 
through another financial institution which is such a participant. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Securities Settlement System. The appropriate 
Common Code and identification number will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
The address of the Securities Settlement System is SA Banque Nationale de Belgique, boulevard de 
Berlaimont 14, B-1000 Bruxelles, Belgium. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions and will be disclosed in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Yield
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated on the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of 
the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or the financial performance of the Issuer or its 
subsidiaries since 31 December 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Issuer or its subsidiaries as a whole since 31 December 2021. 
Litigation 
Save as set out on pages 111-114 of this Base Prospectus in relation to the Group, neither the Issuer nor any of 
its subsidiaries (whether as defendant or otherwise) is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer 
and its subsidiaries are aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document the results of which have 
or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries. 
Representation of Noteholders 
No entity or organisation has been appointed to act as representative of the Noteholders. The provisions on 
meetings of Noteholders are set out in Condition 12.1 (Meetings of Noteholders) and Schedule 1 (Provisions 
on meetings of Noteholders) to the Conditions. 
Auditors 
Deloitte Bedrijfsrevisoren BV (represented by Geert Verstraeten), member of the IBR (the “Institut des 
Réviseurs d’Entreprises/ Instituut van de Bedrijfsrevisoren”) (Deloitte) and CDP Petit & Co BV (represented

--- Page 148 ---
148
by Damien Petit, member of the IBR (the “Institut des Réviseurs d’Entreprises/ Instituut van de 
Bedrijfsrevisoren”) have audited the consolidated financial statements of the Group in accordance with 
generally accepted auditing standards in Belgium for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2021. In accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in Belgium, the auditors have 
issued an audit opinion without qualification on 10 March 2022 in respect of the financial statements of the 
financial year ended 31 December 2021.  
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
The Issuer is involved in a general business relation and/or in specific transactions with the Agent and/or the 
Dealers, and certain parties involved in the issuance of the Notes may act in different capacities and may also 
be engaged in other commercial relationships, in particular, be part of the same group, be lenders, provide 
banking, investment banking or other services (whether or not financial) to other parties involved in the 
issuance of Notes. The Issuer and certain of the Dealers may also engage in transactions in, or establish joint 
arrangements with the objective to, the provision of services to third parties. In any such relationships, the 
relevant parties may not be obliged to take into consideration the interests of the Noteholders and accordingly, 
potential conflicts of interest may arise out of such transactions. 
In particular, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business. Accordingly, certain of the Dealers may provide, among other things, payment services, 
investments of liquidities, credit facilities, bank guarantees, assistance in relation to bonds and structured 
products or other services (whether or not financial) to the Issuer and its subsidiaries for which certain fees 
and commissions are being paid. These fees represent recurring costs which are being paid to the Dealers as 
well as to other banks which offer similar services. 
In addition, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade 
debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) 
for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may 
involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers may also 
have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer 
and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, 
or other trading activities. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments.

--- Page 149 ---
149
PROXIMUS, SA DE DROIT PUBLIC 
27 Boulevard Roi Albert II 
B-1030 Brussels 
Belgium 
DOMICILIARY AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services SCA, Brussels Branch 
Rue de Loxum 25 
B-1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To Proximus as to Belgian law 
Stibbe cvba/scrl 
Central Plaza – Loksumstraat 25 rue de Loxum 
B-1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
To the Dealers as to Belgian law 
Linklaters LLP 
Rue Brederodestraat 13 
B-1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
AUDITORS 
Deloitte Bedrijfsrevisoren CV 
Gateway Building 
Luchthaven Nationaal 1 J 
B-1930 Zaventem 
Belgium

--- Page 150 ---
150
DEALERS 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland  
Belfius Bank NV/SA 
Karel Rogierplein 11 
B-1210 Sint-Joost-Ten-Node 
Belgium 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BRED Banque Populaire S.A. 
18, quai de la Rapée 
75012 Paris 
France 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 
Avenue Marnix 24 
B-1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
B-1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
BELGIUM LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services SCA, Brussels Branch 
Rue de Loxum 25 
B-1000 Brussels 
Belgium