--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 17 September 2021 
 
PUBLICIS GROUPE S.A. 
(a société anonyme à directoire et conseil de surveillance 
established under the laws of the Republic of France) 
€1,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this document (the “Base Prospectus”), Publicis Groupe S.A., (“Publicis” or the “Issuer”), subject to 
compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not 
at any time exceed €1,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies) and may be denominated in various currencies. The Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that the minimum denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”) will be at least €100,000 (or the equivalent amount in any other currency). 
This Base Prospectus shall be in force for a period of one year from the date set out hereunder. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) in France in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Notes. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for the period of 12 months from the date of the approval of this Base Prospectus by the AMF for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (a “Regulated Market”). 
However, Notes that are not listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market may also be issued pursuant to the Programme. 
The relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and admitted to trading 
and if so, the relevant Regulated Market in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”), as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (a) in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France (“Euroclear France”) 
(acting as central depositary), which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination, Title”) including Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream”) or (b) in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in this latter case, at the option of the 
relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 1(c)(iv)), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration agent 
(designated in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders 
designated by the relevant Noteholders. 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents of title will be 
issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons attached (a “Temporary Global 
Certificate”) will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will subsequently be exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form 
with, where applicable, coupons for interest and talons attached on or after a date expected to be on or about the 40th day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described 
in “Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes”) upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. 
Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined below) intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common 
depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
or delivered outside any clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). 
The Issuer has been rated BBB (stable) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and Baa2 (stable) by Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. (“Moody’s”). The Programme has been 
rated BBB by S&P and Baa2 by Moody’s. Each of S&P and Moody’s is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”). As such, each of S&P and Moody’s is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the European Securities and 
Markets Authority’s website (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Notes to be issued under the Programme may or may not be 
rated. The rating, if any, will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer. The relevant 
Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. The final terms of the relevant Notes will be 
determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche based on the then prevailing market conditions and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus, any document containing information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms related to Notes that 
are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market in the EEA will be available for viewing on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org), on the Issuer’s website 
(www.publicisgroupe.com) and may be obtained, during normal business hours at the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent and each of the Paying Agents (as defined herein). 
Prospective investors should carefully review and consider the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” prior to purchasing any Notes. 
 
Arrangers 
BNP PARIBAS 
CITIGROUP 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
BOFA SECURITIES  
CITIGROUP 
J.P. MORGAN

--- Page 2 ---
A44983740 
2 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purpose of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and for 
the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer, the Issuer, its subsidiaries and its affiliates taken as 
a whole (the “Group”) and the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the Notes, 
contains the necessary information which is necessary to investors for making an informed assessment of the 
assets and liabilities, profit and losses, financial position, and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to 
the Notes and the reason for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any 
other documents incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), each of which 
shall be incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus in relation to any Series (as defined herein) of 
Notes, should be read and construed together with the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms being together, the 
“Prospectus”. 
The information on any websites included in this Base Prospectus do not form part of this Base Prospectus 
unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, or any of the 
Dealers or the Arrangers (each as defined in the “General Description of the Programme”). Neither the 
delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, 
create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Group since the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that 
there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or of the Group since the date hereof 
or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such professional 
advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully consistent with 
its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, 
guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding 
the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in 
connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters 
referred to above. Prospective investors should consult their own financial and legal advisers about risks 
associated with an investment in a particular Series of Notes and the suitability of investing in the Notes in light 
of their particular circumstances. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the 
lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor of the Notes, whether under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that 
prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. No Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and none of this Base Prospectus, any 
Final Terms or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under

--- Page 3 ---
A44983740 
3 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arrangers to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restriction. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of 
this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the United Kingdom, Japan, France, 
Hong-Kong, PRC, Singapore and Switzerland. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of 
Notes and distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale” below. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required 
by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 5 February 2018 and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor” as defined in MIFID II) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer as defined in MIFID II in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MIFID II Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a MiFID II

--- Page 4 ---
A44983740 
4 
regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under MiFID II Product Governance 
Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published 
by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to 
EU non-legislative materials") and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
UNITED KINGDOM FINANCIAL PROMOTION – This communication is only being distributed to and is 
only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within 
Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended 
(the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies, and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated, 
falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (e) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant 
persons”). The Notes are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or 
otherwise acquire such Notes will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant 
person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of 
Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the 
SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other 
charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are transferred or 
other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be 
available for financial instruments such as the Notes. Potential investors are advised not to rely upon the tax 
summary contained in this Base Prospectus but to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual 
taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in 
a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. A rating may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors, and other factors that may affect 
the value of the Notes. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
 
A number of Member States of the European Union are currently negotiating to introduce a financial 
transactions tax (“FTT”) in the scope of which transactions in the Notes may fall. The scope of any such tax is

--- Page 5 ---
A44983740 
5 
still uncertain as well as any potential timing of implementation. If the currently discussed text or any similar 
tax is adopted, transactions in the Notes could be subject to higher costs, and the liquidity of the market for the 
Notes may be diminished. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in 
relation to the FTT. 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of 
jurisdictions (including France) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Under proposed U.S. Treasury Regulations, however, such withholding on foreign passthru payments will not 
apply to payments made before the date that is two years after the date on which applicable final regulations 
that define foreign passthru payments are published. Further, obligations, such as the Notes, issued on or prior 
to the date that is six months after the date on which applicable final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are filed generally would be “grandfathered” unless they are characterised as equity for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes or they are materially modified after such date. Holders should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, neither the Issuer nor 
any other person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Dealers 
or the Arrangers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arrangers accept any responsibility for the 
contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by any of the 
Arrangers or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. Each 
of the Arrangers and each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract 
or otherwise which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. Neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any other information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is intended 
to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by 
any of the Issuer, the Arrangers or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information incorporated by reference should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should 
determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes 
should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or none of the Arrangers 
undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life of the 
arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes 
of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arrangers.

--- Page 6 ---
A44983740 
6 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................... 7 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................15 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................28 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..............................................................................................38 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................39 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES
 ..................................................................................................................................................................78 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................80 
DESCRIPTION OF PUBLICIS ........................................................................................................................81 
TAXATION .......................................................................................................................................................82 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ...........................................................................................................................85 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................109 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................. 115 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................130 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS .................134

--- Page 7 ---
A44983740 
7 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. 
All capitalised terms used and not defined in this section are defined in the Conditions. 
Issuer 
Publicis Groupe S.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the 
Issuer  
2138004KW8BV57III342 
Website of the Issuer 
www.publicisgroupe.com 
Description 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the offer of Notes 
(the “Programme”). 
Arrangers 
BNP Paribas  
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
  
Dealers 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
J.P. Morgan AG 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to 
“Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers 
and to additional persons appointed as dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and to “Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers and all 
persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Programme Limit 
Up to €1,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may 
be outstanding under the Programme may be increased from time 
to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the 
Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement. 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, 
Consolidation Agent and Calculation 
Agent 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
Make-Whole Call Calculation Agent 
Conv-Ex Advisors Limited 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one 
or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical 
other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of 
each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each 
a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The specific

--- Page 8 ---
A44983740 
8 
terms of each Tranche will be set out in the relevant final terms 
(the “Final Terms”). 
Maturities 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as 
provided below, each Note shall be finally redeemed on the 
maturity 
date 
specified 
in 
the 
relevant 
Final Terms 
(the “Maturity Date”). 
Currencies 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in Euro, U.S. dollars, Japanese 
yen, Swiss francs, Pound Sterling (“Sterling”), Renminbi 
(“RMB”) and in any other currency agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealers. 
Denomination(s) 
The Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that the minimum 
denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market in a Member State of the European Economic 
Area (“EEA”) in circumstances which require the publication of 
a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 
(or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than Euro, 
the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date). 
Unless otherwise permitted by applicable laws and regulations, 
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) having a 
maturity of less than one year from their date of issue will 
constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on 
accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the United Kingdom 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) 
unless they are issued to a limited class of professional investors 
and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent. 
Dematerialised Notes will be issued in one denomination only. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes will constitute direct, general, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank at all times pari 
passu and without any preference or priority among themselves 
and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time 
mandatory under French law) equally and rateably with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations, present or future, of 
the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
Negative Pledge 
There will be a negative pledge in respect of the Notes as set out 
in Condition 4. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 
Negative Pledge”. 
Events of Default 
(including cross default) 
There will be events of default and a cross-default in respect of 
the Notes as set out in Condition 9. See “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes - Events of Default”. 
Redemption 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable. Unless permitted by applicable 
laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in

--- Page 9 ---
A44983740 
9 
sterling) having a maturity of less than one year from the date of 
issue and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA must have 
a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies). 
Optional Redemption 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the Noteholders and, if so, the terms applicable to such 
redemption. 
Redemption by Instalments 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates on 
which, and the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Early Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, “Residual 
Call Option”, “Make-Whole Call Option”, “Clean-Up Call 
Option” and “Acquisition Event Call Option” below, the Notes 
will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity 
only for tax reasons. 
Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders following a Change of 
Control 
If, at any time while any Note remains outstanding, there occurs 
a Change of Control and a Rating Downgrade occurs or has 
occurred as a result of such Change of Control, the Noteholders 
will be entitled to request the Issuer to redeem the Notes, or, at 
the Issuer’s option, procure the purchase of their Notes. See 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Redemption, Purchase and 
Options”. 
Residual Call Option 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue 
of Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in 
whole but not in part, at their nominal amount together with 
interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, 
at any time as from the Residual Call Option Date until (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date. 
Make-Whole Call Option by the 
Issuer 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue 
of Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in 
whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to their 
Maturity Date (or, if a Residual Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, prior to the relevant Residual Call Option 
Date) at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to, but excluding, the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date. The Optional Redemption Amount will be calculated by the 
Make-Whole Call Calculation Agent and will be the greater of (x) 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed 
and, (y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining 
scheduled payments of principal (assuming for this purpose, if a 
Residual Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, that 
the Notes would otherwise be scheduled to be redeemed in whole

--- Page 10 ---
A44983740 
10 
on the Residual Call Option Date at their nominal amount 
together with interest accrued to, but excluding, such Residual 
Call Option Date) and interest on such Notes (not including any 
interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date) discounted (in accordance with 
applicable market conventions and on a basis which is consistent 
with the calculation of interest as set out in Condition 5) to the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date at the Redemption Rate plus 
a Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms).  
Clean-Up Call Option 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms and if at least 80 per 
cent. of the initial aggregate nominal amount of Notes of the same 
Series have been redeemed or purchased and, in each case, 
cancelled, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem the Notes in whole 
but not in part at their Clean-Up Redemption Amount together 
with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
Acquisition Event Call Option 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms and if an Acquisition 
Event occurs, the Issuer may redeem the Notes, in whole but not 
in part, as described in Condition 6(k) (Redemption upon the 
occurrence of an Acquisition Event). 
Put Option 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, upon 
request of the Noteholder, redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date at the Optional Redemption Amount. 
Taxation in respect of the Notes 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes, Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons will be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied or collected by or on 
behalf of France or any authority therein or thereof having power 
to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
If such a withholding or deduction is required by law, the Issuer 
will gross up its payments to the fullest extent then permitted by 
law and subject to certain exceptions. 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons could be made subject to 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to FATCA. No 
additional amounts will be paid and, accordingly, no early 
redemption whatsoever will apply in case of any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to FATCA. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest 
accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates 
in the same interest period. All such information will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 11 ---
A44983740 
11 
Interest Rate Adjustment 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate of interest to 
be paid with respect of the Notes may be subject to adjustments 
on the occurrence of certain ratings triggers. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrears on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under the June 
2013/2007 
Fédération 
Bancaire 
Française 
Master 
Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial 
instruments 
and 
the 
technical 
schedules 
(additifs 
techniques) published from time to time by the Fédération 
Bancaire Française; or 
 
(ii) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or 
 
(iii) by reference to LIBOR, EURIBOR or CMS Rate (or such 
other benchmark as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), in each case as adjusted for any applicable margin. 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
In no event shall the applicable rate of interest (including, for the 
sake of clarity, any applicable margin) be less than zero. 
 
In the event where the benchmark used to calculate the interest 
payable is discontinued, the Conditions of the Notes provide a 
methodology to determine the successor or alternative rates. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at 
a discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will 
automatically, or that the Issuer may elect to, convert on the date 
set out in the Final Terms from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  
Consolidation 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another 
Series as more fully provided in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes - Further Issues and Consolidation”. 
Form of Notes 
Notes 
may 
be 
issued 
in 
either 
dematerialised 
form 
(“Dematerialised 
Notes”) 
or 
in 
materialised 
form 
(“Materialised Notes”). 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer be issued in 
bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) or in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in this latter case, at the

--- Page 12 ---
A44983740 
12 
option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered form 
(au nominatif pur) or administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) form. 
No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 
Form, Denominations, Title”. 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether Dematerialised 
Notes are to be issued in bearer form only, in registered (including 
both registered form (nominatif pur) and administered form 
(nominatif administré) form only or in both bearer and registered 
form. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form (“Materialised Bearer 
Notes”) only. A Temporary Global Certificate will be issued 
initially in respect of each Tranche of Materialised Bearer Notes. 
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France. 
Governing Law 
French law. 
Central Depositary 
Euroclear France in relation to Dematerialised Notes. 
Clearing Systems 
Clearstream, Euroclear or any other clearing system (provided 
proper clearing and settlement procedures have previously been 
put in place) that may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent and the relevant Dealer in relation to Materialised Notes. 
Initial Delivery of Dematerialised 
Notes 
One Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes, the Lettre Comptable relating to such 
Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central 
depositary. 
Initial Delivery of Materialised Notes 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised 
Bearer Notes, the Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect 
of such Tranche shall be deposited with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream or with any other clearing system or 
may be delivered outside any clearing system provided that the 
method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Euronext Paris. A Series of Notes may or may not be listed and 
admitted to trading. 
Method of Publication of this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus 
and the Final Terms related to the Notes listed and admitted to 
trading on any Regulated Market in the EEA will be published on 
the websites of the Issuer (www.publicisgroupe.com) and of the 
AMF (http://www.amf-france.org/). The Final Terms will indicate 
where the Base Prospectus may be obtained. 
Representation of the Noteholders 
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be 
grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests 
in a masse (in each case, the “Masse”).

--- Page 13 ---
A44983740 
13 
The Masse will act in part through a representative 
(the “Representative”) and in part through collective decisions 
of the Noteholders. The names and addresses of the 
Representative and its alternate, if any, will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of 
any Series of the Notes will be the representative of the single 
Masse of all Tranches in such Series.  
Selling Restrictions 
There are restrictions on the sale of Notes and the distribution of 
offering material in certain jurisdictions. See “Subscription and 
Sale”. 
The Notes will be issued outside the United States to non-US 
persons pursuant to Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) (Category 2). 
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with US Treas. 
Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) (or any 
successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable 
for purposes of Section 4701 of the United States Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code”)) unless (i) the relevant Final Terms state that such 
Materialised Notes are issued in compliance with US Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code) (the “TEFRA C Rules”), or (ii) 
such Materialised Notes are issued other than in compliance with 
the TEFRA D Rules or the TEFRA C Rules but in circumstances 
in which the Notes will not constitute “registration required 
obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstance will 
be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which 
TEFRA is not applicable. 
The TEFRA rules do not apply to any Dematerialised Notes. 
Ratings 
The Issuer has been rated BBB (stable) by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (“S&P”) and Baa2 (stable) by Moody’s Investors 
Service España, S.A. (“Moody’s”). The Programme has been 
rated BBB by S&P and Baa2 by Moody’s. Each of S&P and 
Moody’s is established in the European Union and is registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”). As such, each of S&P and Moody’s is included in 
the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation published on the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority’s 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) 
as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Notes to be issued under 
the Programme may or may not be rated. The rating, if any, will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where an issue of Notes 
is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating

--- Page 14 ---
A44983740 
14 
assigned to the Issuer. The relevant Final Terms will specify 
whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered under 
the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 15 ---
A44983740 
15 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued 
under the Programme. In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below (in descending order of 
importance), taking into account the negative impact of such risks and the probability of their occurrence. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the main risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements 
below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently 
known to the Issuer or that are currently believed to be immaterial could also have a material impact on its 
business operations. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus and in any documents incorporated by reference and reach their own views prior to making 
any investment decision. In particular, investors should make their own assessment as to the risks associated 
with the Notes prior to investing in Notes issued under the Programme. 
All capitalised terms used and not defined in this section are defined in the Conditions. 
Risk Factors relating to the Issuer  
The risk factors relating to the Issuer and its activity are set out in particular in pages 39 to 44 of the URD 2020 
(as defined and as incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus in the section “Documents Incorporated 
by reference” of this Base Prospectus and include the following, which must all be considered together with 
the risks associated to the Covid-19 pandemic, as discussed on page 40 of the URD 2020: 
• 
risks associated with the economic condition; 
• 
risks associated with a highly competitive industry; 
• 
risks related to disruptions in the advertising and communication sector; 
• 
risks related to employees; 
• 
risks associated with client portfolios; 
• 
risks of IT system failures and cybercrime; 
• 
risks associated with mergers and acquisitions; 
• 
personal data confidentiality risks; 
• 
risks of litigation, governmental, legal and arbitration proceedings; 
• 
risks associated with the Groupe’s financial rating; 
• 
liquidity risks.  
Risk Factors relating to the Notes 
The following is a description of risk factors in relation to the Notes which set out the most material risks, taking 
into account the negative impact of such risks on the Issuer and the probability of their occurrence.  
1 
Risks for the Noteholders as creditors of the Issuer 
French Insolvency Law 
As a société anonyme incorporated in France, French insolvency laws apply to the Issuer. Under French 
insolvency law, holders of debt securities are automatically grouped into a single assembly of holders (the 
“Assembly”) (to the extent it employs more than 150 people or has a turnover of more than EUR 20M) in case

--- Page 16 ---
A44983740 
16 
of the opening in France of a safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), an accelerated financial safeguard 
procedure (procédure de sauvegarde financière accélérée), an accelerated safeguard procedure (procédure de 
sauvegarde accélérée) or a judicial reorganisation procedure (procédure de redressement judiciaire) of the 
Issuer, in order to be consulted on the draft accelerated safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde accélérée), 
the draft accelerated financial safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde financière accélérée), the draft 
safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde)) or the draft judicial reorganisation plan (projet de plan de 
redressement). 
The Assembly comprises holders of all debt securities issued by the Issuer (including the Notes), whether or 
not under a debt issuance programme and regardless of their governing law. 
The Assembly deliberates on the said draft safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde), draft accelerated 
financial safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde financière accélérée), draft accelerated safeguard plan 
(projet de plan de sauvegarde accélérée) or judicial reorganisation plan (projet de plan de redressement) 
applicable to the Issuer approved by the other creditor committees where applicable (i.e. the committee for (i) 
credit institutions, or assimilated entities, having a claim against the debtor other than notes, or entities having 
granted credit or advances in favour of the debtor (or the assignees of such claim or of a claim acquired from a 
supplier) and (ii) suppliers having a claim that represents more than 3 per cent. of the total amount of the claims 
of all the debtor’s suppliers (and smaller suppliers if invited by the court-appointed administrator as the case 
may be), convened under the same conditions set out for the Assembly above (except in accelerated financial 
safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde financière accélérée) where the suppliers are not affected by the 
procedure and therefore the suppliers’ committee is not convened). 
Draft plan submitted to the Assembly: 
• 
must take into account subordination agreements entered into by the creditors before the opening of the 
proceedings; 
• 
may reschedule, partially or totally write-off their receivables (unless the debt was incurred (i) during 
the conciliation procedure which resulted in an approved conciliation agreement (accord de conciliation 
homologué) and benefitted from the new money lien as provided for therein or (ii) as part of a previous 
safeguard or judicial reorganisation proceedings provided such debt benefits from the newly enacted 
safeguard/reorganisation lien1);  
• 
may establish a differentiated treatment between holders of debt securities (including the Noteholders) 
if their difference of situations so justifies; and/or 
• 
may provide for the conversion of debt securities (including the Notes) into shares or other securities 
that give or may give right to share capital (such conversion requiring the relevant shareholders’ consent). 
Each member of the Assembly informs the receiver (administrateur judiciaire) of any agreement subjecting its 
vote to certain conditions or providing for the total or partial payment of its claim by a third party or of any 
subordination agreement. The receiver can then modulate the voting rights of such a creditor and will submit 
to the creditor the conditions of calculation of its voting rights. In case of disagreement on this calculation, the 
creditor or the receiver may bring the matter by way of summary proceedings before the president of the Court. 
Decisions of the Assembly will be taken by a two-third majority (calculated as a proportion of the amount of 
debt securities held by the holders casting a vote). No quorum is required on convocation of the Assembly. The 
 
1 
The safeguard/reorganisation lien was introduced by ordinance No. 2020-596 of 20 May 2020 aiming at temporarily adapting pre-insolvency 
and insolvency proceedings to the consequences of the Covid-19 situation and shall apply to proceedings initiated between 21 May 2020 and 
31 December 2021. There are other temporary Covid-19 related measures which will not be further detailed in this document.

--- Page 17 ---
A44983740 
17 
holders (i) whose rights are not modified by the proposed plan or, (ii) paid in full in cash upon adoption of the 
plan or upon admission of their receivable do not participate in the vote. The amounts of claims secured by a 
trust (fiducie) granted by the debtor do not give rise to voting rights. 
Decisions of the Assembly will be binding upon holders of debt securities if the proposed safeguard or 
reorganisation plan is (i) adopted by the other creditors' committees of the Issuer (committee of financial 
institutions and committee of suppliers) and (ii) approved by the commercial court. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the Representation of the Noteholders described in 
Condition 11 will not be applicable, to the extent they are not in compliance with compulsory insolvency law 
provisions that apply in these circumstances. 
Insolvency proceedings, as described above or as they will or may be amended, could have an adverse impact 
on the Noteholders seeking repayment in the event that the Issuer is to be subject to French insolvency 
proceedings. The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer might have a material adverse 
effect on the market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. Any decisions taken by the Assembly or a class of 
creditors, as the case may be, could materially and negatively impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose 
all or part of their investment, should they not be able to recover amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
It should be noted that a new European directive entitled “Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring 
frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures 
concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132”, has been 
adopted by the European Union on 20 June 2019 and must be implemented by Member States before 17 July 
2021, subject to a maximum one year extension of the transposition period for Member States encountering 
particular difficulties in implementing the directive. Once transposed into French law, such directive should 
have a material impact on French insolvency law, especially with regard to the process of adoption of 
restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this directive, “affected parties” (including 
notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes which reflect certain class 
formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that 
each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of interest based on 
verifiable criteria. As a minimum, secured and unsecured claims shall be treated in separate classes for the 
purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. A restructuring plan shall be deemed to be adopted by affected parties, 
provided that a majority in the amount of their claims or interests is obtained in each and every class (the 
required majorities shall be laid down by Member States at not higher than 75% in the amount of claims or 
interests in each class, it being noted that Member States may require that in addition a majority in number of 
affected parties be obtained in each class). If the restructuring plan is not approved by each and every class of 
affected parties, the plan may however be confirmed by a judicial or administrative authority upon the proposal 
of a debtor or with the debtor’s agreement by applying a cross-class cram-down, provided that certain conditions 
are satisfied.  
Therefore, when such directive is transposed into French law, it cannot be excluded that the Noteholders will 
no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer 
benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the Noteholders will be 
grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may 
possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down.  
Credit Risk 
As contemplated in Condition 3, the Notes and, where applicable any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, 
general, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer. However, an investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. The Issuer has been 
rated BBB (stable) by S&P and Baa2 (stable) by Moody’s. If the credit worthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, it

--- Page 18 ---
A44983740 
18 
may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, which could materially and 
negatively impact the Noteholders and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
Modification and waivers 
Condition 11 contains provisions for calling General Meetings of Noteholders or consulting them by way of a 
resolution in writing to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined 
majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant General 
Meeting or who did not vote through the written consultation and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary 
to the majority. If a decision is adopted by a majority of Noteholders and such modifications were to impair or 
limit the rights of the Noteholders, this may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes and hence 
investors may lose part of their investment. 
Ratings assigned to the Notes  
The Notes to be issued under the Programme may or may not be rated as further specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Should the Notes be rated, it is anticipated that such Notes will be rated BBB by S&P and Baa2 by 
Moody’s. A rating assigned to the Notes by any rating agency is based on the Issuer’s financial situation, but 
takes into account other relevant structural features of the transaction, including, inter alia, the terms of the 
Notes, and reflects only the views of the rating agency. The rating addresses the likelihood of full and timely 
payment to the Noteholders of all payments of interest on each interest payment date and repayment of principal 
on the final payment date. Any such rating may not continue for any period of time or it may be reviewed, 
revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the rating agency as a result of changes in or unavailability of 
information or if, in the rating agency’s judgement, circumstances so warrant. Any adverse change in an 
applicable credit rating could adversely affect the trading price for the Notes and as a result the income to be 
received from any Noteholder following the sale of any of its Notes. 
No direct access to subsidiaries’ cash flows or assets 
The Issuer is a French holding company. Investors will not have any direct claims on the cash flows or the 
assets of the Issuer’s subsidiaries, and such subsidiaries have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay 
amounts due under the Notes or to make funds available to the Issuer for these payments. Accordingly, and 
notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 4, the Notes are effectively subordinated to claims of all creditors 
of the Issuer’s subsidiaries, including trade creditors, secured creditors and creditors holding indebtedness and 
guarantees issued by the subsidiaries. As a result, this could negatively impact the Noteholders and cause them 
to lose part of their investment. 
2 
Risks Factors Relating to the structure and feature of a particular issue of Notes 
The Programme allows for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each Tranche of Notes may carry 
varying risks for potential investors depending on the specific features of such Notes such as, inter alia, the 
provisions for computation of periodic interest payments, if any, redemption and issue price. 
2.1 
Risks Factors Relating to the Interest payable on the Notes  
Floating Rate Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(c), investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a 
reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, 
the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three months or six months) which itself 
will change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of floating rate Notes 
may be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant 
reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the

--- Page 19 ---
A44983740 
19 
relevant reference rate. As a result, Noteholders may lose all or part of their investments in the Notes and 
therefore their interests may be negatively altered. 
In addition, a key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on 
Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine 
a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot 
be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the Final Terms provide for 
frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. 
That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then 
prevailing. Should the reference rate be at any time negative, it could, notwithstanding the existence of the 
relevant margin, result in the actual floating rate, consisting in the reference rate and the relevant margin, be 
lower than the relevant margin, provided that in no event will the relevant interest amount be less than zero. As 
a result, Noteholders may lose all or part of their investments in the Notes and therefore their interests may be 
significantly negatively altered. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
As contemplated by Condition 5(b), the Issuer may issue Fixed Rate Notes bearing interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market 
interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of Notes and Noteholders may lose all or 
part of their investment in the Notes and therefore their interests may be negatively altered. 
While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note is determined during the term of such Note or within a 
given period of time, the market interest rate (the “Market Interest Rate”) typically varies on a daily basis. As 
the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of the Note varies in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest 
Rate increases, the price of the Note typically decreases, until the yield of the Note equals approximately the 
Market Interest Rate. If the Market Interest Rate decreases, the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically increases, 
until the yield of such Note equals approximately the Market Interest Rate. Therefore, the price of the Notes at 
any particular time may be lower than the purchase price of the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a consequence, 
part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost on any transfer of the Notes, so that the Noteholder 
in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested.  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(d), Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may 
elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating 
Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a 
Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. The conversion (whether it be automatic 
or optional) of the interest rate may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the 
Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the 
Issuer converts from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, the spread on the fixed to Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In 
addition, the new Floating Rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts 
from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate, the Fixed Rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Investors should refer to risk factors set out in the risk factors entitled “Fixed Rate Notes” and “Floating Rate 
Notes”.

--- Page 20 ---
A44983740 
20 
Zero Coupon Notes 
As contemplated by Condition 5(e), the Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Notes. Changes in market interest rates 
have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary Notes 
because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon 
Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their 
leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high price risk and 
Noteholders may, as a result, lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
Reform and regulation of “benchmarks” 
Pursuant to Condition 5(c), the Rate of Interest in respect of the Floating Rate Notes may be determined by 
reference to the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) 
or other indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”. LIBOR, EURIBOR or other indices are the subject of 
recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and value of and return 
on any Notes linked to such a “benchmark”. 
The EU Regulation on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure 
the performance of investment funds (the “Benchmark Regulation”) was published in the European official 
journal on 29 June 2016 and most of the provisions of the Benchmark Regulation have applied since 
1 January 2018. 
The Benchmark Regulation applies to the provision of “benchmarks”, the contribution of input data to a 
“benchmark” and the use of a “benchmark” within the EU. It will, among other things, (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration 
of “benchmarks” (or, if non-EU based, to be subject to equivalent requirements) and (ii) prevents certain uses 
by EU supervised entities of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised/registered (or, if non-EU 
based, deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed to be 
a “benchmark”, in particular if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to 
comply with the requirements of the Benchmark Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the 
effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
“benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks”, (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or (iii) lead to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”.  
In particular, on 5 March 2021, the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) announced the 
future cessation or loss of representativeness of the 35 LIBOR benchmark settings published by ICE 
Benchmark Administration (“IBA”). In particular it announced that (i) the publication of 24 LIBOR settings 
(as detailed in the FCA announcement) will cease immediately after 31 December 2021, (ii) the publication of 
the overnight and 12-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings will cease immediately after 30 June 2023, (iii) 
immediately after 31 December 2021, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese yen LIBOR settings and

--- Page 21 ---
A44983740 
21 
the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month sterling LIBOR settings will no longer be representative of the underlying 
market and economic reality that they are intended to measure and representativeness will not be restored (and 
the FCA will consult on requiring the IBA to continue to publish the three remaining sterling LIBOR settings 
for a further period after end-2021 on a synthetic basis and the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese yen 
LIBOR settings after end-2021 on a synthetic basis for one additional year) and (iv) immediately after 30 June 
2023, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings will no longer be representative of the 
underlying market and economic reality that they are intended to measure and representativeness will not be 
restored (and the FCA will consider the case for using its proposed powers to require IBA to continue publishing 
these settings on a synthetic basis, for a further period after end June 2023 taking into account views and 
evidence from the US authorities and other stakeholders).  
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other 
proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of 
and return on any Notes linked to a “benchmark”. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has amended 
the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions applicable to 
material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing provisions of the 
Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 February 
2021 (the “Amending Regulation”).  
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain 
benchmarks by conferring on the European Commission the power to designate a statutory replacement for 
certain benchmarks, resulting in such benchmarks being replaced in contracts and financial instruments that 
have not been renegotiated before the date of cessation of the relevant benchmarks and contain either no 
contractual replacement (or so-called “fallback provision”) or a fallback provision which is deemed unsuitable 
by the European Commission or competent national authorities (Article 23b of the Benchmarks Regulation). 
These provisions could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes issued 
under the Programme linked to or referencing such benchmark in the event that the fallback provisions in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes are deemed unsuitable. However, there are still uncertainties about the exact 
implementation of this provision pending the implementing acts of the European Commission. In addition, the 
Amending Regulation extended the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks until the end 
of 2023 and empowered the European Commission to further extend this transitional period until the end of 
2025, if necessary. Such developments may create uncertainty regarding any future legislative or regulatory 
requirements arising from the implementation of delegated regulations. 
Floating rate Notes – benchmark discontinuation  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is to be determined, and LIBOR, subject as described in the risk factor entitled “Reform and 
regulation of “benchmarks”” above, EURIBOR, CMS Rate or another Reference Rate has been selected as the 
Reference Rate, Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) provides that the Rate of Interest shall be determined by reference to the 
Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances where the Original Reference Rate is 
discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement may be available.  
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant Screen Page 
is available, Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) provides for the Rate of Interest to be determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates for 
the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the Rate of

--- Page 22 ---
A44983740 
22 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original Reference Rate was 
unavailable (and solely in the context that such unavailability does not qualify as a Benchmark event). 
Uncertainty as to the continuation of such Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from reference 
banks, and the rate that would be applicable if such Original Reference Rate is unavailable may adversely affect 
the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(a)) (which, amongst other events, includes the permanent 
discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate) occurs, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint 
an Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
to determine the Rate of Interest will result in Notes linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the 
Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by the 
Independent Adviser, the Conditions of the Notes provide that the Issuer may vary the Conditions of the Notes, 
as necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without any requirement 
for consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Conditions of the Notes 
also provide that an Adjustment Spread will be determined by the Independent Adviser and applied to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. The Adjustment Spread is (i) the spread, formula or methodology which is 
formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body (which may include a relevant central bank, supervisory authority or group 
of central banks/supervisory authorities), (ii) if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate, the spread, formula or methodology which the Independent Adviser determines is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital 
markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate, or (iii) if 
the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the spread, formula or 
methodology which the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be. 
Accordingly, the application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the Notes performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to 
continue to apply in its current form. 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be able to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the Conditions of the Notes. 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the Independent Adviser 
is unable, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark 
Event occurs before the first Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate of Interest.  
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser has failed, to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Period, it will continue to attempt 
to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding Interest Determination Date 
and/or to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to apply the next succeeding and any subsequent 
Interest Periods, as necessary.

--- Page 23 ---
A44983740 
23 
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event is likely to result in Notes linked to or 
referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of 
Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate could be determined. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark 
Event, will continue to apply to maturity. This will result in the Floating Rate Notes, in effect, becoming Fixed 
Rate Notes. Noteholders may, in such circumstances, be materially affected and receive a lower interest as they 
would have expected if an Independent Adviser had been determined or if such Independent Adviser did not 
fail to determine such Successor or Alternative Rate. 
2.2 
Risks Factors Relating to the Redemption of the Notes  
Notes subject to early redemption 
The Issuer has the option, if so specified in the relevant the Final Terms, to redeem the Notes under a Residual 
Call Option as provided in Condition 6(c), a Make-Whole Call Option as provided in Condition 6(d), a Clean-
Up Call Option as provided in Condition 6(e), a Call Option as provided in Condition 6(f) or an Acquisition 
Event Call Option as provided in Condition 6(k). In particular, in case of a Clean-Up Call Option there is no 
obligation for the Issuer to inform investors if and when the percentage of 80 per cent. has been reached or is 
about to be reached, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the 
serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of this option, the Notes may have been trading significantly above 
par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
If (i) an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and (ii) the Issuer publicly 
announces that the consummation of the acquisition of the Targeted Company, as defined in the relevant Final 
Terms, is not pursued or the completion of the acquisition has not occurred on or prior to the Acquisition Event 
Limit Date, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued on the Notes as provided in Condition 6(k). 
Furthermore, if the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the country of domicile (or 
residence for tax purposes) by the Issuer, or on behalf of France, or any political subdivision thereof or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance 
with Condition 6(i).  
If in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Notes are redeemable 
at the Issuer’s option, the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be 
relatively low. During a period when the Issuer may elect, or has elected, to redeem Notes, such Notes may 
feature a market value not substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  
Thus, if the Issuer redeems the Notes in any of the circumstances mentioned above, there is a heightened risk 
that the Notes may be redeemed at times when the redemption proceeds are less than the current market value 
of the Notes or when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances, the yields received 
upon redemption may be lower than initially expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be 
lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a consequence, a potentially significant 
part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such case would not receive 
the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive

--- Page 24 ---
A44983740 
24 
through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a potentially significantly lower yield 
than the redeemed Notes.  
All of the above may reduce the profits potential investors in the Notes may have expected in subscribing the 
Notes and could have significant impact on the Noteholders.  
Put Option or Change of Control 
Exercise of Put Option as provided in Condition 6(g) or Change of Control Put Option as provided in Condition 
6(j) in respect of certain Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such 
option is not exercised. 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which the Put Option or the Change of 
Control Put Option provided in the relevant Final Terms is exercised, any trading market in respect of those 
Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid and Noteholders may lose part of 
their investments. 
Notes subject to partial redemption 
If so specified in the relevant the Final Terms, the Issuer has the option to redeem the Notes under a Make-
Whole Call Option as provided in Condition 6(d) or a Call Option as provided in Condition 6(f) in whole or in 
part. 
If the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes in part only, such partial redemption shall be effected by reducing the 
nominal amount of all such Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed. 
Depending on the proportion of the principal amount of all of the Notes so reduced, any trading market in 
respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid and Noteholders 
may lose part of their investment. 
2.3 
Risks Factors Relating to Renminbi-denominated Notes 
The relevant Final Terms in relation to any Series of Notes may specify that the Notes are denominated in 
Renminbi (“RMB Notes”). RMB Notes contain particular risks for potential investors. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and may adversely affect the liquidity of RMB Notes 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the People’s Republic of China (the ‘‘PRC 
Government’’) continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the U.S. 
dollar, despite the significant reduction over the years by the PRC government of its control over routine foreign 
exchange transactions under current accounts. This may affect the liquidity of the RMB Notes and the Issuer’s 
ability to source Renminbi out of the PRC to service RMB Notes. 
Remittance of Renminbi by foreign investors into the PRC for the purposes of capital account items, such as 
capital contributions, is generally only permitted upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific 
registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in 
the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into the PRC for settlement of capital account items are developing 
gradually. 
Although Renminbi was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the International Monetary 
Fund in 2016 and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in 
foreign currencies were implemented by the People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”) in 2018 and 2020, there is a 
risk that the PRC government will not continue to liberalise the control over cross-border RMB remittances in 
the future, that any pilot schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation will be discontinued or that new PRC 
regulations will be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance 
of Renminbi into or outside the PRC. In the event that funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in Renminbi,

--- Page 25 ---
A44983740 
25 
this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source 
Renminbi to finance its obligations under the RMB Notes. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the RMB 
Notes and the Issuer’s ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such RMB Notes 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. In efforts to internationalise the Renminbi, the PBOC has 
established Renminbi clearing and settlement systems for participating banks in various countries through 
settlement agreements (the “Settlement Agreements”) on the clearing of Renminbi business with financial 
institutions in a number of financial centres and cities (each, a “Renminbi Clearing Bank”) and these RMB 
Clearing Banks have been permitted to engage in the settlement of Renminbi trade transactions. 
However, the current size of Renminbi-denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited.  
There are restrictions imposed by the PBOC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-
border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBOC. The 
relevant RMB Clearing Bank only has access to its own onshore liquidity support from the PBOC to square 
open positions of its relevant participating banks for limited types of transactions. The relevant Renminbi 
Clearing Bank is not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other foreign 
exchange transactions or conversion services. In each case, the participating banks will need to source Renminbi 
from outside the PRC to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth 
is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There is a risk that 
new PRC regulations will be promulgated in the future or the Settlement Agreements will be terminated or 
amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi offshore. The limited 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of RMB Notes. To the extent the Issuer is 
required to source Renminbi in the offshore market to service its RMB Notes, there is a risk that either the 
Issuer will not be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. Should the Issuer resort to using 
another currency, such as U.S. dollar, to respect its payment obligations under the RMB Notes, the relevant 
Noteholders may lose part of their investment when converting such currency back into Renminbi, depending 
on the prevailing exchange rate at that time. 
2.4 
Risk Factors Relating to Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant 
adverse effect on the value and marketability of the Notes and Noteholders could lose part of their investment. 
3 
Risk Factors Relating to the market generally 
Market Value of the Notes 
Application will be made in certain circumstances to list and admit the Notes on Euronext Paris. 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of additional 
factors, including the value of an index, including, but not limited to, the volatility of an index, market interest 
and yield rates and the time remaining to the Maturity Date.

--- Page 26 ---
A44983740 
26 
The value of the Notes on Euronext Paris depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, 
financial and political events in France or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally and 
the stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the 
Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial and adverse, from the issue price or 
the purchase price paid by such Noteholder and result in losing all or part of their investment in the Notes.  
No active Secondary/Trading Market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which 
there may be no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be 
consolidated with and form a single Series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If the Notes are 
traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon 
prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial 
condition of the Issuer. Should the Notes be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, there is a risk that 
an active trading market may not develop in respect of any Tranche of Notes. Accordingly, a trading market for 
any particular Tranche of Notes may not develop or may be illiquid. As a consequence, investors may not be 
able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable them to realise their anticipated yield and as a result, 
investors could lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
Exchange Rates risks and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies. An investment in the Notes may involve 
exchange rate risks. The reference assets or the Notes may be denominated in a currency other than the currency 
of the purchaser’s home jurisdiction; and/or the reference assets or the Notes may be denominated in a currency 
other than the currency in which a purchaser wishes to receive funds. Exchange rates between currencies are 
determined by factors of supply and demand in the international currency markets which are influenced by 
macro-economic factors, speculation and central bank and government intervention (including the imposition 
of currency controls and restrictions). Fluctuations in exchange rates may affect the value of the Notes or the 
reference assets. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. If this risk ever materialises, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal at all. 
Potential conflict of interests 
All or some of the Dealers and, as the case may be, the Calculation Agent and the Make-Whole Call Calculation 
Agent and their respective affiliates (including their parent companies) have and/or may in the future engage, 
in investment banking, commercial banking and/or other financial advisory and commercial dealings with the 
Issuer and its affiliates and in relation to securities issued by any entity of the Group (as defined in the 
“Important Notice” section of this Base Prospectus). They have or may, in the ordinary course of their business, 
(i) engage in investment banking, trading or hedging activities including activities that may include prime 
brokerage business, financing transactions or entry into derivative transactions, (ii) act as underwriters in 
connection with offering of shares or other securities issued by any entity of the Group or (iii) act as financial 
advisers to the Issuer or other companies of the Group. In the context of these transactions, certain of such 
Dealers have or may hold shares or other securities issued by entities of the Group. Where applicable, they have 
or will receive customary fees and commissions for these transactions. Hence, the Dealers for a Tranche of 
Notes may have interests differing from the Noteholder’s interests with respect to the implementation of an 
issue of Notes. 
Each of the Issuer and the Dealer(s) may from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or 
related derivatives which may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed 
to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders.

--- Page 27 ---
A44983740 
27 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent or the Make-Whole Call Calculation 
Agent, if any, for a Tranche of Notes and the Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as Calculation Agent), 
including with respect to certain discretionary determinations and judgements that such Calculation Agent or 
such Make-Whole Call Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes that 
may influence the amount receivable upon redemption of the Notes. In particular, whilst a Calculation Agent 
or a Make-Whole Call Calculation Agent will, as the case may be, have information barriers and procedures in 
place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged in 
transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders 
during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which 
could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders.

--- Page 28 ---
A44983740 
28 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following pages identified in the 
cross-reference table below of the following documents which have been previously filed with the AMF as 
competent authority in France for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
(A) 
The pages referred to in the table below which are included in the Issuer’s 2020 Document 
d’Enregistrement Universel in the French language, filed with the AMF under no. D.21-0284 on 
9 April 2021 (the “2020 URD”), which includes the audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer as at 31 December 2020 prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union, 
available on:  
http://documents.publicisgroupe.com/resultat2021/PBS_PUBLICIS_URD_2020_FR_MEL_21_04_09.
pdf (French version);  
(B) 
The pages referred to in the table below which are included in the Issuer’s 2019 Document 
d’Enregistrement Universel in the French language, filed with the AMF under no. D.20-0361 on 
27 April 2020 (the “2019 URD”), which includes the audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer as at 31 December 2019 prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union, 
available on:  
https://www.publicisgroupe.com/sites/default/files/investors-document/2020-
04/PUBLICIS%20GROUPE%20URD_FR_depot%20AMF%2027%2004%202020%202_0.pdf 
(French version); and  
(C) 
The pages referred to in the table below which are included in the Issuer’s interim financial report in the 
French language, for the six-month period ended on 30 June 2021 (the “2021 Half-Year Financial 
Report”) , available on:  
https://www.publicisgroupe.com/sites/default/files/investors-document/2021-
07/PBS2021_RFS_FR_MEL.pdf (French version).  
Such pages shall be incorporated in, and shall be deemed to form part of, this Base Prospectus, except that any 
statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be modified 
or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies 
or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The availability of the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus is described in 
section “General Information” under paragraph 10 “Documents available”. 
The non-incorporated parts of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
The English translation of the 2021 Half-Year Financial Report, 2020 URD and the 2019 URD are available on 
the website of the Issuer (www.publicisgroupe.com). Such English translations are available for information 
purposes only and are not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and may not be relied upon. The 
only binding versions are the French language versions. 
For the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation, information can be found in the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus in accordance with the following cross-reference table (in which the 
numbering refers to the relevant items of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 
14 March 2019 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended (the “Commission Delegated 
Regulation”).

--- Page 29 ---
A44983740 
29 
For the avoidance of doubt, “Not applicable” in the cross-reference table below means that the information is 
not relevant for the purposes of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation or covered elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference, the information on 
the websites to which the Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
Items of such Annex 7 which are not listed in the cross-reference table below are also not relevant because 
included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
However the information set out in sections “Description of Publicis” or “Recent Developments” can complete 
or modify the information incorporated by reference.  
 
Information incorporated by reference 
 (Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the 
Prospectus Regulation, as amended) 
Page numbers 
2021 Half-Year 
Financial Report 
2019 URD 
2020 URD 
2. Statutory auditors 
 
 
 
2.1 Names and addresses of the issuer’s auditors 
for the period covered by the historical financial 
information (together with their membership in a 
professional body). 
 
 
324 
2.2 If auditors have resigned, been removed or 
have not been re-appointed during the period 
covered by the historical financial information, 
indicate details if material. 
 
 
324 
3. Risk factors 
 
 
 
3.1 A description of the material risks that are 
specific to the issuer and that may affect the 
issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
securities, in a limited number of categories, in 
a section headed ‘Risk Factors’. 
In each category the most material risks, in the 
assessment of the issuer, offeror or person 
asking for admission to trading on a regulated 
market, taking into account the negative impact 
on the issuer and the probability of their 
occurrence, shall be set out first. The risk 
factors shall be corroborated by the content of 
the registration document. 
 
 
39-44

--- Page 30 ---
A44983740 
30 
Information incorporated by reference 
 (Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the 
Prospectus Regulation, as amended) 
Page numbers 
2021 Half-Year 
Financial Report 
2019 URD 
2020 URD 
4. Information about the Issuer 
 
 
 
4.1 History and development of the Issuer 
 
 
22-26 
4.1.1 Legal and commercial name 
 
 
304 
4.1.2 The place of registration of the issuer, its 
registration number and legal entity identifier 
(‘LEI’). 
 
 
304 
4.1.3 The date of incorporation and the length of 
life of the issuer, except where the period is 
indefinite. 
 
 
304 
4.1.4 The domicile and legal form of the issuer, 
the legislation under which the issuer operates, 
its country of incorporation, the address, 
telephone number of its registered office (or 
principal place of business if different from its 
registered office) and website of the issuer, if 
any, with a disclaimer that the information on 
the website does not form part of the prospectus 
unless that information is incorporated by 
reference into the prospectus. 
 
 
304 
4.1.5 Any recent events particular to the issuer 
and which are to a material extent relevant to an 
evaluation of the issuer’s solvency. 
4-13 
 
8-9, 197 
4.1.6 Credit ratings assigned to the issuer at the 
request or with the cooperation of the issuer in 
the rating process. 
 
 
44 
5. Business overview 
 
 
 
5.1 Principal activities 
 
 
 
5.1.1 A brief description of the issuer’s principal 
activities stating the main categories of products 
sold and/or services performed. 
 
 
12, 28-32 
5.1.2 The basis for any statements made by the 
issuer regarding its competitive position. 
 
 
33-34 
6. Organisational structure 
 
 
 
6.1 If the issuer is part of a group, a brief 
description of the group and the issuer’s 
position within the group. This may be in the 
 
 
27

--- Page 31 ---
A44983740 
31 
Information incorporated by reference 
 (Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the 
Prospectus Regulation, as amended) 
Page numbers 
2021 Half-Year 
Financial Report 
2019 URD 
2020 URD 
form of, or accompanied by, a diagram of the 
organisational structure if this helps to clarify 
the structure. 
6.2 If the issuer is dependent upon other entities 
within the group, this must be clearly stated 
together with an explanation of this dependence. 
 
 
Not applicable 
7. Trend information 
 
 
 
7.1 A description of: 
(a) any material adverse change in the prospects 
of the issuer since the date of its last published 
audited financial statements; and 
(b) any significant change in the financial 
performance of the group since the end of the 
last financial period for which financial 
information has been published to the date of 
the registration document. 
If neither of the above are applicable then the 
issuer should include (an) appropriate negative 
statement(s). 
4- 13 
 
197 
8. Profit forecasts or estimates 
 
 
 
8.1 Where an issuer includes on a voluntary 
basis a profit forecast or a profit estimate, that 
profit forecast or estimate shall be clear and 
unambiguous and contain a statement setting 
out the principal assumptions upon which the 
issuer has based its forecast or estimate. 
The forecast or estimate shall comply with the 
following principles: 
(a) there must be a clear distinction between 
assumptions about factors which the members 
of the administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies can influence and 
assumptions about factors which are exclusively 
outside the influence of the members of the 
administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies; 
(b) the assumptions must be reasonable, readily 
understandable by investors, specific and 
Not applicable 
 
Not applicable

--- Page 32 ---
A44983740 
32 
Information incorporated by reference 
 (Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the 
Prospectus Regulation, as amended) 
Page numbers 
2021 Half-Year 
Financial Report 
2019 URD 
2020 URD 
precise and not relate to the general accuracy of 
the estimates underlying the forecast. 
(c) in the case of a forecast, the assumptions 
shall draw the investor’s attention to those 
uncertain factors which could materially change 
the outcome of the forecast. 
8.2 The prospectus shall include a statement that 
the profit forecast or estimate has been compiled 
and prepared on a basis which is both: 
(a) comparable with the historical financial 
information; 
(b) consistent with the issuer’s accounting 
policies. 
Not applicable 
 
Not applicable 
9. Administrative, management and 
supervisory bodies 
 
 
 
9.1 Names, business addresses and functions 
within the issuer of the following persons and 
an indication of the principal activities 
performed by them outside of that issuer where 
these are significant with respect to that issuer: 
(a) members of the administrative, management 
or supervisory bodies; 
(b) partners with unlimited liability, in the case of 
a limited partnership with a share capital. 
 
 
50-75 
9.2 Administrative, management, and 
supervisory bodies conflicts of interests 
Potential conflicts of interests between any 
duties to the issuer, of the persons referred to in 
item 9.1, and their private interests and or other 
duties must be clearly stated. In the event that 
there are no such conflicts, a statement to that 
effect must be made. 
 
 
52, 53, 72, 73 
10. Major shareholders 
 
 
 
10.1 To the extent known to the issuer, state 
whether the issuer is directly or indirectly 
owned or controlled and by whom and describe 
the nature of such control and describe the 
 
 
306-308

--- Page 33 ---
A44983740 
33 
Information incorporated by reference 
 (Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the 
Prospectus Regulation, as amended) 
Page numbers 
2021 Half-Year 
Financial Report 
2019 URD 
2020 URD 
measures in place to ensure that such control is 
not abused. 
10.2 A description of any arrangements, known 
to the issuer, the operation of which may at a 
subsequent date result in a change in control of 
the issuer. 
 
 
308 
11. Financial information concerning the 
Issuer’s assets and liabilities, financial 
position and profits and losses 
 
 
 
11.1 Historical financial information 
 
 
 
11.1.1 Historical financial information covering 
the latest two financial years (at least 24 
months) or such shorter period as the issuer has 
been in operation and the audit report in respect 
of each year. 
 
 
 
- Balance sheet 
18 
186, 259-260 
202, 277-278 
- Income statement 
16-17 
184-185, 258 
200-201, 276 
- Cash flow statement 
19 
187, 261 
203, 279 
- Accounting policies and explanatory notes 
22-44 
190-249, 262-
279 
206-268, 
280-297 
- Audit reports 
46 
250-255, 281-
284 
269-274, 
299-302 
11.1.2 Change of accounting reference date 
If the issuer has changed its accounting 
reference date during the period for which 
historical financial information is required, the 
audited historical financial information shall 
cover at least 24 months, or the entire period for 
which the issuer has been in operation, 
whichever is shorter. 
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
11.1.3 Accounting standards 
The financial information must be prepared 
according to International Financial Reporting 
Standards as endorsed in the Union based on 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. 
22-44 
(consolidated 
accounts) 
262-279 (non-
consolidated 
accounts) and 
190-249 
(consolidated 
accounts) 
280-297 
(non-
consolidated 
accounts) and 
206-268 
(consolidated 
accounts)

--- Page 34 ---
A44983740 
34 
Information incorporated by reference 
 (Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the 
Prospectus Regulation, as amended) 
Page numbers 
2021 Half-Year 
Financial Report 
2019 URD 
2020 URD 
If Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 is not 
applicable the financial statements must be 
prepared according to: 
(a) a Member State’s national accounting 
standards for issuers from the EEA as required 
by Directive 2013/34/EU; 
(b) a third country’s national accounting 
standards equivalent to Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 for third country issuers. 
Otherwise the following information must be 
included in the registration document: 
(a) a prominent statement that the financial 
information included in the registration 
document has not been prepared in accordance 
with International Financial Reporting 
Standards as endorsed in the Union based on 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 and that there 
may be material differences in the financial 
information had Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 
been applied to the historical financial 
information; 
(b) immediately following the historical 
financial information a narrative description of 
the differences between Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 as adopted by the Union and the 
accounting principles adopted by the issuer in 
preparing its annual financial statements. 
11.1.4 Where the audited financial information 
is prepared according to national accounting 
standards, the financial information must 
include at least the following: 
(a) the balance sheet; 
(b) the income statement; 
(c) the accounting policies and explanatory 
notes. 
See above 
(11.1.1) 
See above 
(11.1.1) 
See above 
(11.1.1) 
11.1.5 Consolidated financial statements 
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone and 
consolidated financial statements, include at 
least the consolidated financial statements in the 
registration document.

--- Page 35 ---
A44983740 
35 
Information incorporated by reference 
 (Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the 
Prospectus Regulation, as amended) 
Page numbers 
2021 Half-Year 
Financial Report 
2019 URD 
2020 URD 
- Balance sheet 
18 
186 
202 
- Income statement 
16-17 
184-185 
200-201 
- Cash flow statement 
19 
187 
203 
- Changes in equity 
20-21 
188-189 
204-205 
- Accounting policies and explanatory notes 
22-44 
190-249 
206-268 
11.1.6 Age of financial information 
The balance sheet date of the last year of 
audited financial information may not be older 
than 18 months from the date of the registration 
document. 
18 
186, 259-260 
202, 277-278 
11.2 Auditing of historical annual financial 
information 
 
 
 
11.2.1 The historical annual financial 
information must be independently audited. The 
audit report shall be prepared in accordance 
with Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) 
No 537/2014. 
Where Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation 
(EU) No 537/2014 do not apply, the historical 
financial information must be audited or 
reported on as to whether or not, for the 
purposes of the registration document, it gives a 
true and fair view in accordance with auditing 
standards applicable in a Member State or an 
equivalent standard. 
Otherwise, the following information must be 
included in the registration document:  
(a) a prominent statement disclosing which 
auditing standards have been applied; 
(b) an explanation of any significant departures 
from International Standards on Auditing. 
46 (limited review 
report) 
250-255, 281-
284 
269-274, 
299-302 
11.2.1a Where audit reports on the historical 
financial information have been refused by the 
statutory auditors or where they contain 
qualifications, 
modifications 
of 
opinion, 
disclaimers or an emphasis of matter, the reason 
must be given, and 
such qualifications, 
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
Not applicable

--- Page 36 ---
A44983740 
36 
Information incorporated by reference 
 (Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the 
Prospectus Regulation, as amended) 
Page numbers 
2021 Half-Year 
Financial Report 
2019 URD 
2020 URD 
modifications, disclaimers or emphasis of matter 
must be reproduced in full.  
11.2.2 Indication of other information in the 
registration document which has been audited by 
the auditors. 
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
11.2.3 Where financial information in the 
registration document is not extracted from the 
issuer’s audited financial statements state the 
source of the data and state that the data is not 
audited. 
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
11.3 Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
 
 
11.3.1 Information on any governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the issuer is aware), during a period 
covering at least the previous 12 months which 
may have, or have had in the recent past 
significant effects on the issuer and/or group’s 
financial position or profitability, or provide an 
appropriate negative statement. 
31 
 
44, 225, 235, 
272 
11.4 A description of any significant change in 
the financial position of the group which has 
occurred since the end of the last financial 
period for which either audited financial 
information or interim financial information 
have been published, or provide an appropriate 
negative statement. 
13 
 
Not applicable 
12. Material contracts 
 
 
 
12.1 A brief summary of all material contracts 
that are not entered into in the ordinary course 
of the issuer’s business, which could result in 
any group member being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the issuer’s ability 
to meet its obligations to security holders in 
respect of the securities being issued. 
 
 
38

--- Page 37 ---
A44983740 
37 
Information incorporated by reference 
 (Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the 
Prospectus Regulation, as amended) 
Page numbers 
2021 Half-Year 
Financial Report 
2019 URD 
2020 URD 
13. Documents available 
 
 
 
13.1 A statement that for the term of the 
registration document the following documents, 
where applicable, can be inspected: 
(a) the up to date memorandum and articles of 
association of the issuer; 
(b) all reports, letters, and other documents, 
valuations and statements prepared by any 
expert at the issuer’s request any part of which 
is included or referred to in the registration 
document. 
An indication of the website on which the 
documents may be inspected. 
 
 
322 
 
Any information not listed above but included in the documents incorporated by reference is given for 
information purposes only and shall not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 38 ---
A44983740 
38 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer is required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to provisions of Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or a further Base Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed and 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA, shall constitute 
(only in respect of an appropriate supplement to the Base Prospectus) a prospectus supplement as required by 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme 
there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from 
this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of 
the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position, and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching 
to the Notes, and the reason for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to each 
Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto or replacement Base Prospectus as such Dealer may 
reasonably request.

--- Page 39 ---
A44983740 
39 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, 
the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted 
by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the 
full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms 
and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), 
shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the 
Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
All capitalised terms are defined in these Conditions and those which are not will have the meanings given to 
them in the relevant Final Terms. 
An amended and restated agency agreement dated 17 September 2021 (as amended or supplemented from time 
to time, the “Amended and Restated Agency Agreement”) has been agreed between Publicis Groupe S.A. 
(“Publicis” or the “Issuer”), BNP Paribas Securities Services as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it. 
The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the consolidation agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if 
any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall 
include the Fiscal Agent), the “Consolidation Agent” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The holders of 
Dematerialised Notes and Materialised Notes, the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to 
interest bearing Materialised Notes and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons (the “Talons”) for 
further Coupons (the “Couponholders”) and the holders of the receipts (the “Receipts”) for the payment of 
instalments of principal (the “Receiptholders”) relating to Materialised Notes of which the principal is payable 
in instalments are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Amended and Restated Agency 
Agreement applicable to them.  
An amended and restated make-whole call calculation agency agreement dated 17 September 2021 (as amended 
or supplemented from time to time, the “Amended and Restated Make-Whole Call Calculation Agency 
Agreement”) has been agreed between the Issuer and Conv-Ex Advisors Limited as make-whole call 
calculation agent when Condition 6(d) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms (the “Make Whole 
Call Calculation Agent”). 
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs 
below. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, “Regulated Market” means any regulated market situated in 
a Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) as defined in the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended from time to time, and “accrued interest” shall refer to any unpaid accrued 
interest. 
1 
Form, Denomination(s) and Title 
(a) 
Form:  
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form 
(“Materialised Notes”). 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier (the “Code”) by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical 
document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the Code) will be 
issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
A44983740 
40 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer and as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the “Final Terms”), in either bearer dematerialised form (au porteur), in which case they are inscribed 
in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) (“Euroclear France”) which shall credit 
the accounts of Account Holders, or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter 
case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder in either administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or the Registration 
Agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the “Registration Agent”). 
The Issuer may require the identification of the Noteholders in accordance with French law unless such 
right is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Account Holder” means any financial intermediary institution 
entitled directly or indirectly to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and 
includes the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream”) and Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”). 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form (“Materialised Bearer Notes”). Materialised Bearer Notes 
are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in 
the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due 
after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. Instalment Notes 
are issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the Code, securities (such as Notes) which are 
governed by French law and are in materialised form must be issued outside the French territory. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final Terms 
(the “Specified Denomination(s)”) save that the minimum denomination of each Note listed and 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation will be at least €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date) or such other higher amount 
as may be set forth in the Final Terms. Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified 
Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only 
be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of 
such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer 
or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons, 
Receipt(s) and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue (“Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes”), 
shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined 
below) of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of

--- Page 41 ---
A44983740 
41 
ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable 
for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, “holder of Notes”, “holder of any Note” or “Noteholder” means (i) in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant 
Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being the owner 
of such Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Note and the Receipts, Coupons, or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms have the 
meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating 
that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
2 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be converted 
into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of the 
Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), 
and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance 
with Article R.211-4 of the Code. Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such 
Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes: 
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Bearer 
Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
3 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and, where applicable, any relative Receipts and Coupons constitute direct, general, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and 
will rank at all times pari passu and without any preference or priority among themselves and (subject to such 
exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under French law) equally and rateably with all other unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations, present or future, of the Issuer. 
4 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Receipts, Coupons or Talons relating to them, remain 
outstanding, the Issuer agrees not to, and will cause its Subsidiaries (as defined below), not to, create or grant 
any mortgage, lien, charge, pledge or other form of security interest (“Security”) over any of their respective 
real property, any part of their business (fonds de commerce) or any of their commercial debt (créances 
commerciales) for the benefit of holders of any Relevant Debt (as defined below) (except to holders of any 
Relevant Debt issued in connection with the securitisation of commercial debt or any other transactions 
involving the issuance of Relevant Debt representing commercial debt of the Issuer, provided that the recourse 
of the Person (as defined below) making any such Relevant Debt available is limited fully to such commercial 
debt), without granting equally and rateably the same Security to the Noteholders. This agreement by the Issuer

--- Page 42 ---
A44983740 
42 
relates exclusively to the issuance of other Relevant Debt, and in no way affects the Issuer’s ability to dispose 
of its assets or to otherwise grant any Security over any such assets under any other circumstances. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, undertaking, 
association, organisation, trust, state or agency (in each case whether or not having separate legal personality); 
“Relevant Debt” means, any indebtedness of any Person for borrowed money represented by negotiable bonds 
or notes which are listed, or capable of being listed, on any regulated securities exchange. For the avoidance of 
doubt, any bonds or notes representing interests in loan facilities shall not, unless actually listed, constitute 
Relevant Debt; and 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person and at any particular time, any other Person of which more than 
fifty per cent. (50%) of the issued share capital (or ownership interests) is then beneficially owned by such first 
Person and/or one or more of the Subsidiaries of such other Person. 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those that have 
been redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption has 
occurred and the redemption monies (including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such 
redemption and, in case of consideration of the matter after the date for such redemption, any interest payable 
after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form and in administered 
registered form, to the relevant Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder, (ii) in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes in fully registered form, to the account of the Noteholder and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to 
the Fiscal Agent and remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of Materialised Bearer 
Notes, Receipts and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which 
claims have become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in these 
Conditions, (e) in the case of Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes that 
have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Materialised Bearer Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of 
determining how many such Materialised Bearer Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for 
any other purpose) those Materialised Bearer Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect 
of which replacement Materialised Bearer Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate 
to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, pursuant 
to its provisions. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or (b) a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate, as the case may be, and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no 
such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce 
an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Independent 
Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied);

--- Page 43 ---
A44983740 
43 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where 
such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be.  
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(D)(b) is customarily applied in international debt 
capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b)(iii)(D)(d). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or that 
it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that the 
Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the 
date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate, the discontinuation of the Original 
Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, and not the 
date of the relevant public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for making such 
determination. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Euro, a day on which the Trans European Automated Real Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer system (known as TARGET 2 system) or any successor thereto (the “TARGET 
System”) is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”); and/or 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in Renminbi in Hong Kong and in the relevant Business 
Centre(s) (if any); and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a specified currency other than Euro and Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
principal financial centre for such currency; and/or

--- Page 44 ---
A44983740 
44 
(iv) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the “Business Centre(s)”), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business 
Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres so specified. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual – ISDA” or “Act/Act” or “Act/Act (ISDA)” is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of calendar days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (B) the actual number of calendar days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 – FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is 
the actual number of calendar days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose denominator 
is 365. If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual/365 – FBF shall mean the sum 
of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during the non-
leap year and whose denominator is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number of 
actual calendar days elapsed during the leap year and whose denominator is 366; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/Actual – FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of each calculation, 
the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during such period 
and whose denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Calculation Period); 
(iv) 
if “Actual/Actual – ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of 
(x) the number of calendar days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
• 
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of calendar days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
• 
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of calendar days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year, 
in each case where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date, and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none 
is specified, the Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 45 ---
A44983740 
45 
(v) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(vi) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vii) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
DAY COUNT FRACTION= 
[360 × (Y2-Y1)]+[30 × (M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; and 
(viii) if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
DAY COUNT FRACTION= 
[360 × (Y2-Y1)]+[30 × (M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and

--- Page 46 ---
A44983740 
46 
(ix) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
DAY COUNT FRACTION= 
[360 × (Y2-Y1)]+[30 × (M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to 
time. 
“FBF” means the Fédération Bancaire Française. 
“FBF Definitions” means the definitions set out in the June 2013/2007 FBF Master Agreement relating 
to transactions on forward financial instruments and the technical schedules (additifs techniques) 
published from time to time by the FBF, as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a). 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means 
the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be and in each case as defined in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period or 
the interest amount in relation to RMB Notes, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual

--- Page 47 ---
A44983740 
47 
Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two Business Days in the city specified 
in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date or such other date(s) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date.  
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that 
is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London office of four 
major banks in the London inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if otherwise, the principal 
offices of five major banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, in each case selected by the Calculation 
Agent or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or any Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate). 
“Relevant Inter-Bank Market” means such inter-bank market as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate, as applicable: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as 
applicable, relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof.  
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or any successor or replacement 
page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service). 
“Relevant Screen Page Time” means such time as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or any 
successor or replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service).

--- Page 48 ---
A44983740 
48 
“RMB Note” means a Note denominated in Renminbi. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, following a Benchmark Event, more than one 
successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent 
Adviser shall determine which of those successor or replacement rates is the most appropriate, taking 
into consideration, without limitation, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the 
Issuer. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on 
the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear (except as otherwise provided 
in the relevant Final Terms) on each Interest Payment Date. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall 
mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown in the relevant Final 
Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date 
shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, where the relevant Final Terms specifies that the relevant Business Day Convention is 
to be applied on an “unadjusted” basis, the Interest Amount payable on any date shall not be 
affected by the application of the Business Day Convention. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and the provisions below relating to either FBF Determination, ISDA Determination or

--- Page 49 ---
A44983740 
49 
Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes: 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate. For 
the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “FBF Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means 
a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent for a 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under 
which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date is the first calendar day of that 
Interest Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate” (Taux Variable), “Floating 
Rate Determination Date” (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable) and “Transaction” 
(Transaction) have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF Definitions. 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes: 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
the designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes: 
(1) 
 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either

--- Page 50 ---
A44983740 
50 
(i) 11:00 a.m. (London time in the case of LIBOR or Brussels time in the case of 
EURIBOR) or (ii) if otherwise, the Relevant Screen Page Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or 
more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(b) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (a)(i) applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-paragraph 
(a)(ii) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, (i) if 
the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the principal London office of each of the Reference 
Banks, (ii) if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of 
each of the Reference Banks, or (iii) if otherwise, each of the Reference Banks to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at 
approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time), if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if otherwise, at the Relevant Screen 
Page Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(c) 
If paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 
11:00 a.m. (London time), if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if otherwise, at the Relevant Screen Page Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks in, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, or, if otherwise, 
the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at 
approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time), if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time), or, if otherwise, at the Relevant Screen 
Page Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks 
(which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference 
Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR,

--- Page 51 ---
A44983740 
51 
the Euro zone inter-bank market, or, if otherwise, the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, 
as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period). 
(2) 
CMS Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being CMS Rate, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available at the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date: (i) the Calculation Agent shall request each of the 
CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the 
Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; (ii) if at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest quotations and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest quotations) and (iii) if on 
any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its 
absolute discretion, in accordance with the then prevailing standard market 
practice. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (2): 
“CMS Rate” shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity and such other 
characteristics as may be set forth in the Final Terms, expressed as a percentage, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
“CMS Reference Banks” means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the 
principal office of five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the 
Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five leading swap 
dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is U.S. 
dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers in the New 
York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency,

--- Page 52 ---
A44983740 
52 
the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the 
Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the 
Calculation Agent. 
“Reference Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to a Reference Currency, the 
financial centre specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Designated Maturity”, “Margin”, “Specified Time” and “Relevant Screen 
Page” shall have the meaning given to those terms in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Relevant Swap Rate” means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-
for-floating Euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the 
Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each 
case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-
EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
(the “ISDA Definitions”)) with a designated maturity determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the then prevailing standard market 
practice or the ISDA Definitions; 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the mid-market semi-annual 
swap rate determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and 
offered rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on an Actual/365 
(Fixed) day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating Sterling interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on 
the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and in a Representative 
Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, 
where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day 
count basis, is equivalent (A) if the Designated Maturity is greater than one 
year, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a 
designated maturity of six months or (B) if the Designated Maturity is one 
year or less, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA with a designated maturity of three 
months; 
(iii) 
where the Reference Currency is U.S. dollars, the mid-market semi-annual 
swap rate determined on the basis of the mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a 
fixed-for-floating U.S. dollar interest rate swap transaction with a term 
equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period and in a Representative Amount with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating 
leg, calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to USD-

--- Page 53 ---
A44983740 
53 
LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated 
maturity of three months; and 
(iv) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms 
specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance 
with the relevant Final Terms. 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(D) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in accordance with 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) and if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains 
to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use 
its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(b)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(d)). 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) shall act in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner 
as an expert. In the absence of bad faith, fraud or manifest error, the Independent 
Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, or the 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders for any determination made 
by it, pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a) prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If 
there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied 
to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a) shall 
apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent 
Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a).

--- Page 54 ---
A44983740 
54 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently 
be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)).  
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining, the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread. 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) 
and the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions 
are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, 
the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance 
with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(e), without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d), the Issuer shall comply with the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) will 
be notified promptly by the Issuer, after receiving such information from the 
Independent Adviser, to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Representative of the Masse and, in accordance with Condition 14, the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date 
of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.

--- Page 55 ---
A44983740 
55 
No later than notifying the Noteholders and the Representative of the Masse of the 
same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the 
Paying Agents a certificate signed by an authorised signatory of the Issuer and the 
Independent Adviser: 
(i) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate 
or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), 
in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D); and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in 
either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by the 
Noteholders at all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be 
entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient 
evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such 
certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination 
of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s, the 
Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as 
aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agent and the Noteholders. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (a), 
(b), (c) and (d), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided 
for in Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark 
Event has occurred. 
(a) 
New Benchmark Event in respect of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If Benchmark Amendments have been implemented pursuant to this Condition 
5(b)(iii)(D) and a new Benchmark Event occurs in respect of the then applicable 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the provisions of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(D) 
shall apply as if the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate were the Original Reference 
Rate. 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may 
elect, upon giving not less than 15 calendar days prior notice in accordance with Condition 13, to convert 
on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a 
Fixed Rate (the “Optional Change of Interest Date”) or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed 
Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms 
(the “Automatic Change of Interest Date”). 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the 
Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate

--- Page 56 ---
A44983740 
56 
of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(h)(i)). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless 
(i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon 
due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue (as well after as before judgement) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 
5 to the Relevant Date. 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts, 
and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the 
case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the 
absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. In no event shall the 
applicable rate of interest (including, for the sake of clarity, any applicable margin) be less than 
zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded 
to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall 
due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded 
up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest Yen. For these purposes 
“unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country(ies) of such currency. 
(h) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated 
by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by 
the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period, in which case 
the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount. 
Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect 
of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts: 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, 
determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the 
Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount (for the avoidance of doubt, other than any Optional Redemption Amount pursuant 
to Condition 6(d), which shall be determined by the Make-Whole Call Calculation Agent), Early 
Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or 
calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest 
Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final

--- Page 57 ---
A44983740 
57 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or any Instalment 
Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any 
other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon 
receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, such exchange as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if 
determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any 
Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the 
Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, 
the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue 
to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest 
or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the 
obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation 
Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agent(s) if provision is made for it(them) in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding (as defined in Condition 4). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect 
of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is 
unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest 
for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, 
Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount (for the 
avoidance of doubt, other than any Optional Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 6(d), which 
shall be determined by the Make-Whole Call Calculation Agent), as the case may be, or to comply with 
any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in 
the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is 
most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting 
through its principal Paris office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in 
its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as 
aforesaid. 
(k) 
RMB Notes: Notwithstanding the foregoing, each RMB Note which is a Fixed Rate Note bears interest 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum equal to the Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall 
on a day which is not a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which case it shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11:00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on each Interest 
Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for the 
relevant Interest Period. The determination of the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination 
by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error and after confirmation by the Issuer) be 
final and binding upon all parties. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to each of the Paying Agents and to

--- Page 58 ---
A44983740 
58 
be notified to Noteholders as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the 
fourth Business Day thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination and Interest 
Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest per Specified 
Denomination shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with this provision but no publication of the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination so calculated need be made. 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such product by the actual number of days in the relevant Interest Period or, 
as applicable, other period concerned and dividing it by 365, and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest Renminbi sub-unit, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note 
shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final 
Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Note 
falling within Condition 6(b) below, its final Instalment Amount. 
(b) 
Redemption by Instalments: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this 
Condition 6, each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially 
redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount 
(or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such 
Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of 
the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on the 
due date for such payment or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on presentation of the related Receipt, 
in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment 
Amount. 
(c) 
Residual Call Option: If a Residual Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with 
Condition 14 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) redeem, at any time as from (and including) the Residual Call Option Date (as specified in the 
Final Terms) until the Maturity Date, the Notes, in whole but not in part, at their nominal amount together 
with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(d) 
Make-Whole Call Option: If a Make-Whole Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in 
respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives and on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days’ irrevocable 
notice in accordance with Condition 14 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to 
time, prior to their Maturity Date (or, if a Residual Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
prior to the relevant Residual Call Option Date) (the date on which the Notes are so redeemed, for the 
purpose of this Condition 6(d), the “Optional Redemption Date” as shall be specified in the notice for

--- Page 59 ---
A44983740 
59 
redemption as aforesaid) at a price per relevant Specified Denomination of the Notes equal (subject as 
provided below and in Condition 6(f) in the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised 
Notes) to their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the Optional Redemption Date, if any. The “Optional Redemption Amount” per relevant 
Specified Denomination of Notes will be calculated by the Make-Whole Call Calculation Agent and will 
be the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum 
(rounded to the nearest cent of the Specified Currency (with half a cent being rounded upwards)) of the 
then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal (assuming for this purpose, if a 
Residual Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, that the Notes would otherwise be 
scheduled to be redeemed in whole on the Residual Call Option Date at their nominal amount together 
with interest accrued to, but excluding, such Residual Call Option Date) and interest on such Notes (not 
including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Optional Redemption Date) 
discounted (in accordance with applicable market conventions and on a basis which is consistent with 
the calculation of interest as set out in Condition 5) to the relevant Optional Redemption Date at the 
Redemption Rate plus a Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
In the case of a partial redemption, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(f) shall apply mutatis mutandis 
to this Condition 6(d), including without limitation in the case of Dematerialised Notes.  
“Redemption Rate” means (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) the average (rounded to the 
nearest whole multiple of 0.001%, with 0.0005% being rounded upwards) of such number of quotations 
as are available from the Reference Dealers (or, if only one such quotation is available, such quotation) 
of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) (or, if the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, the Similar Security) on the fourth 
business day preceding the Optional Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Paris time)), all as determined by 
the Make-Whole Call Calculation Agent. 
“Reference Dealer” means (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) each of the four banks 
selected by the Make-Whole Call Calculation Agent which are primary dealers in government securities 
issued by the issuer (or any other relevant related entity) of the Reference Security , or market makers 
in pricing corporate bond issues in the Specified Currency. 
“Similar Security” means the then outstanding benchmark bond of the issuer (or any other relevant 
related entity) of the Reference Security that (i) (to the extent there is any relevant market for new issues 
of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the Maturity Date (or, if a Residual Call Option 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Residual Call Option Date)) would be used, at the 
time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate 
debt securities of comparable maturity to the Maturity Date (or, if a Residual Call Option is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Residual Call Option Date)), or (ii) (where (i) does not apply) has 
the maturity date falling nearest to the Maturity Date (or, if a Residual Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Residual Call Option Date)), all as determined by the Make-Whole 
Call Calculation Agent and notified (promptly following such determination) by the Issuer in accordance 
with Condition 14.  
The Redemption Rate, Optional Redemption Amount and any accrued interest on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the Optional Redemption Date, if any, will be notified (promptly following the determination 
thereof) by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Make-Whole Call Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding upon all parties.

--- Page 60 ---
A44983740 
60 
The Make-Whole Call Calculation Agent shall act solely as agent of the Issuer and shall not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency for, and shall not be liable (to the fullest extent permitted by law) as 
against, any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of the Make-Whole Call Calculation Agent, provided that the Issuer shall procure that, 
in relation to any Note in respect of which a Make-Whole Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, there shall at all times be a Make-Whole Call Calculation Agent and for so long as such Note is 
outstanding (as defined in Condition 4). If the Make-Whole Call Calculation Agent is unable or 
unwilling to act as such or if the Make-Whole Call Calculation Agent fails duly to determine any rate or 
amount specified to be determined by it in this Condition 6(d), or to comply with any other requirement, 
the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm with appropriate expertise to act as 
such in its place. Subject as provided in the Amended and Restated Make-Whole Call Calculation 
Agency Agreement, the Make-Whole Call Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a 
successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(e) 
Clean-Up Call Option: If a Clean-Up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and if at least 
80 per cent. of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series have been redeemed 
or purchased and, in each case, cancelled, other than through a Make-Whole Call’s redemption by the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 6(d) above, the Issuer may on giving not less than 15 nor more than 
30 calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at their Clean-
Up Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms). 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption: If a Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days’ 
irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem, all or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, 
some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be (subject 
as provided below in the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes) at their 
Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for 
redemption, if any. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least 
equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and no 
greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes to be 
redeemed which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable 
in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements of the Regulated Market on 
which the Notes are listed and admitted to trading. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes of any Series, the redemption may 
be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in proportion to the 
aggregate nominal amount so redeemed, and in any such case each of the relevant Optional Redemption 
Amount and interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, if any, per Specified 
Denomination of Notes shall be reduced (and rounded to the nearest cent of the Specified Currency (with 
half a cent being rounded upwards)) in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount so redeemed.

--- Page 61 ---
A44983740 
61 
So long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules of such Regulated 
Market so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption of the 
Notes, cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221- 4 of the General Regulations 
(Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) and on the website of any 
other competent authority and/or Regulated Market where the Notes are listed and admitted to trading, 
a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised 
Notes, a list of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving not less than 30 calendar days’ 
notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem 
such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with a Paying Agent at its specified office during 
usual business hours a duly completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in the form 
obtained during usual business hours from any Paying Agent, within the notice period. In the case of 
Materialised Bearer Notes, the Exercise Notice shall have attached to it the relevant Notes (together with 
all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the 
Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the 
account of the Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agent with a specified office in Paris as specified in the 
Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred, may 
be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(h) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(i) or Condition 6(n) or upon it becoming 
due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount 
(calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Nominal Amount of 
any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate 
as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if 
they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(i) or Condition 6(n) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount of such Note as 
defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as 
though the date on which the Amortised Nominal Amount becomes due and payable were 
the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with 
this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the 
Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case 
the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such 
Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 5(f).

--- Page 62 ---
A44983740 
62 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described paragraph “Zero Coupon Notes” above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 6(i), or Condition 6(n), or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 
9 shall be the Final Redemption Amount. 
(i) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in, or any change in the official application or interpretation of, French 
law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment 
of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes, or, if applicable, of the Coupons, Receipts or 
Talons not be able to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts as specified 
under Condition 8 below, the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, subject to having given not more than 45 nor 
less than 30 calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders or, if applicable, to the holders of Coupons 
and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons (the “Talons”) for further Coupons 
(the “Couponholders”) or to the holders of Receipts (the “Receiptholders”) (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at 
their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption 
provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no 
earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and 
interest without withholding for such additional amounts. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would, on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, Coupons, 
Receipts or Talons, be prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if 
applicable, Couponholders or Receiptholders of the full amounts then due and payable, 
notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 8 below, then 
the Issuer, shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon 
giving not less than seven calendar days’ prior notice to the Noteholders or, if applicable, the 
Couponholders or the Receiptholders in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 
6(h) above) together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption on the latest 
practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount 
then due and payable in respect of the Notes or, if applicable, Receipts, Coupons or Talons, or, if 
that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(j) 
Early redemption of the Notes at the option of Noteholders following a Change of Control: 
If, at any time while any Notes remains outstanding (i) there occurs a Change of Control (as defined 
below) and (ii) a Rating Downgrade (as defined below) occurs or has occurred (the occurrence of (i) and 
(ii) together constituting a “Put Event”), any Noteholder will have the option (the “Change of Control 
Put Option”), (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice (as defined below), the Issuer gives 
notice of its intention to redeem the Notes under Condition 6(i)), during the early redemption period set 
forth below, to request the early redemption of all or part of the Notes held by such Noteholder at a price 
of par plus interest accrued to, but excluding, the Early Redemption Date (as defined below). 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall inform the 
Noteholders by means of a notice (the “Put Event Notice”) published in accordance with Condition 14. 
Such notice must inform Noteholders of their ability to require redemption of their Notes, and must 
indicate (i) the scheduled date for the early redemption of the Notes, which must be between the 25th and

--- Page 63 ---
A44983740 
63 
30th Business Day following the publication of such notice (the “Early Redemption Date”), (ii) the 
redemption amount and (iii) the period, of at least 15 Business Days, during which requests for early 
redemption of the Notes and the corresponding Notes must be received by the Fiscal Agent. 
To request the early redemption of their Notes, a Noteholder must submit a request to the financial 
intermediary holding its Notes in a securities account (the “Put Option Notice”). The Put Option Notice 
shall be irrevocable once received by the relevant financial intermediary. 
The Put Option Notice and the corresponding Notes must be transmitted to the Fiscal Agent between the 
20th and 5th Business Day preceding the Early Redemption Date.  
The date of the early redemption request shall correspond to the Business Day on which the last of 
conditions (i) and (ii) below are satisfied, if this occurs at or prior to 5:00 p.m. (Paris time) or the 
following Business Day if the same satisfaction occurs after 5:00 p.m. (Paris time): 
(i) 
the Fiscal Agent receives the Put Option Notice transmitted by the financial intermediary in 
whose accounts the Notes are held; and 
(ii) 
the Notes are transferred to the Fiscal Agent by the relevant financial intermediary. 
Payment in respect of such Notes will be made on the Early Redemption Date by transfer to the bank 
account specified in the Put Option Notice and otherwise subject to the provisions of Condition 7. 
For the purpose of this Condition 6(j): 
A “Change of Control” shall have occurred when one or more individual(s) or legal entity(ies), acting 
alone or in concert, that did not previously control the Issuer, acquires control of the Issuer, it being 
specified that the notion of “control” shall mean, for the purposes of this definition, holding (directly or 
indirectly through intermediary companies themselves controlled by the individual(s) or entity(ies) 
concerned) (x) the majority of voting rights attached to the Issuer’s shares or (y) more than forty per 
cent. (40%) of these voting rights if no other shareholder of the Issuer, acting alone or in concert, holds 
(directly or indirectly through intermediary companies controlled by this or these shareholder(s)) a 
higher percentage of voting rights. 
“Change of Control Period” means: 
(i) 
pursuant to a Change of Control, the period commencing on the date of the public announcement 
of the result (avis de résultat) by the Autorité des marchés financiers of the relevant Change of 
Control and ending on the date which is 90 calendar days (inclusive) after the date of the public 
announcement by the Autorité des marchés financiers of the relevant Change of Control, or 
(ii) 
pursuant to a Potential Change of Control, the period commencing 180 calendar days prior to the 
date of the public announcement of the result (avis de résultat) by the Autorité des marchés 
financiers of the relevant Change of Control and ending on the date of such announcement 
(inclusive). 
“Potential Change of Control” means any public announcement or statement by the Issuer or any actual 
or potential bidder relating to any potential Change of Control of the Issuer. 
A “Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control or Potential 
Change of Control if within the Change of Control Period any solicited rating previously assigned to the 
Notes by any Rating Agency (as defined below), is (x) withdrawn or (y) changed from an investment 
grade rating (BBB-, or its equivalent for the time being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating (BB+, 
or its equivalent for the time being, or worse) or (z) if the solicited rating previously assigned to the

--- Page 64 ---
A44983740 
64 
Notes by any Rating Agency was below an investment grade rating (as described above), lowered by at 
least one full rating notch (for example, from BB+ to BB; or their respective equivalents), provided that 
(i) a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a particular change in rating shall be deemed not 
to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control or Potential Change of Control if the Rating 
Agency does not publicly announce or publicly confirm that the reduction was the result of the Change 
of Control or Potential Change of Control and (ii) any Rating Downgrade must have been confirmed in 
a letter or other form of written communication sent to the Issuer and publicly disclosed. If the Notes 
are rated by more than one Rating Agency and such rating has been solicited by the Issuer, the rating to 
be taken into account to determine whether a Rating Downgrade has occurred shall be the lower rating 
assigned by any such Rating Agency. 
“Rating Agency” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. 
or any other rating agency of equivalent international standing and, in each case, their respective 
successors or affiliates. 
If the Notes cease at any time to have a rating assigned to them by at least one Rating Agency, the Issuer 
shall use its best endeavours to obtain a rating of the Notes from a Rating Agency as soon as practicable. 
(k) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of an Acquisition Event 
If an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and an Acquisition Event (as 
defined below) occurs, the Issuer may, on giving promptly and in any event not more than 60 days after 
the occurrence of such Acquisition Event and not more than 30 nor less than 15 calendar days before the 
date set for redemption, irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, subject 
to having also given notice to the Fiscal Agent, redeem in whole but not in part, the Notes at the Optional 
Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms together, if appropriate, with any interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. The Issuer may waive its right to call the Notes in accordance 
with this Condition 6(k) by giving notice (which shall be irrevocable) pursuant to Condition 14. 
An "Acquisition Event" shall have occurred if: 
(a) 
on or prior to the Acquisition Event Limit Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
has not completed and closed the acquisition of the Targeted Company (as defined in the relevant 
Final Terms); or 
(b) 
the Issuer has publicly stated that it no longer intends to pursue the acquisition of the Targeted 
Company (as defined in the relevant Final Terms). 
(l) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. Unless the 
possibility of holding and reselling is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms, all Notes so 
purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may be cancelled or held and resold in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations. 
(m) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will forthwith be 
cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, by surrendering the 
Materialised Bearer Notes in question together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all 
unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or surrendered, will, together 
with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating to such 
Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and

--- Page 65 ---
A44983740 
65 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where 
applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations 
of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(n) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law or any change in the official application of such 
law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply 
with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given not more 
than 45 nor less than 30 calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in 
accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption. 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall be 
made (i) (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered 
dematerialised form) by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant 
Account Holders for the benefit of the relevant Noteholder and (ii), (in the case of Dematerialised Notes 
in fully registered form, to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank designated by 
the relevant Noteholder). All payments validly made to such Account Holders will constitute an effective 
discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes 
shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender during usual business 
hours of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date 
for redemption and provided that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative Note), 
Materialised Bearer Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as 
specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 
7(f)(vi)), as the case may be, (i) in the case a currency other than Renminbi, at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, 
at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. 
“Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or (ii) in the case of Renminbi 
in Hong Kong, and (iii) in the case of Euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer Notes are 
denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Materialised Notes in the manner 
provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and 
(iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders, Couponholders or 
Receiptholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Registration 
Agent and the Consolidation Agent, initially appointed under the Amended and Restated Agency 
Agreement and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents,

--- Page 66 ---
A44983740 
66 
the Registration Agent and the Consolidation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Calculation 
Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each case such, do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registration Agent, 
the Consolidation Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, 
provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation 
Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, 
(iv) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities, (v) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, in fully registered form, a Registration Agent, and (vi) such other agents as may 
be required by the rules of any other Regulated Market on which the Notes may be listed and admitted 
to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) 
above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Materialised Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate 
Notes, those Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if 
any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured 
Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such 
missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall 
be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Amortised Nominal Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so 
deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon 
within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or 
not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 10) provided that, if any Materialised 
Bearer Note should be issued with a maturity date and an Interest Rate or Rates such that, on the 
presentation for payment of any such Note without any unmatured Coupons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith, the amount required to be deducted in respect of such unmatured Coupons 
would be greater than the relevant Redemption Amount otherwise due for payment, then, upon 
the due date for redemption of any such Note, such unmatured Coupons (whether or not attached) 
shall become void (and no payment shall be made in respect thereof) as shall be required so that, 
upon application of the foregoing provisions in respect of such Coupons as have not so become 
void, the amount required by this paragraph to be deducted would not be greater than the relevant 
Redemption Amount otherwise due for payment. Where the application of the foregoing 
provisions requires some but not all of the unmatured Coupons relating to a Materialised Bearer 
Note to become void and shall select for such purpose Coupons maturing on later dates in 
preference to Coupons maturing on earlier dates. 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate 
Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and 
no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon.

--- Page 67 ---
A44983740 
67 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note that is redeemable in 
instalments, all Receipts relating to such Materialised Bearer Note having an Instalment Date 
falling on or after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment 
shall be made in respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without 
all unmatured Coupons, and where any such Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and 
surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. Interest accrued on 
a Materialised Bearer Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if 
necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become 
void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is not a 
business day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor 
to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which 
Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) on which banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for business in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as 
“Financial Centres” in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) in the case of a payment in a currency other 
than Euro and Renminbi, where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank 
in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant 
currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) in the case of a payment 
in Euro, which is a TARGET Business Day, or (iii) in the case of payment in Renminbi, on which banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for business and settlement or Renminbi payment in Hong Kong. 
(i) 
Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent: Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, if an 
Inconvertibility, Non-Transferability or Illiquidity occurs or if Renminbi is otherwise not available to 
the Issuer as a result of circumstances beyond its control and such unavailability has been confirmed by 
a Renminbi Dealer, following which the Issuer is unable to satisfy payments of principal or interest (in 
whole or in part) in respect of RMB Notes, the Issuer on giving not less than five nor more than 30 
calendar day irrevocable notice to the Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, may settle any such 
payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such 
Renminbi denominated amount. 
In such event, payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest in respect of 
the Notes shall be made by transfer to the U.S. dollar account of the relevant Account Holders for the 
benefit of the Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, no such payment of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent 
shall by itself constitute a default in payment within the meaning of Condition 9.

--- Page 68 ---
A44983740 
68 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7(i) by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent, 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents and all Noteholders. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(i): 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or 
public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong. 
“Illiquidity” means that the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid, other 
than as a result of an event of Inconvertibility or Non-Transferability, as determined by the Issuer in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi Dealers. 
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert 
any amount due in respect of RMB Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, other 
than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or 
regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after 
the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such 
law, rule or regulation). 
“Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an 
account outside Hong Kong or from an account outside Hong Kong to an account inside Hong Kong 
(including where the Renminbi clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong is 
disrupted or suspended), other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to 
comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule 
or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond 
its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“Renminbi Dealer” means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in the 
Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong reasonably selected by the Issuer. 
“RMB Note” means a Note denominated in Renminbi. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Agent” means the agent appointed from time to time by the Issuer for the 
determination of the RMB Spot Rate or identified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong 
and in New York City. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Date” means the day which is two RMB Rate Calculation Business Days 
before the due date for payment of the relevant Renminbi amount under the Conditions. 
“RMB Spot Rate” for a RMB Rate Calculation Date means the spot RMB/U.S. dollar exchange rate for 
the purchase of U.S. dollars with RMB in the over-the-counter RMB exchange market in Hong Kong 
for settlement on the relevant due date for payment, as determined by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent 
at or around 11:00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on such RMB Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis 
by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3 or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable 
basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither such rate is available, the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent will determine the RMB Spot Rate at or around 11:00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the 
RMB Rate Calculation Date as the most recently available RMB/U.S. dollar official fixing rate for 
settlement on the relevant due date for payment reported by The State Administration of Foreign

--- Page 69 ---
A44983740 
69 
Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page 
on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service 
(or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a 
comparable currency exchange rate. 
“U.S. Dollar Equivalent” means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollars using the 
RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as calculated by the RMB Rate Calculation 
Agent. 
8 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding tax: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional amounts: If French law should require that payments of principal, interest or other revenues 
in respect of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of 
any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the 
Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in 
receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, as the case may 
be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been 
required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt, 
Coupon or Talon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, if applicable, a 
Receiptholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments, governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon by reason 
of his having some connection with the Republic of France other than the mere holding of the 
Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon; or 
(ii) 
Presentation more than 30 calendar days after the Relevant Date: in the case of Materialised 
Notes, more than 30 calendar days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Noteholder 
or, if applicable, the Receiptholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, would have been entitled 
to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such day; or 
(iii) 
Non-cooperative State or territory: if the Notes do not benefit from any exception provided in 
Bulletins officiels des Finances Publiques Impôts, BOI-INT-DG-20-50-20 and BOI-INT-DG-20-
50-30 dated 24 February 2021of the French tax authorities, and when such withholding or 
deduction is required to be made by reason of that interest, Receipt, Coupon or Talon being (x) 
paid to a bank account opened in a financial institution established in, or (y) paid or accrued to a 
person incorporated, established, domiciled in or acting through, a non-cooperative State or 
territory (Etat ou territoire non-coopératif) (i) as defined in Article 238-0 A of the French Code 
général des impôts (other than those mentioned in Article 238-0 A 2 bis 2° of the same code) for 
the purpose of Articles 125 A III and 119 bis of the same code and (ii) as defined in Article 238-
0 A of the French Code général des impôts for the purposes of Article 238 A of the same code; or

--- Page 70 ---
A44983740 
70 
(iv) 
Payment by another paying agent: presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who 
would be able to avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note or Coupon 
to another paying agent in a Member State of the European Union; or 
(v) 
Reporting: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, if applicable or a Couponholder, 
as the case may be, who would have been able to avoid such withholding or deduction by making 
a declaration of non-residence or similar claim for exemption or reduction of the applicable 
withholding or deduction but fails to do so. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions, the Issuer and any other person shall be permitted 
to withhold or deduct any amounts required by the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 
through 1474 (or any amended or successor provisions), pursuant to any IGA or implementing legislation 
adopted by another jurisdiction in connection with those provisions or pursuant to any agreement with 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“FATCA Withholding”) as a result of the Noteholder or, if applicable, 
the Receiptholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, or beneficial owner or an intermediary (that is 
not an agent of the Issuer) not being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA Withholding. Neither 
the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA 
Withholding. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon means 
the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is 
improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made 
or, in the case of Materialised Notes (if earlier) the date seven calendar days after that on which notice 
is duly given to the Noteholders or, if applicable, to the Receiptholders or Couponholders, as the case 
may be, that, upon further presentation of the Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon being made in accordance 
with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the 
nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” 
shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 
or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include 
any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
9 
Events of Default 
The Representative (as defined in Condition 11) may, upon written request of any Noteholder, by written notice 
to the Issuer, with a copy to the Fiscal Agent, cause all the Notes (but not some only) held by such Noteholder, 
to become immediately due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount together with any accrued interest 
thereon, as of the date on which a copy of such notice for payment is received by the Fiscal Agent, under the 
following circumstances (“Events of Default”): 
(a) 
in the event the Issuer fails to make payment of any sum due in respect of the Notes and the Issuer does 
not remedy such default within a period of 15 calendar days from the due date;  
(b) 
the breach by the Issuer on any of its other obligations, other than as referred to in Condition 9(a) above, 
under the Notes, if the Issuer does not remedy such breach within a period of 60 calendar days (unless 
the breach is not curable, in which case such delay does not apply) from the date such breach is notified 
to the Issuer by receipt of written notice by the Representative, with a copy to the Fiscal Agent;

--- Page 71 ---
A44983740 
71 
(c) 
(i) the failure to pay upon final maturity (after giving effect to the expiration of any applicable grace 
period therefor) the principal amount of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as defined below) of 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary (as defined below), (ii) the acceleration of the maturity of any 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary following a default by the 
Issuer or such Material Subsidiary, if such indebtedness is not discharged, or such acceleration is not 
cancelled, within 15 calendar days after receipt of written notice by the Representative, with a copy to 
the Fiscal Agent, or (iii) failure to pay any amount payable by the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary 
under any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money; provided, 
however, that no such event set forth in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of this Condition 9(c) shall permit the early 
redemption of the Notes unless the aggregate principal Indebtedness for Borrowed Money which is the 
subject of the events referred to in such paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above exceeds €50,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency);  
(d) 
prior to redemption in full of the Notes, a judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) or the transfer of the whole of the business (cession totale de l’entreprise) of the Issuer; or 
the Issuer is wound up or dissolved, except with the prior approval of the Masse; or to the extent 
permitted by law, the Issuer is subject to bankruptcy proceedings or bankruptcy or reaches an agreement 
with its creditors, or is merged into another entity, unless its activities and debts are transferred to a 
company which expressly assumes all the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the 
creditworthiness of such company is not materially weaker than that of the Issuer prior to such transfer. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Indebtedness for Borrowed Money” means any indebtedness (including capital or financing leases) 
for or in respect of borrowed money that has a final maturity of one year or more from its date of 
incurrence or issuance and that is evidenced by any agreement or other instrument, excluding trade 
payables. 
“Material Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary whose (a) net revenues or consolidated net revenues, as 
applicable, (before taxes and extraordinary items) represent at least 5 per cent. of the consolidated net 
revenues of the Issuer and of its Subsidiaries (before taxes and extraordinary items), or (b) gross assets 
or consolidated gross assets, as applicable, (the assets represented by the group’s shareholding, i.e. after 
deduction of minority interests), represent 5 per cent. or more of the gross consolidated assets of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries (the assets represented by the group’s shareholding, i.e. after deduction of 
minority interests) calculated based upon the most recent audited financial statements (or, as appropriate, 
the most recent audited consolidated accounts) of the Subsidiary concerned and the most recent audited 
consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
10 Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of 
principal) and 5 years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11 Representation of Noteholders 
(a) 
Masse 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence 
of their common interests in a masse (in each case, the “Masse”) which will be subject to the below 
provisions of this Condition.

--- Page 72 ---
A44983740 
72 
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce (with the exception of 
Articles L.228-48, L.228-59, L.228-65 II, L.228-71, R.228-63, R.228-69, R-228-72 and R.228-78 
thereof) provided that notices calling for a general meeting of the Noteholders (a “General Meeting”), 
resolutions passed at any General Meeting or by Written Resolutions (together with General Meetings, 
the “Collective Decisions”) and any other decision to be published pursuant to French legal and 
regulatory provisions will be published only as provided under Condition 14. 
(i) 
Legal Personality: 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity, by virtue of Article L.228-46 of the French Code de 
commerce and will act in part through a representative (the “Representative”) and in part through 
Collective Decisions. 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, 
actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively with respect to the Notes. 
(ii) 
Representative of the Masse: 
The office of Representative may be conferred on a person of any nationality. However, the 
following persons may not be chosen as Representatives: 
• 
the Issuer, the members of its Board of Directors (conseil d’administration), Management 
Board (directoire) or Supervisory Board (conseil de surveillance), its general managers 
(directeurs généraux) or equivalent corporate bodies, its statutory auditors or its 
employees and their ascendants, descendants and spouses; or 
• 
companies possessing at least ten per cent. (10%) of the share capital of the Issuer or 
companies having ten per cent. (10%) or more of their share capital held by the Issuer; or 
• 
companies guaranteeing all or part of the obligations of the Issuer, their respective 
managers (gérants), general managers (directeurs généraux), members of their Board of 
Directors (conseil d’administration), Management Board (directoire), Supervisory Board 
(conseil de surveillance), their statutory auditors, or employees, as well as their 
ascendants, descendants and spouses; or 
• 
persons to whom the practice of banker is forbidden or who have been deprived of the 
right of directing, administering or managing a business in whatever capacity. 
The names and addresses of the initial Representative of the Masse and its alternate will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of 
any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the event of death, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the Representative, 
such Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of the death, 
retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, an alternate 
will be elected by Collective Decision. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
initial Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the 
specified offices of any of the Paying Agents.

--- Page 73 ---
A44983740 
73 
(iii) 
Powers of the Representative: 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the 
power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the 
Noteholders. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against 
the Representative or by him and any legal proceedings which shall not be brought in accordance 
with this provision shall not be legally valid. 
The Representative may not interfere in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
(iv) 
Collective Decision 
(a) 
General Meeting: 
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation either by the Issuer or by the 
Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth of 
outstanding Notes, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for 
convocation of the General Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been convened 
within two months after such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of 
themselves to petition the competent court in Paris to appoint an agent (mandataire) who 
will call the General Meeting. 
Notice of the date, hour, place, agenda and quorum requirements of any General Meeting 
will be published as provided under Condition 14 not less than 15 calendar days prior to 
the date of such General Meeting on first convocation and not less than 5 calendar days 
prior to the date of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, 
correspondence, videoconference or any other means of telecommunications allowing the 
identification of the participating Noteholders. Each Note carries the right to one vote or, 
in the case of Notes issued with more than one Specified Denomination, one vote in 
respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified Denomination comprised in the principal 
amount of the Specified Denomination of such Note. 
(b) 
Powers of the General Meetings: 
The General Meeting is empowered to deliberate on the dismissal and replacement of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative and also may act with respect to any other 
matter that relates to the common rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future 
may accrue with respect to the Notes, including authorising the Representative to act at 
law as plaintiff or defendant. 
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification 
of the Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to 
rights in controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, it being specified, 
however, that the General Meeting may not increase the liabilities (charges) of (including 
any amounts payable by) the Noteholders, nor establish any unequal treatment between 
the Noteholders, nor to decide to convert Notes into shares of the Issuer or any other entity. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present 
or represented hold at least one-fifth of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. 
On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken

--- Page 74 ---
A44983740 
74 
by a simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending such General Meetings or 
represented thereat. 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books 
of the relevant Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 (Paris time) on 
the second business day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant 
General Meeting. 
Decisions of General Meetings and Written Resolutions once approved must be published 
in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 14. 
(c) 
Written Resolutions: 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, but in respect of any 
Series of Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the holding of a 
General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a 
resolution in writing (a “Written Resolution”). Subject to the following sentence, a 
Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents in like 
form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles 
L.228-46-1 and R.225-97 of the French Code de commerce approval of a Written 
Resolution may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the 
identification of Noteholders (“Electronic Consent”). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic 
Consent) will be published as provided under Condition 14 not less than 15 calendar days 
prior to the date fixed for the passing of such Written Resolution (the “Written Resolution 
Date”). Notices seeking the approval of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions 
of form and time-limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their 
approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. Noteholders expressing their 
approval or rejection before the Written Resolution Date will undertake not to dispose of 
their Notes until after the Written Resolution Date. 
For the purpose hereof, a “Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by 
one or more Noteholders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes 
outstanding. 
(b) 
Notice of Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with the provisions set out in Condition 14 not 
more than 90 calendar days from the date thereof. 
(c) 
Information to Noteholders: 
Each Noteholder or Representative thereof will have the right, during the 15-calendar day period 
preceding the holding of each General Meeting on first convocation and Written Resolution Date and 
during the 15-calendar day period preceding the holding of each General Meeting on second 
convocation, to consult or make a copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the 
reports which will be prepared in connection with such resolutions, all of which will be available for 
inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer, at the specified offices of 
any of the Paying Agents during usual business hours and at any other place specified in the notice of 
the Collective Decision.

--- Page 75 ---
A44983740 
75 
(d) 
Expenses: 
The Issuer will pay all reasonable and duly documented expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, 
including expenses relating to the calling and holding of General Meetings and seeking of a Written 
Resolution and the expenses which arise by virtue of the remuneration of the Representative and, more 
generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by a Collective Decision, it being expressly 
stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(e) 
Single Masse: 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been 
assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 13, shall, for the 
defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The Representative 
appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single 
Masse of all such Series. 
(f) 
One Noteholder: 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a single Noteholder and unless a Representative 
has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and 
obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of Condition 11. The Issuer shall hold a register of 
the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder and shall make them available, upon request, to any 
subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(g) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
By subscribing the Notes and solely in the context of a Benchmark Event which leads to the application 
of a Benchmark Amendment, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have agreed and approved any 
Benchmark Amendments pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iii)(D). 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11, the term “outstanding” shall not include those Notes 
subscribed or purchased by the Issuer in accordance with applicable laws and regulations that are held by it and 
not cancelled. 
12 Replacement of definitive Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or 
Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations 
and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may 
from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to 
Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith 
and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly 
lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently 
presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer 
on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, Receipts, 
Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13 Further Issues  
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders create and issue further Notes to be assimilated (assimilables) with the Notes provided 
such Notes and the further Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the

--- Page 76 ---
A44983740 
76 
principal amount thereof and the first payment of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms) and that 
the terms of such Notes provide for such assimilation and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall 
be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer, with the prior approval of the Consolidation Agent, may from time to time 
on any Interest Payment Date on giving not less than 30 calendar days’ prior notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes of one or more other Series issued 
by it and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same 
terms and conditions as the Notes. 
14 Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, 
(i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, (ii) at 
the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) so long as such Notes are listed on Euronext Paris, in a 
leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) in 
a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) 
or (c) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of 
the AMF and so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any stock exchange and the 
rules of such stock exchange(s) so require, in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the 
city/ies where the stock exchange(s) on which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is located, 
and on the website of any other competent authority or Regulated Market where the Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au 
porteur) shall be valid if they are published (a) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading 
on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to 
be Les Echos), or (b) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected 
to be the Financial Times) or (c) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations 
(Règlement Général) of the AMF and so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any 
stock exchange, in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the stock 
exchange(s) on which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is located and on the website of any 
other competent authority or Regulated Market where the Notes are listed and admitted to trading. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, 
on the date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes 
to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes in 
accordance with this Condition. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, 
Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being 
cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication of a notice required by Conditions 14(a) and (b) 
above; except that (i) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or 
other stock exchange on the website of the Issuer and if the rules of such Regulated Market(s) or other 
stock exchange so require, notices shall also be published in a leading daily newspaper of general

--- Page 77 ---
A44983740 
77 
circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) or other stock exchange on which such Notes 
are listed and admitted to trading is located. 
(e) 
Notices relating to the convocation, decision(s) of the General Meetings or Written Resolutions pursuant 
to Condition 11, or to any decision taken by the Issuer following a General Meeting or a Written 
Resolution or pursuant to Article R.236-11 of the French Code de commerce, shall be given by delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through 
which the Notes are for the time being cleared and on the website of the Issuer. 
15 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes (and, where applicable, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons) are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons 
may be brought before any competent courts in Paris.

--- Page 78 ---
A44983740 
78 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED 
BEARER NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificate 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Bearer Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit 
each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed 
and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) credit the accounts of subscribers 
with other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such 
other clearing systems with a nominal amount of Notes. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially 
deposited with any clearing system other than Euroclear or Clearstream may similarly be credited to the 
accounts of subscribers with Euroclear or Clearstream. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, 
on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with 
the TEFRA C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in whole, but not in part, for 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes upon certification in the 
form set out in the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (and which shall be available at the 
specified offices of the Paying Agents) as to non-US beneficial ownership. 
A Noteholder must exchange its share of the Temporary Global Certificate for Materialised Bearer Notes before 
interest or any amount payable in respect of the Notes will be paid. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of the Temporary Global Certificate must surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for the Temporary Global Certificate so 
surrendered, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly 
executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. 
In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes” means, in relation to any Temporary Global 
Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be 
exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment 
Amounts that have not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal requirements of the 
Regulated Market in, or substantially in, the form set out in Schedule 2 Part A to the Amended and Restated 
Agency Agreement (and which shall be available at the specified offices of the Paying Agents). 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes that have an original maturity of more than 365 days, and any related 
Coupons, Receipts or Talons will bear the following legend: “Any United States person who holds this 
obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations 
provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code.” The sections referred to in the

--- Page 79 ---
A44983740 
79 
legend provide that, with certain exceptions, United States persons who hold such obligations will not be 
permitted to deduct any loss, and will not be eligible for capital gain treatment with respect to any gain, realized 
on a sale, exchange or redemption of a Materialized Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon. 
For purposes of this section, “United States person” means:  
• 
a citizen or resident of the United States;  
• 
a corporation, partnership or other entity created or organized in or under the laws of the United States 
or any political subdivision thereof; or  
• 
an estate or trust the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of 
its source.  
For purposes of this section, “United States” means the United States of America, including each state and the 
District of Columbia, its territories, possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction. 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the next day succeeding the day that is 
40 calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued prior 
to such day pursuant to Condition 13, the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global Certificate shall be 
postponed to the day falling after the expiry of 40 calendar days after the issue of such further Materialised 
Notes.

--- Page 80 ---
A44983740 
80 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used for Publicis’ general corporate purposes. If in respect of 
any particular issue of Notes, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 81 ---
A44983740 
81 
DESCRIPTION OF PUBLICIS  
For a general description of Publicis, its activities and its financial condition, please refer to the sections of 
the 2021 Half-Year Financial Report and the 2020 URD identified in the cross-reference table of the 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference” section of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 82 ---
A44983740 
82 
TAXATION 
France 
The descriptions below are intended as a basic summary of certain French withholding tax consequences that may 
be relevant to holders of Notes who do not concurrently hold shares of the Issuer. The descriptions below are based 
on the laws in force in France as of the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes and interpretation 
thereof, possibly with a retroactive effect. It does not aim to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations 
that may be relevant for a decision to invest in the Notes. Persons who are in any doubt as to their tax position should 
consult a professional tax advisor. 
Pursuant to Article 125 A III of the French Code général des impôts, payments of interest and other revenues made 
by the Issuer on the Notes are not subject to withholding tax unless such payments are made outside of France in a 
non-cooperative State or territory within the meaning of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts (a 
“Non-Cooperative State”), in which case a 75% withholding tax is applicable subject to exceptions, certain of which 
being set forth below, and to more favorable provisions of any applicable double tax treaty. The 75% withholding 
tax is applicable irrespective of the tax residence of the Noteholder. The list of Non-Cooperative States is published 
by a ministerial executive order, which may be updated at any time and in principle at least once a year. The 
provisions of the French Code général des impôts referring to Article 238-0 A of the same Code shall apply to Non-
Cooperative States added on this list as from the first day of the third month following the publication of the 
ministerial executive order. A law published on October 24, 2018 no. 2018-898 (i) removed the specific exclusion of 
the member States of the European Union, (ii) expanded the list of Non-Cooperative States to include states and 
jurisdictions on the blacklist published by the Council of the European Union as amended from time to time, and 
(iii) as a consequence, expanded this withholding tax regime to certain states and jurisdictions included in such 
blacklist. 
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the French Code général des impôts, interest and other revenues paid on 
such Notes will not be deductible from the Issuer's taxable income, if they are paid or accrued to persons domiciled 
or established in a Non-Cooperative State or paid to a bank account opened in a financial institution located in such 
a Non-Cooperative State. The abovementioned law amending the list of Non-Cooperative States as described above 
expands this regime to all the states and jurisdictions included in the blacklist published by the Council of the 
European Union as amended from time to time.  
Under certain conditions, any such non-deductible interest or other revenues may be recharacterised as constructive 
dividends pursuant to Articles 109 et seq. of the French Code général des impôts, in which case such non-deductible 
interest and other revenues may be subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 119 bis 2 of the same Code, 
at a rate of (i) 26.5% for fiscal years opened on or after January 1, 2021 and 25% for fiscal years opened on or after 
January 1, 2022 for Noteholders who are non-French tax resident legal persons, (ii) 12.8% for Noteholders who are 
non-French tax resident individuals, in each case (x) unless payments are made in Non-Cooperative States (which 
include states and jurisdictions included in the blacklist published by the Council of the European Union as amended 
from time to time subject to certain limitations for the application of the withholding tax set forth in Article 119 bis 
2 of the French Code général des impôts) in which case the withholding tax rate would be equal to 75% and (y) 
subject to certain exceptions and, to more favourable provisions of any applicable double tax treaty.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75% withholding tax provided by Article 125 A III of the French Code 
général des impôts, nor, to the extent the relevant interest or revenues relate to genuine transactions and is not in an 
abnormal or exaggerated amount, the non-deductibility of the interest and other revenues and the withholding tax set 
out under Article 119 bis 2 that may be levied as a result of such non-deductibility, will apply in respect of a particular 
issue of Notes provided that the Issuer can prove that the main purpose and effect of such issue of Notes are not that 
of allowing the payments of interest or other revenues to be made in a Non-Cooperative State (the “Exception”).

--- Page 83 ---
A44983740 
83 
In addition, under French tax administrative guidelines (BOI-INT-DG-20-50-20 dated February 24, 2021, no. 290 
and BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 dated February 24, 2021, no. 150), an issue of Notes benefits from the Exception without 
the Issuer having to provide any evidence supporting the main purpose and effect of such issue of Notes, if such 
Notes are: 
(i) 
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L. 411-1 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier or pursuant to an equivalent offer in a State other than a Non-Cooperative State. For this purpose, 
an “equivalent offer” means any offer requiring the registration or submission of an offer document by or 
with a foreign securities market authority; or 
(ii) 
admitted to trading on a regulated market or on a French or foreign multilateral securities trading system 
provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the operation of such 
market is carried out by a market operator or an investment services provider, or by such other similar 
foreign entity, provided further that such market operator, investment services provider or entity is not 
located in a Non-Cooperative State; or  
(iii) 
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities delivery and 
payments systems operator within the meaning of Article L.561-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or operators provided that such depositaries or operators are 
not located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
Withholding tax applicable to French resident individuals 
Pursuant to Article 125 A of the French Code général des impôts (i.e., where the paying agent (établissement payeur) 
is established in France), subject to certain exceptions, interest and other similar income received by French tax 
resident individuals is subject to a 12.8% levy withheld at source, which is deductible from their personal income 
tax liability in respect of the year in which the payment has been made. Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and 
solidarity levy) are also levied by way of withholding tax at an aggregate rate of 17.2% on interest paid to French 
tax resident individuals. Holders of Notes who are French tax resident individuals are urged to consult with their 
usual tax advisor on the way the 12.8% levy and the 17.2% social contributions are collected, where the paying agent 
is not established in France. 
Transactions on the Notes could be subject to the European financial transaction tax (the “FTT”), if adopted 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal for a Council Directive (the “Proposed 
Directive”) aiming for an enhanced cooperation with respect to the taxation of financial transactions, which if 
adopted would subject transactions involving financial institutions in securities such as the Notes to a financial 
transaction tax (the “FTT”). It is currently anticipated that the FTT would be implemented in ten (10) member states 
of the EU (Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Slovenia, Slovakia and Spain) (the 
“Participating Member States”) excluding Estonia which officially announced its withdrawal from the 
negotiations. 
Pursuant to the Proposed Directive, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the Participating Member States. Generally, the FTT could apply to certain financial transactions where at least 
one (1) party is a financial institution, and at least one (1) party to the transaction, or person acting for the account of 
one party to the transaction, is established in a Participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be 
deemed to be, "established" in a Participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by 
transacting with a person established in a Participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is 
subject to the dealings is issued in a Participating Member State. The proposed FTT has very broad scope and could, 
if introduced in its current form, impose a tax at generally not less than 0.1%, generally determined by reference to 
the amount of consideration paid, on certain dealings in Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain 
circumstances. However, the FTT should not apply to transactions on the primary market referred to in Article 5(c)

--- Page 84 ---
A44983740 
84 
of EC Regulation 1287/2006 dated 10 August 2006, including the subscription and allocation of financial instruments 
upon issuance. 
The mechanism by which the FTT would be applied and collected is not yet known, but if the Proposed Directive or 
any similar tax is adopted and implemented in local legislation, holders of Notes may be exposed to increased 
transaction costs with respect to financial transactions carried out with respect to the Notes and the liquidity of the 
market for the Notes may be diminished. 
The Proposed Directive is still subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States (excluding Estonia) 
and the scope of such tax is uncertain. Based on recent public statements, the Participating Member States (excluding 
Estonia) have agreed to continue negotiations on the basis of a proposal that would reduce the scope of the FTT and 
would only concern listed shares of European companies with a market capitalisation exceeding EUR 1 billion on 1 
December of the year preceding the taxation year. According to this revised proposal, the applicable tax rate would 
not be less than 0.2%. Such proposal remains subject to change until a final approval and it may therefore be altered 
prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional member states of the EU may decide 
to participate and/or certain of the Participating Member States (excluding Estonia which already withdrew) may 
decide to withdraw. 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisers in relation to the consequences of the FTT that could be 
associated with subscribing, purchasing, holding and disposing the Notes.

--- Page 85 ---
A44983740 
85 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS  
Press release published by the Issuer on May 26, 2021 
COMBINED GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING 
May 26, 2021 – Publicis Groupe S.A.’s [Euronext Paris: FR0000130577, CAC40] Combined General Shareholders’ 
Meeting took place today, chaired by Mr. Maurice Lévy, Chairman of the Supervisory Board. In the very specific 
context of COVID-19, this year again, the meeting was held behind closed doors, without the physical attendance of 
the shareholders, pursuant to the Order n°2020-321 dated March 25, 2020 and to the French decree n° 2020-418 
dated April 10, 2020, as modified and extended by the French decree n° 2021-255 dated March 9, 2021. 
The 
Combined 
General Shareholders’ 
Meeting 
was 
webcast 
live 
on 
the 
Groupe’s 
website 
at 
www.publicisgroupe.com, 
and 
the 
different 
speeches 
are 
available 
at 
the 
following 
links: 
https://www.publicisgroupe.com/en/investors/shareholders/annual-general-meeting. All documents relating to the 
General Shareholders’ Meeting have been made available to shareholders on the Groupe's website. Shareholders 
participated in the live event and were able to ask questions. 
Representing a quorum of 73%, shareholders adopted all 26 resolutions, among which: 
- The renewal of the mandate of Mr. Maurice Lévy, which was approved by 92.99% of votes, for a duration of four 
years. The Supervisory Board expressed its wish to see him continue his mission as Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board, providing support and advice to the Management Board and its President, Mr. Arthur Sadoun, who expressed 
the same wish. The Supervisory Board that met after the General Shareholders’ Meeting unanimously approved the 
renewal of the mandate of its Chairman for a duration of four years. 
- The renewal of the mandates of Mr. Simon Badinter and Mr. Jean Charest, with strong support from shareholders, 
for mandates of four years as well. 
- The Management Board’s 2020 compensation packages were approved by more than 88%, and their 2021 
compensation policy passed at more than 90%. 
- The dividend of 2.00 euros per share, representing a pay-out ratio of 46.8%, above its pre-pandemic level. The 
option for payment of the dividend in shares must be exercised between June 17 and June 30, 2021 inclusive. The 
ex-dividend date will be June 15, 2021. Shareholders can opt to receive payment of the dividend either in cash or in 
new shares. The issue price of shares distributed as dividends was set at 53.05 euros per share, calculated as the 
average of the closing prices of the twenty trading days prior to the Combined Shareholder Meeting, minus the net 
dividend. 
Maurice Lévy, Chairman of the Supervisory Board, said: 
« In a year when the whole world has been put to the test and we have entered in a new normal era, the Supervisory 
Board and I are very proud of the resilience demonstrated by your Groupe. It is the contribution of each person, the 
individual and combined strengths of the teams as well as the rapid, determined and efficient response of the 
management under the direction of Arthur Sadoun that have enabled Publicis Groupe, not only to weather this crisis 
by obtaining results above expectations, but also to emerge stronger, by returning to growth as of the 1st quarter of 
2021. My attachment to the Groupe no longer needs to be demonstrated, after a journey of fifty years which has 
allowed me to accompany the different stages of the development of Publicis, to become the 3rd largest 
communication Groupe in the world and a leader in digital and data. It is therefore with full enthusiasm (although 
not part of my initial plans) that I will continue my mission for the Groupe and for all its stakeholders. 
The Supervisory Board and I would like to thank shareholders for their trust and support. By their votes, they 
acknowledge the extraordinary work and mobilization of the Management Board and more particularly of its 
President and CEO in this period. I would also like to thank them for approving the renewal of my mandate as 
member of the Supervisory Board, and the Board for offering me to continue to support the Groupe as Chairman.

--- Page 86 ---
A44983740 
86 
Thanks to its transformation and its long-term investments in technology and data, notably Sapient and Epsilon, your 
Groupe has all the assets it needs in an environment which has, with this crisis, evolved rapidly and irreversibly 
towards digital. While the environment remains uncertain, your Groupe is very well equipped and very well managed 
to meet the needs of its clients and support them on the path to growth in this new world». 
*** 
During his presentation at the Combined Shareholder Meeting, Mr. Arthur Sadoun, Chairman of the Management 
Board, presented the key highlights of 2020. 
When the crisis hit and despite a very uncertain environment, the Management Board reacted immediately and 
defined three clear priorities: 
- First, protect the Groupe’s talents, by shifting all employees to home working in a matter of days, in all countries. 
Moreover, the Groupe undertook many initiatives in the year to ensure their wellbeing and their health. 
- Second, the Groupe fully mobilized to accompany its clients in rethinking and immediately adapting their 
communication campaigns to this new situation, contributing to their competitiveness and resilience in this critical 
period. 
- Third, the Directoire implemented a series of exceptional measures to maintain the Groupe’s financial strength, 
notably with a €500m cost savings plan and a reduction of the initially proposed dividend. In parallel, the Chairman 
of the Supervisory Board and members of the Management Board proposed to reduce their salaries. Also, the 
voluntary salary sacrifices made by 6,000 talents at the peak of the crisis were reimbursed after the publication of 
better than expected results, with the exception of Management Board members. 
Concluding this incredibly exceptional year, the Groupe emerged stronger and outperformed the market in 2020 
organically while posting again the strongest financial ratios in the industry. 
It is worth noting that, answering a question asked at the General Shareholders’ Meeting, Mr. Arthur Sadoun, the 
Chairman of the Management Board, confirmed the continuation of the good trends observed in Q1 2021. He 
specified that organic growth for the 2nd quarter should be at the high end of the range indicated at the time of the 
Q1 results publication, which is +8% to +10%. 
*** 
Composition of the Supervisory Board and of the Management Board 
After this General Shareholders’ Meeting, and after the departure of Mr. Enrico Letta1, the Supervisory Board remains 
composed of 13 members, with 55%(2) women as well as two members representing employees. With a 64%(2) rate, 
the Supervisory Board includes a majority of independent members.  
The Supervisory Board also confirmed the composition of the Management Board, with four members: Mr. Arthur 
Sadoun (Chairman), Mr. Steve King (COO), Mrs. Anne-Gabrielle Heilbronner (Secretary General) and Mr. Michel-
Alain Proch (Chief Financial Officer replacing Mr. Jean-Michel Etienne). 
Composition of the Committees of the Board 
During its meeting that took place after the General Shareholders’ Meeting, the Supervisory Board approved the 
following composition of the Committees of the Board. 
 
1 Mr. Enrico Letta resigned from his mandate as a Supervisory Board member on March 28, 2021 after having been elected Secretary of the Italian 
Democratic Party. 
2 Pursuant to the law and Afep-Medef Code, the members of the Supervisory Board representing employees are not taken into account for the 
calculation of percentages.

--- Page 87 ---
A44983740 
87 
Audit Committee 
Chair: Mr. Jean Charest. 
Members: Mrs. Suzan LeVine, Mr. André Kudelski and Mr. Thomas H. Glocer. 
Expert: Mr. Jean-Michel Etienne 
Compensation Committee 
Chair: Mr. André Kudelski. 
Members: Mrs. Antonella Mei-Pochtler; Mr. Thomas H. Glocer and Mr. Maurice Lévy. 
Independent Expert: Mr. Michel Cicurel. 
Strategy and Risk Committee 
Chair: Mrs. Marie-Josée Kravis. 
Members: Mr. Simon Badinter, Mr. Thomas H. Glocer, Mr. Maurice Lévy and Mr. Pierre Pénicaud. 
« ESG » Committee 
A committee dedicated to environmental and societal reflexions, taking into account all stakehoders’ interests, has 
been created: 
Chair: Mrs. Suzan LeVine 
Members : Mrs. Cherie Nursalim, Mrs. Sophie Dulac and Mrs. Patricia Velay-Borrini. 
Nominating Committee 
Composed of the Chairmen of the different committees, the Nominating Committee is chaired by Mrs. Elisabeth 
Badinter. 
Members: Mrs. Marie-Josée Kravis and Mrs. Suzan LeVine. Mr. Jean Charest, Mr. André Kudelski and Mr. Maurice 
Lévy

--- Page 88 ---
A44983740 
88 
Press release published by the Issuer on July 5, 2021 
ADJUSTMENT OF PUBLICIS WARRANTS CONVERSION RATIO 
July 5, 2021 – Paris – Publicis Groupe S.A. [Euronext Paris: FR0000130577, CAC 40] informs holders of Publicis 
share subscription warrants (“BSA”) (ISIN Code: FR0000312928) that the conversion ratio of the warrants is 
adjusted from 1.081 Publicis share to 1.116 Publicis share per warrant (rounded up or down to the nearest third 
decimal) as of June 15, 2021, ex-dividend date. 
This adjustment, pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 7.5.8.3. of the information memorandum (note d’opération) 
(AMF visa no. 02-564 of 16 May 2002, the “Information Memorandum”), results from the portion of the 2020 
dividend paid out of reserves and premiums of the Company.

--- Page 89 ---
A44983740 
89 
Press release published by the Issuer on July 15, 2021 
PUBLICIS GROUPE TO ACQUIRE CITRUSAD TO LEAD THE NEW GENERATION OF IDENTITY-
LED RETAIL MEDIA 
CitrusAd is a SaaS platform optimizing brands marketing performance directly within retailer websites 
By combining CitrusAd with Epsilon’s CORE ID, Publicis Groupe will create the industry’s first global retail media 
offering based on real identity 
Paris – July 15, 2021 - Publicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577, CAC 40] today announces the acquisition 
of CitrusAd, a software as a service (SaaS) platform optimizing brands marketing performances directly within 
retailer websites. With more than 50% of its activities in the U.S., CitrusAd is present across 22 countries and 6 
industries. CitrusAd provides its world-class technology to more than 70 major retailers globally and over 4,000 
brands are utilizing their self-served platform. 
In 2023, ecommerce sales for CPG brands will have doubled versus 2019 levels. In this context, retail media is 
undergoing exponential growth. From c. $30bn annually already, it is set to double in the next 5 years, and will 
represen t one of the biggest channels of CPG media spends in the next few year. 
CitrusAd’s onsite expertise complemented with Epsilon’s offsite retail media offering, both powered by the CORE 
ID, uniquely positions Publicis Groupe to lead the new generation of identity-led retail media, with transparent 
measurement validated by transactions. 
This will provide Publicis Groupe clients with three decisive competitive advantages in e-commerce: 
• Growth: Clients will be able to accelerate their growth in this dynamic channel, by increasing conversion rate and 
maximizing return on ad spends. CitrusAd’s conversion rates are among the highest across the entire media industry 
with 60% conversion after a click. 
• Customer understanding: Brands will access superior customer understanding based on firstparty data from 
retailers, equipping them for a cookieless world. Complementing CitrusAd with Epsilon’s capabilities, Publicis will 
be able to deliver best in class identity resolution, with no dependency on third-party cookies, for optimized 
activation. All of this delivered in a totally consent-by-design and privacy-compliant way. 
• Consolidated measurement: Brands will be able to reach their customers both onsite (in retailer ecosystems) and 
offsite (in publisher ecosystems) and measure in real-time the consolidated performance of their media investments, 
whatever the channel of conversions: instore or online. All of this at SKU level and validated directly by transactions. 
CitrusAd is an Australian-based company founded in 2017 by Brad Moran and Nick Paech and gathers 130 engineers 
and retail media experts around the world. The company will act as a standalone business within Epsilon, being 
closely integrated into their technology to achieve market leading synergies. The transaction remains subject to 
customary approvals and is expected to close in the next weeks. 
Brad Moran, Co-Founder and CEO of CitrusAd said: “It's not every day you find a partner the size of Publicis Groupe 
that not only shares the same vision and entrepreneurial spirit as CitrusAd but who can apply their advertising 
prowess and muscle to a technology company like ours. Retailers and brands are entering uncharted territory as 
retail media grows and having Publicis supporting CitrusAd in its efforts, I know that our customers will reap the 
benefit of a century’s worth of media expertise combined with high quality technology and a team of retail media 
experts”. 
Arthur Sadoun, CEO and Chairman of Publicis Groupe said :”We are delighted to welcome Brad, Nick and the 
CitrusAd team to Publicis. The leading technology they have developed, coupled with Epsilon’s CORE ID will enable 
CPG brands to grow faster and retailers to generate new sources of revenue to win in a platform world. It will also 
give to Publicis a strong competitive advantage in a channel that by 2025 should surpass traditional TV spend”.

--- Page 90 ---
A44983740 
90 
 
Press release published by the Issuer on July 22, 2021 
FIRST HALF 2021 RESULTS – FULL RECOVERY WITH ALL KPIS EXCEEDING 2019 LEVELS 
July 22, 2021  
• Q2 organic growth at +17.1%, more than recovering vs. Q2 2020 at -13.0% 
o New acceleration in the U.S. at +15.2%, with Epsilon at +31.1% and Publicis Sapient at +27.0% 
o Continued momentum in Asia at +13.6%, Europe rebounding at +23.0% 
o U.S. and Asia at +7% organic growth vs. 2019 
• Full recovery in H1 overall 
o Organic growth at +9.7% vs. -8.0% in H1 2020 
o All-time high operating margin rate at 16.5% in a first-half 
o Growth of +27% in Headline EPS at €2.23 and +22% in Free Cash Flow1 at €605m 
• Number 1 in rankings in New Business2 in H1 
• Upgrade of all 2021 guidance KPIs with full recovery expected in one year instead of two: organic growth at 
7%, operating margin rate at 17%, Free Cash Flow between €1.2bn and €1.3bn 
Q2 2021 Revenue 
 
Net revenue 
€ 2,539 M 
Organic growth 
+17.1% 
Reported growth 
+10.7% 
 
H1 2021 Results 
 
(EUR million) 
H1 2021 
2021 vs 2020 
Revenue 
5,493 
+4.1% 
Net revenue 
4,931 
+3.3% 
Organic growth 
+9.7% 
EBITDA 
1,052 
+14.0% 
Operating margin 
815 
+31.0% 
Operating margin rate 
16.5% 
+350bps 
Headline Groupe net income 
555 
+33.1% 
Headline diluted EPS (euro) 
2.23 
+27.4% 
Free Cash Flow1 
605 
+22.2% 
 
 
 
1 Before change in working capital requirements. 
2 Source: COMvergence.

--- Page 91 ---
A44983740 
91 
 
Arthur Sadoun, Chairman and CEO of Publicis Groupe: 
“In the first half of the year, we had a very strong performance thanks to our model in an improving business 
environment. 
Not only did we fully recover the revenue lost in 2020, but all of our KPIs over the first half exceeded 2019 levels. 
In Q2, we posted +17.1% organic growth, improving by 2% compared to 2019, despite the effects of the pandemic. 
This overperformance was largely driven by the U.S. and Asia, which both grew +7% versus 2019. 
Our U.S operations posted 15.2% organic growth in Q2, with Epsilon, PMX and Sapient all delivering above +25%. 
Asia also accelerated further with +13.6% organic growth. Europe rebounded from a low base to +23%, mirroring 
the progressive lifting of lockdowns. 
In H1 overall, we posted organic growth of +9.7%, leading to an operating margin rate at 16.5%, the group’s highest 
ever for a first half period, while our free cash flow up 22%, at €605 million. 
What is more, we once again topped new business rankings for the first half of the year, thanks to a strong run of 
wins. 
For the remaining part of the year, our ability to capture a disproportionate part of our clients’ investment in data 
and technology means we are in a position to upgrade our 2021 guidance. We now expect to totally recover to pre-
pandemic levels, a year ahead of our initial expectations, with full year organic growth at 7% and full recovery in 
H2, and an operating margin of 17%, provided there are no major deteriorations in the global sanitary situation. 
I’d like to thank our teams for their incredible efforts in this first half of the year, and our clients for their trust and 
partnership. In H2 we are focused on the execution of our plan, in a context that remains challenging in many parts 
of the world.” 
* 
* 
* 
Publicis Groupe’s Supervisory Board met on July 21, 2021, under the chairmanship of Maurice Lévy, to 
examine the 2021 first semester accounts presented by Arthur Sadoun, CEO and Chairman of the 
Management Board. 
KEY FIGURES 
 
EUR million, except per-share data and percentages 
H1 2021 
H1 2020 
2021 
vs 2020 
Data from the Income Statement and Cash flow 
Statement 
Net revenue 
4,931 
4,774 
+3.3% 
Pass-through revenue 
562 
504 
+11.5% 
Revenue 
5,493 
5,278 
+4.1% 
EBITDA 
1,052 
923 
+14.0% 
% of Net revenue 
21.3% 
19.3% 
+200bps 
Operating margin 
815 
622 
+31.0% 
% of Net revenue 
16.5% 
13.0% 
+350bps

--- Page 92 ---
A44983740 
92 
Operating income 
598 
254 
+135% 
Net income attributable to the Groupe 
414 
136 
+204% 
Earnings Per Share (EPS) 
1,68 
0.57 
+195% 
Headline diluted EPS (1) 
2.23 
1.75 
+27.4% 
Free Cash Flow before change in working capital requirements 
605 
495 
+22.2% 
Data from the Balance Sheet 
June 30, 
2021 
Dec. 31, 2020 
Total assets 
29,079 
30,161 
Groupe share of Shareholders’ equity 
7,690 
7,182 
Net debt (net cash) 
1,362 
833 
(1) Net income attributable to the Groupe, after elimination of impairment charges, amortization of 
intangibles arising on acquisitions, the main capital gains (or losses) on disposals, change in the fair value 
of financial assets, the revaluation of earn-out costs, divided by the average number of shares on a diluted 
basis 
 
 
NET REVENUE IN Q2 2021 
Publicis Groupe's net revenue in Q2 2021 was 2,539 million euros compared to 2,293 million euros in Q2 2020, up 
by +10.7%. Exchange rate variations had a 125 million euros negative impact. The acquisitions (net of disposals) 
contributed 2 million euros to net revenue. 
Organic growth was +17.1% in Q2 2021. This implies a recovery ratio of 102%3 over the period, after a -13.0% 
decline in Q2 2020 when the Groupe was very impacted by the effects of the Covid-19 pandemic. All regions strongly 
recovered in the second quarter and posted double-digit organic growth. Q2 came ahead of expectations reflecting 
two main factors. First, an improving global context, characterized by mass re-openings in Europe and a continued 
uplift in the U.S. economy. Second, the strength of the model, which enabled the Groupe to continue to capture the 
ongoing shift in clients’ investment towards data management, digital media, direct-to-consumer channels and 
commerce in general. 
Breakdown of Q2 2021 Net revenue by region 
 
EUR 
Net revenue 
Reported 
Organic 
Recovery 
million 
Q2 2021 
Q2 2020 
growth 
growth 
Ratio3 
North America 
1,527 
1,458 
+4.7% 
+15.1% 
106% 
Europe 
634 
510 
+24.3% 
+23.0%4 
94%4 
Asia Pacific 
253 
215 
+17.7% 
+13.6% 
107% 
Middle East & Africa 
71 
60 
+18.3% 
+22.8% 
94% 
Latin America 
54 
50 
+8.0% 
+15.9% 
92% 
Total 
2,539 
2,293 
+10.7% 
+17.1% 
102% 
 
3 Recovery ratio calculated as: 100 * [1 + organic growth (n-1)] * [1 + organic growth (n)] 
4 +16.9% excluding outdoor media activities and the Drugstore, i.e. a 97% recovery ratio

--- Page 93 ---
A44983740 
93 
 
Net revenue in North America was up by +15.1% on an organic basis in the second quarter (+4.7% on a reported 
basis including the negative impact of the US Dollar/ Euro exchange rate). This strong performance was driven by a 
+15.2% organic growth in the U.S., accelerating from the +5.1% posted in Q1. The recovery ratio in the U.S. is at 
107%, implying a 7% growth compared to 2019 level. In the U.S., Q2 saw a particularly high demand for digital 
media, first party data management and direct-to-consumer products and services. In this context, Epsilon was up by 
+31.1% and Publicis Sapient by +27.0% organically. The same trend was visible in the Groupe’s digital media unit 
PMX, which supported overall media growth. Health operations grew double digit again this quarter. Creative 
activities were positive, showing sequential improvement after being flat in Q1, with notably a strong growth in 
production activities. 
Activities in Europe rebounded from a low base and the region recovered most of the value lost in 2020 with organic 
growth at +23.0%5, mirroring the progressive lifting of lockdowns (+24.3% on a reported basis). U.K. operations 
returned to positive growth at +10.0% organic. In France, all activities bounced back strongly, with net revenue up 
by +30.6%6. Germany accelerated to +9.6% organic growth while Italy was up by +36.9%. 
Asia Pacific was up by +13.6% on an organic basis (+17.7% reported), accelerating in Q2. This translated into a 
strong recovery ratio of 107% after an organic growth of -5.7% in Q2 2020. China reported an organic growth of 
+8.0%, Australia of +7.3% and India of +35.4%. 
Net revenue in the Middle East and Africa region was up by +22.8% on an organic basis (+18.3% reported). 
Net revenue in Latin America was up by +15.9% on an organic basis, translating into a recovery ratio of 92% as the 
region remained impacted by the sanitary situation. Growth on a reported basis was +8.0%, as the impact from 
currencies in the region remained negative. 
NET REVENUE IN H1 2021 
Publicis Groupe’s net revenue for the first half 2021 was 4,931 million euros, up by +3.3% compared to 4,774 million 
euros in H1 2020. Exchange rate variations over the period had a negative impact of 276 million euros. Acquisitions 
(net of disposals) have a negative impact of 1 million euros on net revenue. 
Organic growth was +9.7% in H1 2021. This implies a recovery ratio of 101%7 over the period, after a -8.0% decline 
in H1 2020. Following an organic growth of +2.8% in the first quarter, the Groupe accelerated to +17.1% in the 
second quarter. In H1 2021, all regions posted positive organic growth. 
 
5 +16.9% excluding outdoor media activities and the Drugstore, i.e. a 97% recovery ratio 
6 Excluding outdoor media activities and the Drugstore 
7 Recovery ratio calculated as: 100 * [1 + organic growth (n-1)] * [1 + organic growth (n)]

--- Page 94 ---
A44983740 
94 
Breakdown of H1 2021 net revenue by sector 
 
Based on 3,250 clients representing 92% of the Groupe’s net revenue. 
Breakdown of H1 2021 net revenue by region 
 
Net revenue in North America was up by +9.7% on an organic basis in the first half (+0.6% on a reported basis 
including the negative impact of the US Dollar/ Euro exchange rate). This strong performance was driven by a 
+10.0% organic growth in the U.S. reflecting a solid Q1 (+5.1%) and an acceleration to +15.2% in Q2. Overall, the 
recovery ratio in the U.S. was 106%7, representing a growth of +6% compared to H1 2019. 
Europe rebounded with a +10.0% organic growth in H1 (+9.8% on a reported basis). Excluding the impact of the 
Groupe’s outdoor media activities and the Drugstore in France, that were closed in Q2 2020, the organic growth in 
Europe is +9.7%, representing a recovery ratio of 96%. All countries bounced back although the performance 
remained mixed, reflecting different activity mix, local economic situations and variable comparable basis in H1 
2020. The UK was positive at +3.6% organic, France at +17.2%10, Germany at +7.8% and Italy up by +28.2%. 
 
 
8 Recovery ratio calculated as: 100 * [1 + organic growth (n-1)] * [1 + organic growth (n)] 
9 +9.7% excluding outdoor media activities and the Drugstore, i.e. a 96% recovery ratio 
10 Excluding outdoor media activities and the Drugstore 
EUR 
Net revenue 
Reported 
Organic
Recovery
million 
H1 2021
H1 2020
growth 
growth
Ratio8
North America
3,032 
3,013 
+0.6% 
+9.7%
106% 
Europe
1,195 
1,088 
+9.8% 
+10.0%9
92%
9
 
Asia Pacific
470 
434 
+8.3% 
+9.8%
106% 
Middle East & Africa
133 
135 
-1.5% 
+4.3%
92% 
Latin America
101 
104 
-2.9% 
+12.0%
94% 
Total
4,931
4,774 
+3.3% 
+9.7%
101%

--- Page 95 ---
A44983740 
95 
Asia Pacific net revenue was up by +9.8% on an organic basis (+8.3% reported). China reported an organic growth 
of +5.8%, Australia was up by +5.1% on an organic basis and India by +22.6%. 
Net revenue in the Middle East and Africa region was up by +4.3% on an organic basis (-1.5% reported). 
Net revenue in Latin America was up by +12.0% on an organic basis. It was down by -2.9% on a reported basis, as 
the negative impact from currencies in the region continued to be significant. Brazil grew by +11.7% organically and 
Mexico was almost flat at -0.4%. 
 
ANALYSIS OF H1 2021 KEY FIGURES 
Income Statement 
EBITDA amounted to 1,052 million euros in H1 2021, compared to 923 million euros in H1 2020, up by 14.0%. 
This translates into a margin rate of 21.3% of net revenue (+200 basis points compared to H1 2020 and +100bps 
compared to H1 2019). 
• Personnel costs totaled 3,174 million euros at June 30, 2021, down by 1.6% from 3,224 million euros in H1 2020. 
This evolution reflects the impact of the cost reduction plan launched in 2020 when the crisis started, partly offset 
by the continued investment in the Groupe’s talents. As a percentage of net revenue, personnel expenses represented 
64.4% in H1 2021, down by 310 basis points compared to 67.5% in H1 2020. This decrease partly reflects the strong 
ramp up in net revenue in the first half that was not immediately matched by a rise in costs. Fixed personnel costs 
were 2,779 million euros and represented 56.4% of net revenue versus 59.9% in H1 2020. On the other hand, the 
cost of freelancers increased by 28 million euros in H1 2021, in parallel with the uplift in activity, representing 169 
million euros. Provision for bonus increased by 65 million euros to reach 182 million euros in H1 2021, reflecting 
the good performance achieved. Restructuring costs reached 12 million euros, a significant and expected decrease 
vs. 69 million euros in H1 2020. 
• Other operating expenses (excluding depreciation & amortization) amounted to 1,267 million euros, compared to 
1,131 million euros in H1 2020. This represents 25.7% of net revenue compared to 23.7% in H1 2020. This includes 
a rise in cost of sales for 48 million euros as a couple of large outdoor engagements have been extended for a short-
term period. The related minimum payments were accounted directly in other operating expenses rather than as a 
right of use and lease liability. This increase was partly offset by a decline in other G&A, notably in travel expenses 
that continued to be down year-on-year versus H1 2020. 
Depreciation and amortization charge was 237 million euros in H1 2021 compared to 301 million euros in H1 2020, 
down by 21.3%. This decrease of 64 million euros largely reflects the impact of the short-term contracts described 
above in other operating expenses. 
As a result, the operating margin amounted to 815 million euros, up by 31.0% compared to H1 2020. This represents 
an operating margin rate of 16.5% in the first half 2021, up by 350 basis points from 13.0% in H1 2020 and by 150 
basis points from the 15.0% in H1 2019 (excluding Epsilon’s transaction costs). 
Operating margin rates by geographies were 19.2% in North America, 11.0% in Europe, 19.4% in Asia-Pacific, 5.3% 
in Middle East/Africa and 2.0% in Latin America. 
Amortization of intangibles arising from acquisitions totaled 126 million euros in H1 2021, down by 16 million euros 
versus H1 2020. Impairment losses amounted to 92 million euros, a reduction of 139 million euros versus H1 2020. 
This decrease reflects the advanced stage of the Groupe’s real estate consolidation plan "All in One", which is leading 
to a reduction in the number of sites, while allowing better collaboration between the teams. In addition, net non-
current income is positive at 1 million euros compared to 5 million euros in H1 2020. 
Operating income totaled 598 million euro in H1 2021, after 254 million euro in H1 2020.

--- Page 96 ---
A44983740 
96 
The financial result, comprising the cost of net financial debt and other financial charges and income, is a charge of 
55 million euros in H1 2021 compared to 90 million euros last year. The net charge on net financial debt was 45 
million euros in H1 2021, including 40 million euros related to Epsilon’s acquisition debt. It compared to a charge 
of 48 million euros in H1 2020. Other financial income and expenses were a charge of 5 million euros in H1 2021, 
notably composed by 35 million euros interest on lease liabilities and 32 million in income from the fair value 
remeasurement of Mutual Funds. In H1 2020, other financial income and expenses were a charge of 44 million euros, 
including 40 million euros of interest on lease obligations and a charge of 4 million euros from the fair value 
remeasurement of Mutual Funds. 
The revaluation of earn-out payments amounted to a charge of 5 million euros at end-June, compared to an income 
of 2 million euros in H1 2020. 
The tax charge is 135 million euros in H1 2021, corresponding to a forecast effective tax rate of 24.7% in 2021, 
compared to 39 million euros in H1 2020, corresponding to a forecast effective tax rate of 25.0% in 2020. 
The share in the profit of associates is not significant in H1 2021, compared to a loss of 2 million euros in H1 2020. 
Minority interests were a loss of 6 million euros in Groupe results in H1 2021 compared to a loss of 13 million euros 
in the previous year. 
Overall, net income attributable to the Groupe was 414 million euros at June 30, 2021, compared to 136 million euro 
at June 30, 2020. 
Free Cash Flow 
EUR million 
H1 2021
H1 2020
EBITDA 
1,052
923
Repayment of lease liabilities and related interests 
(179)
(234)
Investments in fixed assets (net) 
(50)
(73)
Financial interest paid (net) 
(82)
(81)
Tax paid 
(163)
(74)
Other 
27
34
Free cash-flow before changes in WCR 
605
495
 
The Groupe’s free cash flow, before change in working capital requirements, is up strongly, by 110 million euros 
compared to H1 2020, at 605 million euros. Repayment of lease liabilities and related interests amounted to 179 
million euros. Net investments in fixed assets have decreased by 23 million euros. Financial interest paid mostly 
include interests on the acquisition debt of Epsilon, and totalled 82 million euros. Tax paid amounted to 163 million 
euros, up compared to 74 million euros in H1 2020. This reflects both the rise in the Groupe operating income and a 
catch up effect from some postponements in 2020 for tax payment in several countries. 
Net debt 
Net financial debt amounted to 1,362 million euros as of June 30, 2021 compared to 833 million euros as of December 
31, 2020. The Groupe's average net debt in H1 2021 amounted to 1,616 million euros compared to 3,684 million 
euros in H1 2020. 
ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS 
There was no significant transaction on the period. 
POST CLOSING EVENT 
On July 15, 2021, Publicis announced the acquisition of CitrusAd, a software as a service (SaaS) platform optimizing 
brands marketing performances directly within retailer websites. CitrusAd’s onsite expertise complemented with

--- Page 97 ---
A44983740 
97 
Epsilon’s offsite retail media offering, both powered by the CORE ID, uniquely positions Publicis Groupe to lead 
the new generation of identity-led retail media, with transparent measurement validated by transaction. 
In a fast-growing retail media channel set to double in the next 5 years from c. $30bn annually already, this will 
enable Publicis Groupe clients to accelerate their growth in this dynamic channel, give them full visibility on the 
consolidated performance of their media investments and an unparalleled access to highly-qualified first-party data 
from retailers, equipping them for a cookieless world. 
OUTLOOK 
In the first half 2021, the Groupe totally recovered the revenue lost in the same period in 2020, posting a +9.7% 
organic growth after -8.0% in H1 2020, thanks to the strength of its model in an overall improving business 
environment. 
For the full year 2021 and assuming no major deterioration in health situation, the Groupe now expects to be in a 
position to fully recover its 2020 organic decline of -6.3%, one year ahead of its initial expectations. This implies an 
organic growth of 7% for 2021. 
Regarding operating margin, the Groupe upgrades its guidance for the full year 2021 after an exceptionally strong 
performance in the first half. 2021 operating margin will come back to pre-pandemic levels, at 17%, while the Groupe 
will continue to invest in talents and product in the second half, to prepare future growth. 
The Groupe also upgrades its 2021 guidance for Free Cash Flow before working capital requirement, which will be 
between 1.2 billion euros and 1.3 billion euros, further contributing to the Groupe deleveraging. 
CSR 
Publicis Groupe has continued making progress on its CSR roadmap, particularly in subjects of leading priority. 
In March 2021, Publicis Groupe's climate change targets for 2030 were validated by the Science Based Targets 
initiative (SBTi). The Groupe wants to achieve carbon neutrality by 2030. The action plan to do this is based on three 
levers; the drastic reduction of all impacts by 47% for scopes 1 & 2 and by 14% for scope 3, the use of 100% 
renewable energy from direct sources before 2030 and, as a last resort, the use of carbon offsetting for unavoidable 
impacts. In addition, our proprietary tool for evaluating the impacts of campaigns and projects, A.L.I.C.E 
(Advertising Limiting Impacts & Carbon Emissions), is currently being deployed in order to better assist clients in 
these areas. 
The global pandemic has accelerated the digital transformation of the Groupe's customers, who must also integrate 
sustainability issues into their activities. Climate change and social justice issues are now important in the criteria of 
citizen-consumers when they make their choices. At the same time, and as the European regulatory context 
progresses, we observe stronger expectations for the future being expressed by stakeholders, with more precise 
questions coming from investors and shareholders. In this context, Publicis Groupe announced on 26 May 2021 the 
creation of a new Supervisory Board committee dedicated to environmental, societal and stakeholder issues; this 
ESG Committee is chaired by Suzy LeVine. 
Equality and inclusion, the fight against racism and for social justice remained central during the first half of the 
year. On 2 and 3 June 2021, the 'Pause For Action' days were held for the second year and provided an opportunity 
to share progress and good practice across the Groupe in the areas of diversity, equality and inclusion, and to discuss 
the day-to-day work that is essential in agencies in terms of talent retention and career development. The 2nd of June 
was dedicated to a global review of the current situation and practices, and the 3rd of June was dedicated to the 
situation in the United States. 
Employee health remained a strong internal focus, with different situations between countries and sometimes painful 
consequences for our employees, such as in India where many of our employees were severely affected. The 
protection of all employees is an absolute priority, by following national confinement guidelines and recommended

--- Page 98 ---
A44983740 
98 
barrier actions. Local HR/Talent teams remain vigilant with highly structured recovery plans, ensuring that 
teleworking is combined with a gradual return to the office at various sites where possible. 
The Marcel internal platform has become a unifying space, with quarterly plenary sessions led by Arthur Sadoun, 
Chairman of the Management Board, and monthly sessions with country managers and their Comexes. During this 
period of uncertainty, the objective is to maintain a close and regular link with all employees and to answer their 
questions. Employees have continued to benefit from individual support programmes to look after their physical and 
mental health, and have wide access to many online training programmes. 
In April 2021, Publicis Groupe announced a partnership between the Women's Forum for the Economy & Society 
and the Positive Economy Institute, as well as a change in the governance of the Women's Forum with Audrey 
Tcherkoff, Executive Chair of the Positive Economy Institute, also appointed Executive Director of the Women's 
Forum. The creation of a Global Advisory Council has also been launched in order to give even greater visibility to 
the Women's Forum initiatives. 
In June 2021, VivaTech took place in a hybrid format, with a physical event gathering more than 26,000 participants 
in Paris (capacity restricted for health reasons), and digital sessions during 3 days gathering more than 100,000 
participants including prestigious guests from the Tech industry and innovative start-ups. 
 
The CSR actions of the Groupe and its agencies are publicly accessible in the CSR section of the Groupe's website, 
and the data is summarised in the CSR Smart data section. 
* 
* 
* 
NEW BUSINESS 
EUROPE 
Pandora AS (Technology), Polestar Performance AB (Technology), Nomad Foods (Media), La Poste (Creative), 
Société des Produits Nestlé (Technology), Daimler (Technology), Unilever (Technology), PMU (Technology), TUI 
Group (Creative), Groupe Casino (Creative), SNCF (Creative), FNPCA - ARTISANAT (Creative), Procter & Gamble 
(Creative), Etihad Airways (Media), Sephora (Data), April (Technology), ABBVIE (Creative), France Télévisions 
(Data), Izneo (Media), Enedis (Creative), G- Star (Creative), Zava (Technology), Comic Relief (Creative), Brown 
Forman (Media), Vinted (Media), DocMorris N.V. (Media), Reckitt Benckiser (Media), Media-Saturn-Holding 
GmbH (Creative), Raiffeisen Switzerland (Creative), AFD (Creative), Sisley Paris (Data), Cilevel Partners (Data), 
Carrefour (Data), Fnac Darty (Data), Engie (Data), Printemps (Data), Adecco (Creative), KOMO (Media), Peek & 
Cloppenburg KG (Digital), British Heart Foundation (Creative), Lindt (Media), CNPA (Creative), Erhard (Creative), 
EvCon (Creative), Maty (Creative), BNIC (Creative), Niantic (Digital), DP World PLC (Media), Primark (Media), 
AVK (Creative), Thales Group (Creative), Getin Bank (Media), Inserm (Media), Arterium (Creative), Nestlé (Media), 
Hormel Foods VI (Design), Hormel Foods VI (Design), Gojo Industries VI (Design), EON Performance Media 
(Creative), DSM (Health), Jazz (Health), Getir (Creative), SEGRO (Creative), Grant Thornton (Sustainability 
consultancy), LEGO (Sustainability consultancy), Land Securities (Sustainability consultancy), Purmo 
(Sustainability), Revolut (Creative), Makuake (Creative), Biogen (Health), Roche (Health), Pfizer (Health), Novartis 
(Health), P&G Pampers (Sustainability consultancy), PUMA (Influence), Beiersdorf Nivea, Elastoplast and Eucerin 
(Creative and Sustainability consultancy), Beko (Sustainability consultancy), Mondelez Trident (Creative), Coty 
MaxFactor (Creative)

--- Page 99 ---
A44983740 
99 
NORTH AMERICA 
Loblaw Digital (Technology), Verizon Wireless Digital (Technology), Mercedes-Benz USA (Technology), National 
Cancer Institute (Technology), Academy Sports & Outdoors (Technology), Comcast Corporation (Technology), The 
Depository Trust & Clearing Corp (Technology), Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (Technology), Sally Beauty (Media), 
Inspire Brands (Media), Samsung (Creative), Alcohol and Gaming Commission of Ontario (Creative), Unilever 
(Creative), Procter & Gamble (Creative), Hut 8 Bitcoin Mining (Creative), Mercedes-Benz (Creative), MacDonald, 
Dettwiler and Associates Inc (Creative), Humana (Media), Sony Interactive Entertainment (Creative), Region of Peel 
(Creative), Infiniti (Creative), National Ovarian Cancer Coalition Inc. (Digital), Zoetis (Digital), Belcorp (Media), 
Coventry Direct (Digital), Mission Lane (Digital), Samsung (Creative), Marriott International (Technology), 
Mackenzie Investments (Creative), Goodfood Market Corp (Creative), Binge Corporation (Creative), Ritual Co 
(Creative), Greater Toronto Airports Authority (Creative), Addaday Intelligent Technologies LLC (Digital), Wisk 
Aero (Creative), Grupo Bimbo (Creative), Facebook (Creative) 
 
ASIA PACIFIC/MEA 
Garena Online (Creative), PRC - Martell (Creative), L'Oréal (Media & Creative), Yili (Creative), Yinlu (Creative), 
Capital Foods (Creative), Diageo (Creative), Yinlu (Creative), Others (Creative), Ecco (Creative), AXA (Creative), 
Samsung (Digital & Creative), Penang South Island (Power of One), Spotify (Creative), AMC (Creative), Mercedes-
Benz (Creative), Nestlé Content (Production), Medgulf (Creative), Essilor (Creative), Nestlé Total (Wyeth) (Power 
of One), Sephora (Creative), Toyota Motor Corporation (Creative & Media), Disney Studios / Disney + (Media), 
Disney + (Creative), DBS (Media), Great Eastern (Creative), Pet Culture Group Pty Limited (Media), Estee Lauder 
(Commerce), Ontex (Creative), Others (Creative), GSK (Creative), Godrej Pro Clean (Creative), MamaEarth 
(Media), Danone (Commerce), Thai Oil PCL (Creative), AB InBev (Creative), J&J (Commerce), Disney+ SEA 
(Media), Expedia (Creative), Wing (Creative), Lazada (Creative), SAIC R-Car (Creative), STB (Media), Israel 
Railways (Creative), Vivo (Creative), Pechoin (Creative), E carX (Creative), Exxon (Creative), Karaca (Media), 
NPCI (Creative), Insourcing (Production), Kalpataru Builders (Creative), Mavi (Creative), Hyatt (Media), Nestlé 
(Creative), Tiger Brands (Creative), Arrow Electronics (Digital), Infiniti (Creative), Aier eye hospital (Creative), 
Hikvision (Creative), KRAFTON Creative), Mayo (Creative), SAIC Volkswagen (Creative), Zhiji Motors (Creative), 
Procter & Gamble (Creative), Nestlé (Creative), VSA Health & Wellness Pvt. Ltd (Commerce), Beiersdorf 
(Commerce) 
LATAM 
Grupo SURA (Data), Banco Bradesco (Creative), Citigroup (Production), Pfizer (Creative), Astrazeneca (Creative), 
Compania Nacional de Chocolates de Peru S.A. (Creative), Visa (Creative), Grupo Nutresa (Creative), Mercedes-
Benz (Creative), Heineken (Creative), PepsiCo (Digital), Grupo Bimbo (Creative), Procter & Gamble (Creative & 
Data), Abastece ai (Creative), Tiger (Creative), Ypê (Creative), Enjoei (Creative), Gavilon (Creative), Nissan Motor 
Corporation (Creative), Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp. (Creative), Civica Pay (Creative & Media), Merck & Co 
(Creative), TikTok (Media), Groupe Renault (Media), Shopee (Media), Bacio di Latte (Media) 
GLOBAL 
AB InBev (Data), Nissan Motor Corporation – Infiniti (Creative), Stellantis (Media) 
 
* 
* 
*

--- Page 100 ---
A44983740 
100 
APPENDICES 
Net revenue: organic growth calculation 
 
(1) Acquisitions (Third Horizon, Octopus, Balance Internet, Taylor Herring) net of disposals (PC Epsilon 
Fitness, Sirius, Found). 
(2) EUR = USD 1.202 on average in H1 2021 vs. USD 1.101 on average in H1 2020  
EUR = GBP 0.866 on average in H1 2021 vs. GBP 0.873 on average in H1 2020

--- Page 101 ---
A44983740 
101 
Definitions 
Net revenue or Revenue less pass-through costs: Pass-through costs mainly concern production and media 
activities, as well as various expenses incumbent on clients. These items that can be re-billed to clients do not come 
within the scope of assessment of operations, net revenue is a more relevant indicator to measure the operational 
performance of the Groupe’s activities. 
Organic growth: Change in net revenue excluding the impact of acquisitions, disposals and currencies. 
EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization): Operating margin before 
depreciation & amortization. 
Operating margin: Revenue after personnel costs, other operating expenses (excl. non-current income and expense) 
and depreciation (excl. amortization of intangibles arising on acquisitions). 
Operating margin rate: Operating margin as a percentage of net revenue. 
Headline Group Net Income: Net income attributable to the Groupe, after elimination of impairment charges / real 
estate transformation expenses, amortization of intangibles arising on acquisitions, the main capital gains (or losses) 
on disposals, change in the fair value of financial assets, the impact of US tax reform, the revaluation of earn-out 
costs and Epsilon transaction costs. 
EPS (Earnings per share): Group net income divided by average number of shares, not diluted. 
EPS, diluted (Earnings per share, diluted): Group net income divided by average number of shares, diluted. 
Headline EPS, diluted (Headline Earnings per share, diluted): Headline group net income, divided by average 
number of shares, diluted. 
Capex: Net acquisitions of tangible and intangible assets, excluding financial investments and other financial assets. 
Free Cash Flow before changes in working capital requirements: Net cash flow from operating activities less 
interests paid & received, repayment of lease liabilities & related interests and before changes in WCR linked to 
operating activities 
Free Cash Flow: Net cash flow from operating activities less interests paid & received, repayment of lease liabilities 
& related interests 
Net Debt (or financial net debt): Sum of long and short financial debt and associated derivatives, net of treasury 
and cash equivalents. 
Average net debt: Average of monthly net debt at end of month. 
Dividend pay-out: Dividend per share / Headline diluted EPS. 
Recovery ratio: calculated as 100 x [1 + organic growth (n-1)] x [1 + organic growth (n)].

--- Page 102 ---
A44983740 
102 
Consolidated income statement 
 
(in millions of euros) 
June 30, 2021 
(6 months) 
June 30, 2020 
(6 months) 
December 31, 
2020 
(12 months) 
Net revenue1 
4,931 
4,774 
9,712 
Pass-through revenue 
562 
504 
1,076 
Revenue 
5,493 
5,278 
10,788 
Personnel costs Other 
operating costs 
(3,174) 
(1,267) 
(3,224) 
(1,131) 
(6,242) 
(2,388) 
Operating margin before depreciation & amortization 
1,052 
923 
2,158 
Depreciation and amortization expense (excluding 
acquisition-related intangible assets) 
(237) 
(301) 
(600) 
Operating margin 
815 
622 
1,558 
Amortization of intangibles from acquisitions 
(126) 
(142) 
(339) 
Impairment loss 
(92) 
(231) 
(241) 
Non-current income and expenses 
1 
5 
5 
Operating income 
598 
254 
983 
Financial expense 
Financial income 
Cost of net financial debt 
Other financial income and expenses 
Revaluation of earn-out payments 
(57) 
12 
(45) 
(5) 
(5) 
(95) 
47 
(48) 
(44) 
2 
(185) 
66 
(119) 
(79) 
(17) 
Pre-tax income of consolidated companies 
543 
164 
768 
Income taxes 
(135) 
(39) 
(196) 
Net income of consolidated companies 
408 
125 
572 
Share of profit of associates 
- 
(2) 
(1) 
Net income 
408 
123 
571 
Of which: 
- Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 
(6) 
(13) 
(5) 
Net income attributable to equity holders of the parent 
company 
414 
136 
576 
 
Per share data (in euros) - Net income attributable to equity 
holders of the parent company 
Number of shares 
246,106,455 
237,468,157
239,838,347
Earnings per share 
1,68 
0.57
2.40
Number of diluted shares 
248,475,342 
238,280,061
241,926,553
Diluted earnings per share 
1,67 
0.57
2.38
 
 
1 Net revenue: Revenue less pass-through costs. Those costs are mainly production & media costs and out-of-pocket expenses. 
As these items that can be passed on to clients are not included in the scope of analysis of transactions, the net revenue indicator 
is the most appropriate for measuring the Group’s operational performance.

--- Page 103 ---
A44983740 
103 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
 
(in millions of euros) 
June 30, 2021 
(6 months) 
June 30, 2020 
(6 months) 
December 
31, 2020 
(12 months) 
Net income for the period (a) 
408 
123 
571 
Comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to income statement 
- Actuarial gains (and losses) on defined benefit plans 
24 
(24) 
(20) 
- Deferred taxes on comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to 
income statement 
(6) 
4 
3 
Comprehensive income that may be reclassified to income statement 
- Remeasurement of hedging instruments 
17 
(134) 
(89) 
- Consolidation translation adjustments 
233 
(133) 
(633) 
Total other comprehensive income (b) 
268 
(287) 
(739) 
Total comprehensive income for the period (a) + (b) 
676 
(164) 
(168) 
Of which: 
- Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to non- controlling 
interests 
(6) 
(10) 
(7) 
- Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to equity holders of 
the parent company 
682 
(154) 
(161)

--- Page 104 ---
A44983740 
104 
Consolidated balance sheet 
 
(in millions of euros) 
June 30, 2021 
December 31, 2020 
Assets 
Goodwill, net 
11,175 
10,858 
Intangible assets, net 
1,408 
1,509 
Right-of-use assets related to leases 
1,544 
1,645 
Property, plant and equipment, net 
607 
626 
Deferred tax assets 
178 
137 
Investments in associates 
23 
24 
Other financial assets 
260 
232 
Non-current assets 
15,195 
15.031 
Inventories and work-in-progress 
277 
230 
Trade receivables 
8,818 
9,508 
Assets on contracts 
1,029 
889 
Other current receivables and assets 
801 
803 
Cash and cash equivalents 
2,959 
3,700 
Current assets 
13,884 
15,130 
Total assets 
29,079 
30,161 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Equity and Liabilities 
Share capital 
101 
99 
Additional paid-in capital and retained earnings, Group 
share 
7,589 
7,083 
Equity attributable to holders of the parent company 
7,690 
7,182 
Non-controlling interests 
(46) 
(22) 
Total equity 
7,644 
7,160 
Long-term borrowings 
3,461 
3,653 
Long-term lease liabilities 
1,819 
1,850 
Deferred tax liabilities 
235 
247 
Long-term provisions 
493 
468 
Non-current liabilities 
6,008 
6,218 
Trade payables 
11,330 
12,887 
Liabilities on contracts 
347 
404 
Short-term borrowings 
834 
856 
Short-term lease liabilities 
295 
292 
Income taxes payable 
343 
296 
Short-term provisions 
234 
234 
Other creditors and current liabilities 
2,044 
1,814 
Current liabilities 
15,427 
16,783 
Total equity and liabilities 
29,079 
30,161

--- Page 105 ---
A44983740 
105 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
(in millions of euros) 
June 30, 2021 
(6 months) 
June 30, 2020 
(6 months) 
December 31, 
2020 
(12 months) 
Cash flow from operating activities 
Net income 
408 
123 
571 
Neutralization of non-cash income and expenses: 
Income taxes 
135 
39 
196 
Cost of net financial debt 
45 
48 
119 
Capital losses (gains) on disposal of assets (before tax) 
(1) 
(5) 
(6) 
Depreciation, amortization and impairment loss 
455 
674 
1,180 
Share-based compensation 
25 
28 
55 
Other non-cash income and expenses 
11 
47 
94 
Share of profit of associates 
- 
2 
1 
Dividends received from associates 
2 
2 
2 
Taxes paid 
(163) 
(74) 
(293) 
Change in working capital requirements(1) 
(1,191) 
(853) 
1,047 
Net cash flows generated by (used in) operating activities (I) 
(274) 
31 
2,966 
Cash flow from investing activities 
Purchases of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 
(50) 
(83) 
(167) 
Disposals of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 
- 
10 
12 
Purchases of investments and other financial assets, net 
4 
(7) 
(9) 
Acquisitions of subsidiaries 
(77) 
(37) 
(146) 
Disposals of subsidiaries 
- 
2 
1 
Net cash flows generated by (used in) investing activities (II) 
(123) 
(115) 
(309) 
Cash flow from financing activities 
Dividends paid to holders of the parent company 
- 
- 
(102) 
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests 
(2) 
(4) 
(10) 
Proceeds from borrowings(2) 
1 
2,091 
2 
Repayment of borrowings(2) 
(190) 
(1,436) 
(1,302) 
Repayment of lease liabilities 
(144) 
(194) 
(384) 
Interest paid on lease liabilities 
(35) 
(40) 
(77) 
Interest paid 
(94) 
(106) 
(184) 
Interest received 
12 
25 
71 
Buy-out of non-controlling interests 
(4) 
- 
(10) 
Net (buybacks)/sales of treasury shares and warrants 
9 
3 
8 
Net cash flows generated by (used in) financing activities (III) 
(447) 
339 
(1,988) 
Impact of exchange rate fluctuations (IV) 
102 
75 
(379) 
Change in consolidated cash and cash equivalents (I + II + III + IV) 
(742) 
330 
290 
Cash and cash equivalents on January 1 
3,700 
3,413 
3,413 
Bank overdrafts on January 1 
(3) 
(6) 
(6) 
Net cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year (V) 
3,697 
3,407 
3,407 
Cash and cash equivalents at closing date 
2,959 
3,743 
3,700 
Bank overdrafts at closing date 
(4) 
(6) 
(3) 
Net cash and cash equivalents at end of the year (VI) 
2,955 
3,737 
3,697 
Change in consolidated cash and cash equivalents (VI - V) 
(742) 
330 
290 
(1)    Breakdown of change in working capital requirements 
Change in inventory and work-in-progress 
(32) 
67 
139 
Change in trade receivables and other receivables 
847 
2,605 
(24) 
Change in accounts payable, other payables and provisions 
(2,006) 
(3,525) 
932 
Change in working capital requirements 
(1,191) 
(853) 
1,047

--- Page 106 ---
A44983740 
106 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity

--- Page 107 ---
A44983740 
107 
Earnings per share (basic and diluted) 
(in millions of euros, except for share data) 
June 30, 2021 
June 30, 2020 
Net income used for the calculation of earnings per share 
Net income attributable to equity holders of the parent company 
A 
414 
136 
Impact of dilutive instruments: 
- Savings in financial expenses related to the conversion of debt instruments, net of tax 
- 
- 
Group net income – diluted 
B 
414 
136 
Number of shares used to calculate earnings per share 
Number of shares at January 1 
247,769,038 
240,437,061 
Shares created over the period 
205,975 
46,238 
Treasury shares to be deducted (average for the period) 
(1,868,558) 
(3,015,142) 
Average number of shares used for the calculation 
C 
246,106,455 
237,468,157 
Impact of dilutive instruments: 
2,201,787 
714,961 
- Free shares and dilutive stock options 
- Equity warrants (BSA) 
167,100 
96,943 
Number of diluted shares 
D 
248,475,342 
238,280,061 
(in euros) 
Earnings per share 
A/C 
1.68 
0.57 
Diluted earnings per share 
B/D 
1.67 
0.57

--- Page 108 ---
A44983740 
108 
Headline earnings per share (basic and diluted) 
(in millions of euros, except for share data) 
June 30, 2021 
June 30, 2020 
Net income used to calculate headline earnings per share(1) 
Group net income 
414 
136 
Items excluded: 
- 
Amortization of intangibles from acquisitions, net of tax 
94 
107 
- 
Impairment loss, net of tax 
70 
173 
- 
Revaluation of earn-out payments 
5 
(2) 
- 
Main capital gains (losses) on disposal of assets and fair value 
adjustment of financial assets, net of tax 
(28) 
3 
Headline Group net income 
E 
555 
417 
Impact of dilutive instruments: 
- Savings in financial expenses related to the conversion of debt instruments, net of 
tax 
- 
- 
Headline Group net income, diluted 
F 
555 
417 
Number of shares used to calculate earnings per share 
Number of shares at January 1 
247,769,038 
240,437,061 
Shares created over the period 
205,975 
46,238 
Treasury shares to be deducted (average for the period) 
(1,868,558) 
(3,015,142) 
Average number of shares used for the calculation 
C 
246,106,455 
237,468,157 
Impact of dilutive instruments: 
- Free shares and dilutive stock options 
2,201,787 
714,961 
- Equity warrants (BSA) 
167,100 
96,943 
Number of diluted shares 
(in euros) 
D 
248,475,342 
238,280,061 
Headline earnings per share(1) 
E/C 
2.26 
1.76 
Headline earnings per share – diluted(1) 
F/D 
2.23 
1.75 
(1) EPS after elimination of impairment losses, amortization of intangibles from acquisitions, the main 
capital gains and losses on disposal and fair value adjustment of financial assets and revaluation of 
earn-out payments. 
(2) As of June 30, 2021, the main capital gains and losses on disposal amount to euro 1 million and the fair 
value adjustement of financial assets amounts to euro 27 million. As of June 30, 2020, the fair value 
adjustment of financial assets amounted to euro (3) million.

--- Page 109 ---
A44983740 
109 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of the Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 
17 September 2021 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Amended and Restated Dealer 
Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arrangers, the Notes will be offered on a 
continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes 
directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing 
market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The 
Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Amended and 
Restated Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and 
severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by it unless otherwise agreed. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arrangers for certain of their expenses 
incurred in connection with the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the 
Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that 
they make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
European Economic Area  
If the Final Terms in respect to any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Member State”), each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that 
Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State at any time in 
circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of these provisions: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(“MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 110 ---
A44983740 
110 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
This European Economic Area selling restriction is in addition to any other selling restrictions set out below. 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, 
Notes in France and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be 
distributed in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to 
the Notes to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”) and the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Materialised Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree that, except as permitted by the Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or 
deliver the Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 calendar days after the 
later of the commencement of the offering and the issue date, within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them in Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of Notes, 
any offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of 
such Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States to non-US persons. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to 
purchase the Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any 
person in the United States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United 
States to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United States is unauthorised and any disclosure 
without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person 
within the United States is prohibited. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect to any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this

--- Page 111 ---
A44983740 
111 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
(the “UK”). 
For the purposes of these provisions: 
(i) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(b) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, 
as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or 
(c) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(ii) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, and the 
expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. 
 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that:

--- Page 112 ---
A44983740 
112 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended (the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”)). Accordingly, each of the 
Dealers has severally represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold 
and shall not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity 
organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, 
or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements 
of, and otherwise in compliance with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws, 
ministerial guidelines, and regulations of Japan. 
Hong Kong 
This Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms have not been approved by or registered with the Securities 
and Futures Commission of Hong Kong or the Registrar of Companies of Hong Kong. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
(except for Notes which are a “structured product” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) other than (i) to “professional investors” as defined in the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (ii) in other circumstances 
which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the 
public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
and any rules made under that Ordinance.

--- Page 113 ---
A44983740 
113 
People’s Republic of China (PRC) 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, the offer of the Notes is not an offer of securities within the 
meaning of the securities laws of the PRC or other pertinent laws and regulations of the PRC and the Notes 
have not been offered or sold and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in the PRC (for such 
purposes, not including the Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions or Taiwan), except as 
permitted by the laws of the PRC. 
Further, no PRC persons may directly or indirectly purchase any of the Notes or any beneficial interest therein 
without obtaining all prior approvals or completing all registrations or filings that are required from PRC 
regulators, whether statutorily or otherwise. Persons who come into possession of this document are required 
by the Dealer and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme to observe these restrictions. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold any Notes 
or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or 
sell such Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and 
has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document 
or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A 
of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time 
(the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the 
SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or

--- Page 114 ---
A44983740 
114 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Switzerland 
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from requirement to prepare or publish a prospectus under 
the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”). This Base Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus pursuant to 
the FinSA and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared in connection with the offering of the Notes.  
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified or supplemented by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification or supplement will be set 
out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in 
each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the 
Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required for the purchase, offer or sale of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in 
which it makes such purchase, offer or sale and neither the Issuer, nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility 
therefore.

--- Page 115 ---
A44983740 
115 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II[; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus 
Regulation")]. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA[; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA]. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[3MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 
5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
1  Delete legend if the offer of the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products, in which case, insert “Not Applicable” in paragraph 8(v) of Part 
B below. Include legend if the offer of the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to EEA retail investors. In this case insert “Applicable” in paragraph 8(v) of Part B below. 
2  Delete legend if the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products, in which case, insert "Not Applicable" in paragraph 8(vi) of Part B below. 
Include legend if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to UK retail investors, insert "Applicable" in paragraph 8(vi) of Part B below. 
3  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach.

--- Page 116 ---
A44983740 
116 
[4UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 
5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative 
materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK 
MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]5 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are prescribed capital markets products 
(as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).]6 
 
 
 
4  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach. 
5  The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend 
or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
6  For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B 
of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 117 ---
A44983740 
117 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[LOGO, if document is printed] 
Publicis Groupe S.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 2138004KW8BV57III342 
Euro 1,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes 
 
SERIES NO: [●] 
TRANCHE NO: [●] 
[Brief description and Amount of Notes] (the “Notes”) 
issued by Publicis Groupe S.A. (the “Issuer”) 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]

--- Page 118 ---
A44983740 
118 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 17 September 2021 which has received approval no. 21-408 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the “AMF”) on 17 September 2021 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●] which has received approval 
no. [●] from the AMF on [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) (the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the information. The Base 
Prospectus [and the Supplement(s)] [is]/[are] available for viewing on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) 
and of Publicis (www.publicisgroupe.com) [and printed copies may be obtained from Publicis at 133, avenue des 
Champs-Elysées, 75008 Paris, France.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs 
of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1 
 Issuer: 
Publicis 
2 
 (i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes will be assimilated (assimilées) 
and form a single series with the existing [insert description 
of the Series] issued by the Issuer on [insert date] 
(the “Existing Notes”) as from the date of assimilation 
which is expected to be on or about 40 calendar days after 
the Issue Date (the “Assimilation Date”).] 
3 
 Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche: 
[●] 
5 
 Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible 
issues only if applicable)] 
6 
 Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] 
7 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8 
 Maturity Date: 
[●] [Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year] 
9 
 Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[specify particular reference rate, 
LIBOR/EURIBOR/CMS Rate] +/- [●] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
[Zero Coupon]

--- Page 119 ---
A44983740 
119 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10 
 Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [●] per cent. of their nominal amount. 
11 
 Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Optional Change of Interest 
Date / Automatic Change of Interest Date: [●]] 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate or 
floating to fixed rate change occurs or refer to 
paragraphs 14 and 15 below and identify there] 
12 
 Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Call Option] 
[Residual Call Option] 
[Make-Whole Call Option] 
[Clean-Up Call Option] 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
[Acquisition Event Call Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13 
 (i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
(ii) [Date[s] of [Directoire] approval[s] for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[Decision of the [Directoire] of Publicis dated [●]] [and 
[●]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14 
 Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: From (and 
including) [●] to (but excluding) [●]:] [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other (specify)] in arrears on 
each Interest Payment Date] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention specified below7] [commencing on [●] 
and ending on [●]/[the Maturity Date]] [specify Business 
Day Convention and any applicable Business Centre(s) for 
the definition of “Business Day”]/not adjusted.] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]8: 
[[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[●]/ Not Applicable] 
 
7  RMB Notes only 
8  Not applicable for RMB Notes

--- Page 120 ---
A44983740 
120 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / Act/Act 
(ISDA) 
/ Actual/365-FBF 
/ Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis 
/ 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(vi) [Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual-ICMA)] 
 
(vii) [Business Day Convention9: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]] 
 
(viii) Interest Rate Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) Margin Adjustment: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) [Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
Interest Amounts (if not the Calculation 
Agent)10: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
15 
 Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: From (and 
including) [●] to (but excluding) [●]:] [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
(In the event where the benchmark used to calculate the 
interest payable is discontinued, Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) 
provides for a methodology to determine the successor or 
alternative rates) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (iii) below] 
 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(iv) Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(v) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/FBF Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vi) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/Specify dates] 
 
(vii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
 
 
 
 
9  RMB Notes only 
10  RMB Notes only

--- Page 121 ---
A44983740 
121 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[●] 
 
(viii) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[●] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR] [CMS Rate] 
 
– 
Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[●] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[●] 
 
– 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
– 
Relevant Swap Rate: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reference Bank: 
[●] 
 
– 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●] 
 
– 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reference Currency: 
[●] 
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– 
Specified Time: 
[●] 
 
(ix) FBF Determination: 
 
 
– 
Floating Rate (Taux Variable): 
[●] 
 
– 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
Date (Date de Détermination du 
Taux Variable): 
 
 
[●] 
 
(x) ISDA Determination: 
 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(xi) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) Minimum Rate of Interest11: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / Act/Act 
(ISDA) 
/ Actual/365-FBF 
/ Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis 
/ 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xv) Interest Rate Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) Margin Adjustment: 
[[●]/Not Applicable]] 
 
11 In no event shall the applicable rate of interest be less than zero.

--- Page 122 ---
A44983740 
122 
16 
 Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / Act/Act 
(ISDA) 
/ Actual/365-FBF 
/ Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis 
/ 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17 
 Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) [Redeemable in part:] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Notice period12: 
[[As per the Conditions]/[●]] 
18 
 Make-Whole Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
As per Condition 6(d) 
 
(ii) Notice period13: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Reference Security: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Reference Dealers: 
[[As per Condition 6(d)/[●]] 
 
(v) Redemption Rate: 
[[As per Condition 6(d)/[●]] 
 
(vi) Party, if any, responsible for calculating 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(and any accrued interest due) (if not 
 
 
 
 
12  If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent. 
13  If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 123 ---
A44983740 
123 
the Make-Whole Call Calculation 
Agent): 
 
[[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(vii) Redemption Margin: 
[●] 
19 
 Clean-Up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph 
 
(i) 
Clean-Up Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
20 
 Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) Notice period14: 
[[As per the Conditions]/[●]] 
21 
 Residual Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Residual Call Option Date (Condition 
6(c)): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Notice period15: 
[●] 
22 
 Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
23 
 Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons (Condition 6(i)) or on 
event of default (Condition 9): 
 
 
 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
(ii) Redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons 
permitted on days other than Interest 
Payment Dates: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
24 
 Acquisition Event Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Acquisition Event Limit Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Targeted Company: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Optional Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
14 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent. 
15  If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 124 ---
A44983740 
124 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25 
 Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] (Materialised 
Notes are only in bearer form and may only be issued 
outside France.) 
 
 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable/specify whether Bearer dematerialised 
form (au porteur)/Administered Registered Dematerialised 
form 
(au 
nominatif 
administré)/Fully 
Registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif pur)] 
 
(i) 
Registration Agent 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] [if applicable give name and 
details] (note that a registration agent must be appointed 
in relation to Fully Registered Dematerialised Notes only) 
 
(ii) Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on [●] (the 
“Exchange Date”), being 40 calendar days after the Issue 
Date subject to postponement as specified in the Temporary 
Global Certificate] 
 
(iii) Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[TEFRA C Rules/TEFRA D Rules/Not Applicable] (Only 
applicable to Materialised Notes) 
26 
 Exclusion of the possibility to request 
identification of the Noteholders as provided 
by Condition 1(a): 
 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
27 
 Financial Centre(s) (Condition 7(h)): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this item relates to 
the date of payment, and not the end dates of interest period 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of interest to 
which items 14(ii) and 15(iv) relate] 
28 
 Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
 
 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
29 
 Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) Minimum Instalment Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Maximum Instalment Amount: 
[●] 
30 
 Possibility of resale of purchased Notes16: 
[Yes/No] 
31 
 Masse (Condition 11): 
Name and address of the Representative: [●] 
[Name and address of the alternate Representative: [●]] 
[The Representation will receive no remuneration/The 
Representative will receive a remuneration of [●]] 
 
16 In accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 125 ---
A44983740 
125 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source).] [The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by (specify 
source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Publicis: 
 
By:  
 .......................................  
 Duly authorised

--- Page 126 ---
A44983740 
126 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1 
 LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [Euronext 
Paris/specify relevant regulated market] with effect from 
[●].] [Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[Euronext Paris/specify relevant regulated market]] with 
effect from [●].] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading) 
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2 
 RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated]: 
 
 
[S & P: [●]] 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes where the issue has been specifically rated) 
(Include appropriate Credit Rating Agency Regulation 
(Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended) disclosure) 
 
 
[Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in 
the European Union and [has/have each] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended), although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended)]] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established in 
the European Union and [has/have each] not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended)]]

--- Page 127 ---
A44983740 
127 
3 
 [INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
[issue/offer], detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion 
of the statement below): 
 
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.” (Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests)] 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation)] 
4 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS [AND TOTAL EXPENSES] 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●] 
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from making profit and/or 
hedging certain risks will need to include those reasons 
here)] 
 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding) 
 
[(iii)] 
Estimated total expenses: 
[●] 
[Include breakdown of expenses]] 
5 
 [Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
6 
 [Floating Rate Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF RATES 
 
Details of performance of [LIBOR/EURIBOR/CMS Rate replicate other as specified in the Conditions] 
rates can be obtained [but not] free of charge from [Reuters]] 
 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [LIBOR/EURIBOR[●]] which is 
provided by [●]. [As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of 
the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended) (the “Benchmark Regulation”).] 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, 
such that [●] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]] 
7 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Depositaries

--- Page 128 ---
A44983740 
128 
 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary: 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
(ii) Common Depositary for Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking, S.A.: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), addresse(s) and number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
8 
 DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) Date of the [Subscription] 
Agreement: 
 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(B) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue 
on a firm commitment basis and names of the entities 
agreeing to place the issue without a firm commitment or 
on a “best efforts” basis if such entities are not the same 
as the Managers. Where not all of the issue is 
underwritten, include a statement of the portion not 
covered.) 
 
(C) Stabilisation Manager[s] if any: 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name and address 
of Dealer: 
 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) US Selling Restrictions (Categories of 
potential investors to which the Notes 
are offered): 
 
 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 applies to the Notes; 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(v) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified and the legend entitled “Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors” on the cover page of the 
Final Terms should be included. For the purpose of the 
above, a “packaged” product shall designate a 
“packaged retail investment product” which means in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 26

--- Page 129 ---
A44983740 
129 
 
 
 
 
November 2014 an investment, where, regardless of the 
legal form of the investment, the amount repayable to the 
retail investor is subject to fluctuations because of 
exposure to reference values or to the performance of one 
or more assets which are not directly purchased by the 
retail investor.) 
 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified and the legend entitled “Prohibition of 
Sales to UK Retail Investors” on the cover page of the 
Final Terms should be included. For the purpose of the 
above, a “packaged” product shall designate a 
“packaged retail investment product” which means in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 
November 2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union Withdrawal Agreement, an 
investment, where, regardless of the legal form of the 
investment, the amount repayable to the retail investor is 
subject to fluctuations because of exposure to reference 
values or to the performance of one or more assets which 
are not directly purchased by the retail investor.)

--- Page 130 ---
A44983740 
130 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
AMF approval and listing and admission to trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority pursuant to the 
Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall 
not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of 
this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Notes.  
This Base Prospectus will be valid for a period of 12 months until 17 September 2022 provided that it is 
completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence 
of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included 
(including information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment 
of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer 
apply. 
Application will be made to list and admit the Notes to trading on Euronext Paris, as the case may be. 
In compliance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, application may also be made for the notification 
of certificate of approval to any competent authority of any Member State of the EEA. 
(2) 
Corporate authorisations 
Publicis will obtain prior to any drawdown of Notes under the Programme, all necessary corporate and other 
consents, approvals and authorisations in the Republic of France. Any drawdown of Notes under the 
Programme, to the extent that such Notes constitute obligations, requires the prior authorisation of (i) the 
Directoire of Publicis and, to the extent required, the Conseil de surveillance of Publicis or (ii) the Ordinary 
General Meeting of the Issuer’s shareholders if (a) the statuts of the Issuer so require (at the date hereof the 
statuts of Publicis do not require a resolution of the Ordinary General Meeting) or (b) the shareholders at an 
Ordinary General Meeting decide to authorise an issue of obligations, all pursuant to Article L.228-40 of the 
French Code de commerce. As of today, the Conseil de surveillance of Publicis held on 26 May 2021 
authorised the Directoire of Publicis to update the Programme and to issue Notes under the Programme. The 
Directoire of Publicis held on 18 May 2021 authorised the update of the Programme, and delegated to 
designated members of the Directoire the power to issue Notes under the Programme. 
(3) 
No significant change in the financial position or financial performance 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of Publicis or the 
Group since 30 June 2021. 
(4) 
No material adverse change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Publicis since 31 December 2020. 
(5) 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, Publicis is not or has not been involved in any governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceeding which are pending or threatened of which Publicis 
is aware), during a period covering at least the previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent 
past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of Publicis or the Group.

--- Page 131 ---
A44983740 
131 
(6) 
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the issuing entity of the members of the Directoire 
of the Issuer and the Conseil de Surveillance of the Issuer 
To the knowledge of the Issuer, there are no other potential conflicts of interest between the duties, to the 
Issuer, of the members of the Directoire of the Issuer and the Conseil de Surveillance of the Issuer, the general 
management and their private interests and/or other duties. To the knowledge of the Issuer, there are no 
arrangements or agreements, with the main shareholders, customers or suppliers of the Issuer, pursuant to 
which a member of the Directoire of the Issuer, the Conseil de Surveillance of the Issuer or the general 
management has been appointed. 
(7) 
Material contracts 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which 
could result in any Group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s 
ability to meet its obligation to the Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
(8) 
Clearing 
Notes will be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems which are entities in 
charge of keeping the records. The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) 
or the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream is 42 avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed either with the Issuer or 
with the registration agent. 
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
(9) 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the 
relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the 
Notes and will not be an indication of future yield.  
(10) 
Documents available 
For so long as Notes issued under the Programme are outstanding, the following documents will be available, 
during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), for inspection at the 
principal office of the Issuer, or otherwise, using any kinds of communication means, permitted by law, at the 
choice of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying Agents, free of charge: 
(i) 
the statuts of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
a copy of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, which comprise the 2021 
Half-Year Financial Report, the 2020 URD and the 2019 URD; 
(iii) 
each Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris; 
(iv) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus and any document incorporated by reference;

--- Page 132 ---
A44983740 
132 
(v) 
all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and statements 
prepared by any expert at the Issuer’s request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base 
Prospectus. 
The following documents will be available, on the websites of the Issuer (www.publicisgroupe.com) and of 
the AMF (www.amf-france.org): 
(i) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris; and 
(ii) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus; and 
(iii) 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (excluding the 2021 Half-Year 
Financial Report in respect of the website of the AMF). 
The statuts of the Issuer are available on the website of the Issuer (www.publicisgroupe.com).  
(11) 
Statutory auditors 
Mazars and Ernst & Young et Autres have audited and rendered unqualified audit reports on the consolidated 
financial statements of Publicis for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 prepared in accordance with 
IFRS as adopted by the European Union. Both entities are regulated by the Haut Conseil du Commissariat 
aux Comptes, duly authorised as Commissaires aux comptes and members of the Compagnie Régionale des 
Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles et du Centre. 
(12) 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in the “General Description of the Programme”), the 
Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or any 
person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes or 
effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which 
might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person 
acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action 
may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the 
relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 
30 calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 calendar days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
(13) 
Benchmark Regulation  
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" 
for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended) (the “Benchmark Regulation”). In this case, 
a statement will be included in the relevant Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the 
"benchmark" is included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. 
(14) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
The LEI of the Issuer is 2138004KW8BV57III342. 
(15) 
Currencies 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, 
“Euro”, “EUR” or “euro” are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European

--- Page 133 ---
A44983740 
133 
Union which was introduced on 1 January 1999, references to “£”, “pounds sterling”, “GBP” and “Sterling” 
are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to “$”, “USD” and “U.S. dollars” are to the 
lawful currency of the United States of America, references to “HK$” are to the lawful currency of Hong 
Kong, references to “¥”, “JPY”, “Japanese yen” and “Yen” are to the lawful currency of Japan, references 
to “CHF”, “Swiss francs” are to the lawful currency of Switzerland and references to “Renminbi” or “RMB” 
are to the lawful currency of the PRC. 
(16) 
Issuer’s website 
The website of the Issuer is www.publicisgroup.com. The information on such website does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 134 ---
A44983740 
134 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS 
 
Paris, on 17 September 2021 
I declare, to the best of our knowledge, that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with 
the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import.  
 
 
Duly represented by Arthur Sadoun 
in his position as Président du Directoire 
authorised signatory pursuant to the resolution of the Directoire of the Issuer adopted on 18 May 2021 
 
 
Autorité des marchés financiers 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it 
contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 17 September 2021 is valid until 17 September 2022 and shall, within 
this period and pursuant to the conditions set by Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended be completed 
by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. The 
Base Prospectus has the following approval number: 21-408.

--- Page 135 ---
A44983740 
135 
ISSUER 
Publicis Groupe S.A. 
133, avenue des Champs-Elysées 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
ARRANGERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG  
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France  
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51, rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG  
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (Taunus Turm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 136 ---
A44983740 
136 
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT  
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin 
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
MAKE-WHOLE CALL CALCULATION AGENT 
Conv-Ex Advisors Limited 
30 Crown Place 
London EC2A 4EB 
United Kingdom 
 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
AS TO FRENCH LAW 
Ernst & Young et Autres  
1-2 Place des Saisons 
92400 Courbevoie - Paris la Défense 1 
France 
Mazars 
61, rue Henri Régnault 
Tour Exaltis 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
To the Issuer 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton 
12, rue de Tilsitt 
75008 Paris 
France  
To the Dealers 
Linklaters LLP 
25, rue de Marignan 
75008 Paris 
France