--- Page 1 ---
10250860379-v17 
 
75-41049031 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
QIB SUKUK LTD. 
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability) 
U.S.$5,000,000,000 
Trust Certificate Issuance Programme 
Under the U.S.$5,000,000,000 trust certificate issuance programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), QIB Sukuk Ltd. (in its capacity 
as issuer and as trustee, the "Trustee") may, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, from time to time issue trust certificates (the "Certificates") 
in any currency agreed between the Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). 
Certificates may only be issued in registered form. The Certificates will be issued in series (each series of Certificates being a "Series"). The maximum aggregate face amount of 
all Certificates from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed U.S.$5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as provided in the 
Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
Certificates may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme" and any additional dealer(s) (each a "Dealer" and 
together the "Dealers") appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Trustee and Qatar Islamic Bank (Q.P.S.C.) ("QIB"), which appointment may be for a specific 
issue of Certificates or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer(s)" shall, in the case of an issue of Certificates being (or intended to be) 
subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe to such Certificates. 
The Certificates will be limited recourse obligations of the Trustee. An investment in Certificates issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion 
of the principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the Trustee to fulfil its obligations under the Certificates, see "Risk Factors". 
Each Series (as defined herein) of Certificates issued under the Programme will be constituted by: (i) an amended and restated master declaration of trust dated 13 February 2023 
(the "Master Declaration of Trust") entered into between the Trustee, QIB and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited as delegate of the Trustee (in such capacity, the "Delegate"); 
and (ii) a supplemental declaration of trust (the "Supplemental Declaration of Trust") in relation to the relevant tranche (each tranche of Certificates being a "Tranche"). 
Certificates of each Series confer on the holders of the Certificates from time to time (the "Certificateholders") the right to receive certain payments (as more particularly 
described herein) arising from the assets of a trust declared by the Trustee in relation to the relevant Series (the "Trust"). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus 
Regulation"). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an endorsement of the Trustee or the Bank or of the quality of the Certificates. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Certificates. Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Certificates issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list 
(the "Official List") and trading on its regulated market (the "Regulated Market"). Such approval relates only to the Certificates which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) ("EU MiFID II") (each such regulated market being a "EU MiFID Regulated Market") and/or which are to be 
offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area (the "EEA") (each EEA member state being, a "Relevant State"). This Base Prospectus (as supplemented 
as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Certificates which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Relevant State. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is 
no longer valid. The Certificates will be delisted from the Official List and/or any other stock exchanges following the occurrence of a Tangibility Event, see Condition 11(d) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Certificateholders (Tangibility Event)). 
References in this Base Prospectus to Certificates being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Certificates have been admitted to listing on the Official List and 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or, as the case may be, another EU MiFID Regulated Market as may be specified in the applicable final terms relating to the relevant 
Tranche (the "applicable Final Terms"). The Programme permits Certificates to be issued on the basis that they may not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges 
and/or quotation systems as may be agreed between the Trustee, QIB and the relevant Dealer. Notice of the aggregate face amount of Certificates and any other terms and 
conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche will be set out in the applicable Final Terms which, with respect to Certificates to be listed on Euronext 
Dublin's regulated market, will be delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin on or around the date of issue of such Tranche. The Trustee and QIB may agree 
with any Dealer that Certificates may be issued with terms and conditions not contemplated by the terms and conditions of the Certificates (the "Conditions") herein, in which 
event a supplemental Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Certificates. 
The Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Certificates may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject 
to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. Accordingly, the Certificates are being offered, sold or delivered only outside the United 
States in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in accordance with Regulation S. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Certificates and on distribution 
of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Each Tranche of Certificates will initially be represented by a global certificate in registered form (a "Global Certificate"). Global Certificates will be: (i) in the case of Certificates 
intended to be cleared through Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), deposited on the relevant issue date with, 
and registered in the name of a nominee for, a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; or (ii) in the case of 
Certificates intended to be cleared through the Central Moneymarkets Unit Service (the "CMU") operated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (the "HKMA"), deposited on 
the relevant issue date with a sub-custodian for the CMU and registered in the name of the HKMA. The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Certificates for 
definitive Certificates are described in "Form of the Certificates". 
QIB has been assigned long-term ratings of A- by Fitch Ratings Ltd. ("Fitch") with a stable outlook, A+ by Capital Intelligence Ratings Ltd. ("Capital Intelligence") with a stable 
outlook and A1 by Moody's Investors Service Ltd. ("Moody's") with a stable outlook. The Programme has been rated A- by Fitch.
Each of Fitch and Moody's is established in the United Kingdom (the "UK") and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) as it forms part of domestic law 
of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). Each of Fitch and Moody's is not established in the EEA and has 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, the "EU CRA Regulation"). The rating assigned by Fitch has been endorsed by Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited, which established in the European Union (the "EU") and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, and has not been withdrawn. The rating assigned by Moody's 
has been endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH, which is established in the EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, and has not been withdrawn. Each of Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited and Moody's Deutschland GmbH appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies on the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Each of Fitch and Moody's 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies on the UK Financial Conduct Authority's (the "FCA") Financial Services Register. Capital Intelligence 
is established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. As such, Capital Intelligence is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its 
website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. A Tranche of Certificates to be issued under the 
Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Certificates is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme or 
Certificates already issued. Where a Tranche of Certificates is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to 
the Programme by Fitch. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Certificates will be treated as having been issued either: (i) by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation; or (ii) by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, will, in each case, be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. 
The transaction structure relating to the Certificates (as described in this Base Prospectus) has been approved by the Shari'a Supervisory Board of QIB, the Shari'a Supervisory 
Board of QInvest LLC, the HSBC Global Shariah Supervision Committee and the Global Shari'a Supervisory Committee of Standard Chartered Bank. Prospective 
Certificateholders should not rely on the approval referred to above in deciding whether to make an investment in the Certificates and should consult their own Shari'a advisers 
as to whether the proposed transaction described in the approval referred to above is in compliance with their individual standards of compliance with Shari'a principles. None of 
the Trustee, QIB, the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Delegate or the Agents makes any representation as to the Shari'a compliance of the Certificates and/or any trading thereof.

--- Page 2 ---
10250860379-v17 
 
75-41049031 
 
 
ARRANGERS AND DEALERS 
 
HSBC 
QInvest 
Standard Chartered Bank 
 
 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 13 February 2023

--- Page 3 ---
10250860379-v17 
- i - 
75-41049031 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and 
for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Trustee, QIB and its subsidiaries and affiliates 
taken as a whole (the "Group") and the Certificates which, according to the particular nature of the Trustee, 
QIB, the Group and the Certificates, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of 
the assets and liabilities, financial position or financial performance, profit and losses and prospects of the 
Trustee and QIB. 
Each of the Trustee and QIB accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and each declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any Certificates with a minimum denomination 
of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) will: (i) only be admitted to trading on a EU 
MiFID Regulated Market; or (ii) only be offered to the public in a Relevant State, pursuant to an exemption 
under the EU Prospectus Regulation. In the case of any Certificates which are to be admitted to trading on 
a EU MiFID Regulated Market or offered to the public in a Relevant State in circumstances which require 
the publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified denomination 
shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Certificates). 
None of the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Delegate, nor any of their directors, affiliates, advisors or agents 
has independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or 
undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by any of them as to 
the accuracy, adequacy, reasonableness or completeness of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Trustee or QIB in connection with the Programme nor 
is any responsibility accepted by them, for any acts or omissions of the Trustee, QIB or any other person 
(other than the relevant Arrangers, Dealers or the Delegate) in connection with the Programme or the issue 
of Certificates under the Programme. 
Certain information under the headings "Overview of Qatar" and "Banking Industry and Regulation in 
Qatar" has been extracted from industry sources and information provided by third party sources that the 
Trustee and QIB believe to be reliable and, in each case, the relevant source of such information is specified 
where it appears under those headings. Each of the Trustee and QIB confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by the relevant sources referred to, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any amendments or supplements hereto 
and with any information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Certificates, 
should be read and construed together with the applicable Final Terms. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus and, if given or made, should not be relied upon as having been authorised 
by the Trustee, QIB, the Delegate, the Arrangers or any of the Dealers. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any 
Certificate shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely 
to involve any adverse change, in the financial position, financial performance or prospects of the Trustee 
or QIB since the date hereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. The Delegate, the Arrangers and the Dealers expressly do not undertake to 
review the financial condition or affairs of the Trustee or QIB during the life of the arrangements

--- Page 4 ---
10250860379-v17 
- ii - 
75-41049031 
 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus or to advise any investor or potential investor in Certificates issued 
under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Arrangers or the Dealers accepts any responsibility for 
the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement made or purported to be made by the 
Arrangers or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Trustee or QIB or the issue and offering of the 
Certificates. The Arrangers, each Dealer and their respective affiliates accordingly disclaims all and any 
liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise 
have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any such 
statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered 
as a recommendation by any of the Trustee or QIB, the Arrangers or the Dealers that any recipient of this 
Base Prospectus or any other such statements should purchase the Certificates. Each potential purchaser of 
Certificates should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and its purchase of Certificates should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the 
Arrangers or the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Trustee or QIB during 
the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential 
investor in the Certificates of any information coming to the attention of any of the Arrangers or the Dealers. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Certificates in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Trustee, QIB, the Arrangers and the Dealers to 
inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on 
offers and sales of Certificates and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale". 
In particular, the Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any U.S. 
State securities law. Subject to certain exceptions, Certificates may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or to U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S except pursuant to an exemption from, or 
in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in accordance with all 
applicable securities laws of any State of the United States and any other jurisdiction. The Trustee, QIB, 
the Delegate and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that 
any Certificates may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for, or 
purchase, any Certificates and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Trustee, the Delegate, 
QIB, the Arrangers, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
should subscribe for, or purchase, any Certificates. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms should make its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the 
Trustee and QIB as it deems necessary. 
The maximum aggregate face amount of Certificates outstanding at any one time under the Programme will 
not exceed U.S.$5,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Certificates denominated in another currency 
shall be translated into United States dollars at the date of the agreement to issue such Certificates 
(calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Programme Agreement)). The maximum aggregate 
face amount of Certificates which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be 
increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Programme 
Agreement. 
The Certificates may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Certificates 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant 
Certificates, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Certificates and the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Certificates and the impact such 
investment will have on its overall investment portfolio;

--- Page 5 ---
10250860379-v17 
- iii - 
75-41049031 
 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Certificates, including where any Dissolution Amount or Periodic Distribution Amount 
(each as defined herein) payments are payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for any Dissolution Amount or Periodic Distribution Amount payment are different from the 
potential investor's currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Certificates and be familiar with the behaviour of 
any relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Certificates are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. Such investments may be purchased 
as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured and appropriate addition of risk to 
their overall investment portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Certificates unless it has the 
expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Certificates will perform 
under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Certificates and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or the review 
of such laws and regulations by certain governmental or regulatory authorities. Each potential investor 
should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent: (i) the Certificates constitute legal 
investments for it; (ii) the Certificates can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing; and (iii) 
other restrictions apply to any purchase or pledge of any Certificates by the investor. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of 
Certificates under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules and regulations. 
No comment is made, or advice given, by the Trustee, QIB, the Delegate, the Arrangers or the Dealers in 
respect of taxation matters relating to any Certificates or the legality of the purchase of Certificates by an 
investor under applicable or similar laws. 
EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IS ADVISED TO CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISER, 
LEGAL ADVISER AND BUSINESS ADVISER AS TO TAX, LEGAL AND BUSINESS AND 
RELATED MATTERS CONCERNING THE PURCHASE OF THE CERTIFICATES.

--- Page 6 ---
10250860379-v17 
- i - 
75-41049031 
 
PRESENTATION OF CERTAIN FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Financial Information 
The sources of the historical financial information included in this Base Prospectus are as follows: (i) the 
audited consolidated financial statements of QIB as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 including 
the comparative information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020 (the "2021 Financial 
Statements"); and (ii) the audited consolidated financial statements of QIB as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2022 including the comparative information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the 
"2022 Financial Statements", together with the 2021 Financial Statements, the "Financial Statements"). 
QIB's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific year are 
to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. 
The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards ("FAS") 
issued by the Accounting and Auditing Organisation for Islamic Financial Institutions ("AAOIFI") as 
modified by Qatar Central Bank ("QCB"). For matters for which no AAOIFI standards or related guidance 
exist, the Group applies the relevant International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRSs"). 
The financial information included in this Base Prospectus has not been prepared in accordance with IFRS 
and there may be material differences in the financial information had IFRS been applied to the historical 
financial information. See "Summary of Significant Differences Between the Financial Accounting 
Standards Issued by AAOIFI and International Financial Reporting Standards". 
Certain Defined Terms 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any section of this Base Prospectus will have the 
meaning attributed thereto in the Conditions or any other section of this Base Prospectus. In addition, the 
following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined below: 
• 
references to "Basel III" are to the reforms to the international regulatory capital framework issued 
by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and as adopted by the Qatar Central Bank as part 
of a package of new capital and liquidity requirements intended to reinforce capital standards and 
to establish minimum liquidity standards for international credit institutions (including guidance 
on the eligibility criteria for tier 1 capital and tier 2 capital instruments); 
• 
references to an "effective ownership interest" herein are to an ownership interest which, in 
addition to QIB's own shareholding, includes the shareholding held by nominees of QIB in a 
relevant entity; 
• 
references to "Qatar" herein are to the State of Qatar; 
• 
references to the "QCB Law" herein are to the Law of the Qatar Central Bank and the Regulation 
of Financial Institutions (Law No. 13 of 2012); and 
• 
references to the "Government" herein are to the government of Qatar. 
Certain Conventions 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments. 
Accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to "U.S. dollars", "U.S", "dollars" and "USD" refer to United States 
dollars being the legal currency for the time being of the United States of America; all references to "euro" 
and "€" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended; and all references to "riyal", "QR" and "QAR" refer to Qatari riyal being 
the legal currency for the time being of Qatar. The riyal has been pegged to the U.S. dollar since 1971. 
Since 1980, the peg has been effectively set at a fixed exchange rate of 3.64 riyals per U.S. dollar and this 
rate was officially adopted in 2001. Accordingly, translations of amounts from riyals to U.S. dollars have 
been made at this exchange rate for all periods presented in this Base Prospectus and are based on the

--- Page 7 ---
10250860379-v17 
- ii - 
75-41049031 
 
rounded QAR amounts and not the original amounts that appear in the financial statements included in this 
Base Prospectus. 
References to a "billion" are to a thousand million. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
A number of the financial measures presented by QIB in this Base Prospectus are not defined in the FAS 
or IFRS. However, QIB believes that these measures provide useful supplementary information to both 
investors and QIB's management, as they facilitate the evaluation of company performance. It is to be noted 
that, since not all companies calculate financial measurements in the same manner, these are not always 
comparable to measurements used by other companies. Accordingly, these financial measures should not 
be seen as a substitute for measures defined in the FAS or IFRS. Unless otherwise stated, the list below 
presents alternative performance measures, along with their reconciliation to the extent that such 
information is not defined in the FAS or IFRS and not included in QIB's financial statements incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus: 
• 
Return on average assets: net profit for the year attributable to equity holders/average assets for 
the year. Average assets is determined by adding the total assets at the beginning and at the end of 
the year and dividing the total by two. 
• 
Return on average total equity holders' equity: net profit for the year attributable to equity holders 
less profit on sukuk eligible as additional capital/average total equity holders' equity for the year. 
Average total equity holders' equity is determined by adding the total equity holders' equity at the 
beginning and at the end of the year after reducing profit on sukuk eligible as additional capital 
and dividing the total by two. 
• 
Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio: tier 1 capital/total risk weighted assets. Tier 1 capital and total risk 
weighted assets are both determined as per the Basel III Pillar I guidelines issued for Islamic banks 
by the Qatar Central Bank in January 2014. 
• 
Total capital adequacy ratio: total regulatory capital/total risk weighted assets. Total regulatory 
capital and total risk weighted assets are both determined as per the Basel III Pillar I guidelines 
issued for Islamic banks by the Qatar Central Bank in January 2014. 
• 
Coverage ratio on credit impaired financing assets: impairment allowances against credit 
impaired financing assets and suspended profit/credit impaired financing assets net of deferred 
profit. 
• 
Credit impaired financing ratio: credit impaired financing assets net of deferred profit/total 
financing assets net of deferred profit. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be "forward-looking statements". Forward- 
looking statements include statements concerning QIB's plans, objectives, goals, strategies and future 
operations and performance and the assumptions underlying these forward-looking statements. When used 
in this Base Prospectus, the words "anticipates", "estimates", "expects", "believes", "intends", "plans", 
"aims", "seeks", "may", "will", "should" and any similar expressions generally identify forward-looking 
statements. These forward-looking statements are contained in the sections entitled "Risk Factors", 
"Description of Qatar Islamic Bank (Q.P.S.C.)" and other sections of this Base Prospectus. QIB has based 
these forward-looking statements on the current view of its management with respect to future events and 
financial performance. Although QIB believes that the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in 
its forward-looking statements are reasonable as at the date of this Base Prospectus, if one or more of the 
risks or uncertainties materialise, including those identified below or which QIB has otherwise identified 
in this Base Prospectus, or if any of QIB's underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, 
QIB's actual results of operation may vary from those expected, estimated or predicted. Investors are 
therefore strongly advised to read, among others, the sections entitled "Risk Factors", "Description of Qatar 
Islamic Bank (Q.P.S.C.)", "Management and Employees", "Risk Management", "Related Party 
Transactions", "Selected Financial Information", "Overview of Qatar" and "Banking Industry and

--- Page 8 ---
10250860379-v17 
- iii - 
75-41049031 
 
Regulation in Qatar", which include a more detailed description of the factors that might have an impact 
on QIB's business development and on the industry sector in which it operates. 
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include: 
• 
macro-economic and financial market conditions and, in particular, recovery from the global 
financial crisis; 
• 
credit risks, including the impact of a higher level of credit defaults arising from adverse economic 
conditions (in particular in relation to the real estate and construction sectors), the impact of 
provisions and impairments and concentration of QIB's portfolio of Islamic financing and investing 
assets; 
• 
liquidity risks, including the inability of QIB to meet its contractual and contingent cash flow 
obligations or the inability to fund its operations; and 
• 
changes in profit rates and other market conditions. 
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, 
but are not limited to, those discussed under "Risk Factors". 
Any forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, QIB expressly 
disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates 
or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in expectations 
thereof or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any forward-looking statement is 
based. Given the uncertainties of forward-looking statements, QIB cannot assure potential investors that 
projected results or events will be achieved and QIB cautions potential investors not to place undue reliance 
on these statements. 
VOLCKER RULE 
The Volcker Rule, which became effective on 1 April 2014, but was subject to a conformance period for 
certain entities that concluded on 21 July 2015, generally prohibits "banking entities" (which is broadly 
defined to include U.S. banks and bank holding companies and many non-U.S. banking entities, together 
with their respective subsidiaries and other affiliates) from: (i) engaging in proprietary trading; (ii) acquiring 
or retaining an ownership interest in or sponsoring a "covered fund"; and (iii) entering into certain 
relationships with "covered funds". The general effects of the Volcker Rule remain uncertain; any 
prospective investor in the Certificates and any entity that is a "banking entity" as defined under the Volcker 
Rule which is considering an investment in the Certificates should consult its own legal advisors and 
consider the potential impact of the Volcker Rule in respect of such investment. If investment by "banking 
entities" in the Certificates is prohibited or restricted by the Volcker Rule, this could impair the 
marketability and liquidity of such Certificates. No assurance can be made as to the effect of the Volcker 
Rule on the ability of certain investors subject thereto to acquire or retain an interest in the Certificates, and 
accordingly none of the Trustee, QIB, the Arrangers, the Delegate, the Agents or the Dealers, or any of 
their respective affiliates makes any representation regarding: (a) the status of the Trustee under the Volcker 
Rule (including whether it is a "covered fund" for their purposes); or (b) the ability of any purchaser to 
acquire or hold the Certificates, now or at any time in the future. 
USE OF BENCHMARKS 
Profit and/or other amounts payable under the Certificates may be calculated by reference to certain 
Reference Rates (as defined in Condition 1). Any such Reference Rate may constitute a benchmark for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such Reference Rate 
does constitute such a benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark 
is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of 
any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Trustee does not intend to update the applicable Final Terms to reflect any 
change in the registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 9 ---
10250860379-v17 
- iv - 
75-41049031 
 
NOTICE TO UK RESIDENTS 
Any Certificates issued under the Programme which do not constitute "alternative finance investment 
bonds" ("AFIBs") within the meaning of Article 77A of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(Regulated Activities) Order 2001 (SI 2001/544) as amended, will represent interests in a collective 
investment scheme (as defined in the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA")) 
which has not been authorised, recognised or otherwise approved by the FCA. Accordingly, any Certificates 
to be issued under the Programme must not be marketed in the UK to the general public and this Base 
Prospectus is not being distributed to, and must not be passed on to, the general public in the UK. 
The distribution in the UK of this Base Prospectus, any applicable Final Terms and any other marketing 
materials relating to the Certificates is being addressed to, or directed at: (A) if the distribution of the 
Certificates (whether or not such Certificates are AFIBs) is being effected by a person who is not an 
authorised person under the FSMA, only the following persons: (i) persons who are Investment 
Professionals as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial 
Promotion) Order 2005 (the "Financial Promotion Order"); (ii) persons falling within any of the 
categories of persons described in Article 49 (high net worth companies, unincorporated associations, etc.) 
of the Financial Promotion Order; and (iii) any other person to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made 
in accordance with the Financial Promotion Order; and (B) if the Certificates are not AFIBs and the 
distribution is effected by a person who is an authorised person under the FSMA, only the following 
persons: (i) persons falling within one of the categories of Investment Professional as defined in Article 
14(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) 
(Exemptions) Order 2001 (the "Promotion of CISs Order"); (ii) persons falling within any of the 
categories of person described in Article 22 (high net worth companies, unincorporated associations, etc.) 
of the Promotion of CISs Order; and (iii) any other person to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made in 
accordance with the Promotion of CISs Order. Persons of any other description in the UK may not receive 
and should not act or rely on this Base Prospectus, any applicable Final Terms or any other marketing 
materials in relation to any Certificates. 
Potential investors in the UK in any Certificates are advised that all, or most, of the protections afforded by 
the UK regulatory system will not apply to an investment in such Certificates and that compensation will 
not be available under the UK Financial Services Compensation Scheme. 
Any prospective investor intending to invest in any investment described in this Base Prospectus should 
consult its professional adviser and ensure that it fully understands all the risks associated with making such 
an investment and that it has sufficient financial resources to sustain any loss that may arise from such 
investment. 
EU MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Certificates will include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II 
Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Certificates and 
which channels for distribution of the Certificates are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Certificates (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Certificates (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID product 
governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Certificates is a manufacturer in respect of such Certificates, but otherwise 
neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Certificates will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Certificates and which 
channels for distribution of the Certificates are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for

--- Page 10 ---
10250860379-v17 
- v - 
75-41049031 
 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Certificates (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Certificates is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Certificates, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be 
a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
CAYMAN ISLANDS NOTICE 
No invitation, whether directly or indirectly, may be made to any member of the public of the Cayman 
Islands to subscribe for any Certificates issued under the Programme and this Base Prospectus shall not be 
construed as an invitation to any member of the public of the Cayman Islands to subscribe for any 
Certificates issued under the Programme. 
NOTICE TO KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN RESIDENTS 
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, Certificates issued in connection with this Base 
Prospectus and related offering documents may only be offered in registered form to existing 
accountholders and accredited investors (each term as defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain (the "CBB")) 
in the Kingdom of Bahrain where such investors make a minimum investment of at least U.S.$100,000 or 
any equivalent amount in any other currency or such other amount as the CBB may determine. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain pursuant to the 
terms of Article (81) of the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 64 of 2006). 
This Base Prospectus and any related offering documents have not been and will not be registered as a 
prospectus with the CBB. Accordingly, no Certificates may be offered, sold or made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase nor will this Base Prospectus or any other related document or 
material be used in connection with any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe or purchase Certificates, 
whether directly or indirectly, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain, other than to accredited investors for 
an offer outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. 
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered this Base Prospectus or any related offering documents 
and it has not in any way considered the merits of the Certificates to be offered for investment, whether in 
or outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and 
completeness of the statements and information contained in this Base Prospectus and expressly disclaims 
any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from reliance upon the whole or any part of the 
content of this Base Prospectus. No offer of Certificates will be made to the public in the Kingdom of 
Bahrain and this Base Prospectus must be read by the addressee only and must not be issued, passed to, or 
made available to the public generally. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF MALAYSIA 
Any Certificates to be issued under the Programme may not be offered for subscription or purchase and no 
invitation to subscribe for or purchase such Certificates in Malaysia may be made, directly or indirectly, 
and this Base Prospectus or any document or other materials in connection therewith may not be distributed 
in Malaysia other than to persons falling within the categories set out in Part 1 of Schedule 6 or Section 
229(1)(b), Part 1 of Schedule 7 or Section 230(1)(b) and Schedule 8 or Section 257(3), read together with 
Schedule 9 or Section 257(3) of the Capital Market and Services Act 2007 of Malaysia as may be amended 
and/or varied from time to time and subject to any amendments to the applicable laws from time to time. 
The Securities Commission of Malaysia shall not be liable for any non-disclosure on the part of the Trustee 
or QIB and assumes no responsibility for the correctness of any statements made or opinions or reports 
expressed in this Base Prospectus. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE STATE OF QATAR 
Any Certificates to be issued under the Programme will not be offered or sold at any time, directly or 
indirectly, in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) in a manner that would constitute a 
public offering. This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be reviewed or approved by, or registered 
with, the Qatar Financial Markets Authority, the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange or the Qatar 
Financial Centre Regulatory Authority in accordance with their regulations or any other regulations in the 
State of Qatar. The Certificates are not and will not be traded on the Qatar Stock Exchange. The Certificates

--- Page 11 ---
10250860379-v17 
- vi - 
75-41049031 
 
and interests therein will not be offered to investors domiciled or resident in the State of Qatar and do not 
constitute debt financing in the State of Qatar under the Commercial Companies Law No. (11) of 2015 or 
otherwise under the laws of the State of Qatar. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are 
permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Capital 
Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (the "Capital Market Authority"). 
The Capital Market Authority does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this 
Base Prospectus, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in 
reliance upon, any part of this Base Prospectus. Prospective purchasers of the Certificates issued under the 
Programme should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the 
Certificates. If you do not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus, you should consult an authorised 
financial adviser. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
2001 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Certificates may include a legend entitled "Singapore 
Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the 
Certificates pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) (the 
"SFA"). The Trustee will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the 
Certificates being offered for the purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the relevant 
Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for the purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Certificates, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as 
stabilisation manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any stabilisation manager(s)) may effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Certificates at a level higher than that which 
might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the Issue Date and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier 
of 30 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of the Certificates and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of the Certificates. Any stabilisation action must be conducted by the 
relevant stabilisation manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any stabilisation manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 12 ---
10250860379-v17 
 
75-41049031 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 11 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 38 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM AND CASH FLOWS ..................................................................................... 39 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES ........................................................................ 43 
FORM OF THE CERTIFICATES ........................................................................................................... 108 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................... 110 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 120 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE ....................................................................................................... 121 
DESCRIPTION OF QATAR ISLAMIC BANK (Q.P.S.C.) .................................................................... 123 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES ................................................................................................... 139 
RISK MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................................... 150 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS .................................................................................................. 158 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................... 159 
OVERVIEW OF QATAR ........................................................................................................................ 161 
BANKING INDUSTRY AND REGULATION IN QATAR .................................................................. 171 
SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS .................................................. 181 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 195 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 198 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 204 
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT DIFFERENCES BETWEEN THE FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING 
STANDARDS ISSUED BY AAOIFI AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING 
STANDARDS .......................................................................................................................................... 207

--- Page 13 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 1 - 
75-41049031 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Certificates, the Final Terms. The Trustee and any relevant Dealer(s) may agree that 
Certificates shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Conditions, in which event, in the 
case of listed Certificates only and if appropriate, a supplemental prospectus will be published. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Certificates" and "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates" 
shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
Seller, QIB, Service Agent and, in 
the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba 
Series, Mudarib: 
Qatar Islamic Bank (Q.P.S.C.), incorporated in Qatar on 8 July 
1982 as a Qatari shareholding company by Emiri decree Number 
45 of 1982, in its capacity as Seller pursuant to the Master 
Wakala Purchase Agreement, QIB pursuant to the Purchase 
Undertaking Deed, Service Agent pursuant to the Service 
Agency Agreement and, in the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba 
Series only, as Mudarib pursuant to the Master Restricted 
Mudaraba Agreement. 
Trustee: 
QIB Sukuk Ltd., as trustee for and on behalf of the 
Certificateholders and, in such capacity, as issuer of the 
Certificates, an exempted company with limited liability 
incorporated on 5 September 2012 in accordance with the laws 
of, and formed and registered in, the Cayman Islands, with 
registered number 271468 with its registered office at the offices 
of MaplesFS Limited, P.O. Box 1093, Queensgate House, Grand 
Cayman KY1-1102, Cayman Islands. 
 
The Trustee has been incorporated solely for the purpose of 
participating in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction 
Documents (as defined below) to which it is a party. 
Trustee's Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
549300XDP1VCBZLCP049 
QIB's Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
254900CFGPXJI71OHT95 
Ownership of the Trustee: 
The authorised share capital of the Trustee is U.S.$50,000 
consisting of 50,000 shares of U.S.$1.00 each, of which 250 
shares are fully paid up and issued. The Trustee's entire issued 
share capital is held by MaplesFS Limited, on trust for charitable 
purposes. 
Administration of the Trustee: 
The affairs of the Trustee are managed by MaplesFS Limited (the 
"Trustee Administrator"), with registered office at P.O. Box 
1093, Queensgate House, Grand Cayman KY1-1102, Cayman 
Islands, who will provide, inter alia, corporate administrative 
services and director services and act as share trustee for and on 
behalf of the Trustee pursuant to the corporate services 
agreement dated 8 November 2021 made between, inter alios, 
the Trustee and the Trustee Administrator (the "Corporate 
Services Agreement"). 
Arrangers: 
HSBC Bank plc, QInvest LLC and Standard Chartered Bank. 
Dealers: 
HSBC Bank plc, QInvest LLC and Standard Chartered Bank and 
any other Dealer appointed from time to time either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche 
of Certificates.

--- Page 14 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 2 - 
75-41049031 
 
Delegate: 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (the "Delegate"). In 
accordance with the Master Declaration of Trust, the Trustee 
will, inter alia, unconditionally and irrevocably appoint the 
Delegate to be its attorney and to exercise certain future duties, 
powers, authorities and discretions vested in the Trustee by 
certain provisions in the Master Declaration of Trust in 
accordance with the terms of the Master Declaration of Trust. In 
addition, pursuant to the Master Declaration of Trust, certain 
powers will be vested solely in the Delegate. 
Principal Paying Agent and 
Calculation Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. 
Principal Registrar and Transfer 
Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
CMU Lodging and Paying Agent 
and CMU Registrar: 
Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch. 
Wakala Portfolio: 
Pursuant to the terms of the Master Wakala Purchase Agreement 
(as supplemented on each Issue Date by a Supplemental 
Purchase Contract), a proportion of the Proceeds in respect of 
each Tranche will be used to purchase the Wakala Assets, which 
will be serviced by QIB as Service Agent pursuant to the terms 
of the Service Agency Agreement and the Wakala Services 
Schedule. 
Restricted Mudaraba: 
In case of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series only and pursuant to the 
terms of the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement, in respect 
of each Tranche, the Trustee (as Rabb-al-Maal) will enter into a 
Restricted Mudaraba Contract with QIB (as Mudarib) pursuant 
to which the remainder of the Proceeds (following deduction of 
the proportion of the Proceeds used to purchase the Wakala 
Assets) of such Tranche will be applied by the Mudarib in 
accordance with the Mudaraba Investment Plan as Mudaraba 
Capital for investment in the Mudaraba Portfolio, which the 
Mudarib will hold and manage in favour of the Rabb-al-Maal. 
Programme Size: 
Up to U.S.$5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate face amount of Certificates outstanding at any one 
time. The amount of the Programme may be increased in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
The Certificates will be issued in Series. Each Series may 
comprise one or more Tranches issued on different Issue Dates. 
The Certificates of each Series will have the same terms and 
conditions (which will be completed in the applicable Final 
Terms) or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects 
save for the amount and date of the first payment of Periodic 
Distribution Amounts thereon and the date from which Periodic 
Distribution Amounts start to accrue. 
Distribution: 
Certificates may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. 
Currencies: 
Certificates may be denominated in any currency agreed between 
the Trustee, QIB and the relevant Dealer(s), subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements.

--- Page 15 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 3 - 
75-41049031 
 
Maturities: 
The Certificates will have such maturities as may be agreed 
between the Trustee, QIB and the relevant Dealer(s), subject to 
such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
Trustee, QIB or the Specified Currency (as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms). 
Issue Price: 
Certificates may be issued at any price on a fully paid basis, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The price and amount of 
Certificates to be issued under the Programme will be determined 
by the Trustee, QIB and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue 
in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Status of the Certificates: 
Each Certificate will represent an undivided ownership interest 
in the Trust Assets of the relevant Series, will be a limited 
recourse obligation of the Trustee and will rank pari passu, 
without preference or priority, with all other Certificates of the 
relevant Series issued under the Programme. 
 
The payment obligations of QIB (in any capacity) to the Trustee 
under the Transaction Documents in respect of each Series of 
Certificates will be direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the negative pledge provisions described in Condition 
5 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of QIB and shall, 
save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable 
legislation and subject to the negative pledge provisions 
described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge), at all times rank at 
least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
monetary obligations of QIB, present and future. 
Periodic Distribution Amounts: 
Certificateholders are entitled to receive Periodic Distribution 
Amounts calculated on the basis specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Fixed Rate Certificates: 
Fixed Rate Certificates will bear profit on their outstanding face 
amount at such fixed rate per annum and on such date or dates as 
may be agreed between the Trustee, QIB and the relevant 
Dealer(s), calculated in accordance with such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Trustee, QIB and the 
relevant Dealer(s), each as more particularly described in 
Condition 8 (Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions). 
Floating Rate Certificates: 
Floating Rate Certificates will bear profit on their outstanding 
face amount at such floating rate per annum determined on the 
basis of the relevant Reference Rate as adjusted for any 
applicable margin. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Trustee, QIB and the relevant Dealer(s) for each 
Series of Floating Rate Certificates. 
 
Such profit will be paid on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Trustee, QIB and the relevant Dealer(s) and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Trustee, QIB and the relevant Dealer(s). 
 
See Condition 9 (Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions).

--- Page 16 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 4 - 
75-41049031 
 
Negative Pledge: 
The Certificates will have the benefit of a negative pledge 
granted by QIB in respect of itself and its Material Subsidiaries, 
as described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross-Default: 
In respect of QIB, the Certificates will have the benefit of a cross-
default provision, as described in Condition 15 (Dissolution 
Events). 
Trust Assets: 
Pursuant to the Master Declaration of Trust, as supplemented by 
a Supplemental Declaration of Trust for each Tranche, the 
Trustee will declare that it will hold, for each Series, certain 
assets (the "Trust Assets"), consisting of: 
 
(a) 
the cash proceeds of the issue of the Certificates, 
pending the application thereof in accordance with the 
terms of the Transaction Documents; 
(b) 
all of the Trustee's rights, title, interest and benefit, 
present and future, in, to and under the relevant Sukuk 
Assets; 
 
(c) 
all of the Trustee's rights, title, interest and benefit, 
present and future, in and to the Transaction Documents 
(excluding: (i) any representations given by QIB to the 
Trustee and the Delegate pursuant to any of the 
Transaction Documents; and (ii) the covenant given to 
the Trustee pursuant to clause 17.1 (Remuneration and 
Indemnification of the Trustee and the Delegate) of the 
Master Declaration of Trust); 
 
(d) 
all monies standing to the credit of the Transaction 
Account (as defined in Condition 6(c) (Trust – 
Operation of Transaction Account)); 
 
(e) 
any other assets, rights, cash or investments as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 
and all proceeds of the foregoing upon trust absolutely for the 
Certificateholders pro rata according to the face amount of 
Certificates held by each holder for the relevant Tranche. 
Dissolution on the Scheduled 
Dissolution Date: 
Unless the Certificates are previously redeemed or purchased 
and cancelled, the Trustee will redeem the Series at the relevant 
Dissolution Amount and the Trust in relation to the relevant 
Series will be dissolved by the Trustee on the relevant Scheduled 
Dissolution Date specified in the applicable Final Terms for such 
Series. 
Dissolution Amount: 
Means, in relation to a particular Series, either: 
 
(a) 
the sum of: 
 
(i) 
the outstanding face amount of such Series; and 
 
(ii) 
any due but unpaid Periodic Distribution 
Amounts for such Series; or 
 
(b) 
the Tangibility Event Redemption Amount (as 
applicable); or

--- Page 17 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 5 - 
75-41049031 
 
(c) 
such other amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being payable upon dissolution of the relevant 
Series. 
Early Dissolution of the Trust: 
The Trust may only be dissolved prior to the Scheduled 
Dissolution Date upon: 
 
(a) 
the occurrence and continuation of a Dissolution Event; 
 
(b) 
the exercise of an Optional Dissolution Right (if the 
Optional Dissolution Right is applicable to the relevant 
Series); 
 
(c) 
the occurrence of a Tax Event (as defined in Condition 
11(b) (Capital Distributions of the Trust – Early 
Dissolution for Tax Reasons)); 
(d) 
the occurrence of a Tangibility Event (as defined in 
Condition 11(d) (Capital Distributions of the Trust –
Redemption at the Option of the Certificateholders 
(Tangibility Event))); 
(e) 
the exercise by QIB of a Clean Up (Call) Right; or 
 
(f) 
all of the Certificates of the relevant Series being 
cancelled upon the exercise of the relevant Redemption 
Undertaking. 
 
In the case of the events described in paragraphs (a) to (e) above, 
the Certificates of a Series will be redeemed pursuant to the 
exercise of the Purchase Undertaking Deed or the Sale 
Undertaking Deed (as applicable) whereupon QIB will purchase 
from the Trustee the relevant Wakala Assets and (in the case of 
a Wakala/Mudaraba Series only) the relevant Restricted 
Mudaraba will be liquidated. The Exercise Price or the 
Tangibility Event Exercise Price (as the case may be) payable 
under the Purchase Undertaking Deed or Sale Undertaking Deed 
(as applicable) together with the proceeds from the liquidation of 
the Restricted Mudaraba (if applicable) and any Wakala 
Portfolio Principal Revenues deposited by the Service Agent in 
the Transaction Account in accordance with the Service Agency 
Agreement will be used to fund the redemption of the 
Certificates at an amount equal to the Dissolution Amount. 
Dissolution Events: 
The Dissolution Events are described in Condition 15 
(Dissolution Events). Following the occurrence of a Dissolution 
Event which is continuing, the Certificates of the relevant Series 
may be redeemed in full at an amount equal to the relevant 
Dissolution Amount on the relevant Dissolution Event 
Redemption Date and the Trust in relation to the relevant Series 
will be dissolved by the Trustee. 
Early Dissolution for Tax 
Reasons: 
Where the Trustee has or will become obliged to pay any 
additional amounts in respect of the Certificates pursuant to 
Condition 12 (Taxation) or QIB has or will become obliged to 
pay any additional amounts in respect of amounts payable under 
the Transaction Documents as a result of a change in the laws of 
a Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in the Conditions) and such 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Trustee or QIB, as 
applicable, taking reasonable measures available to it, the 
Trustee will, following: (a) receipt of a notice (the "Exercise

--- Page 18 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 6 - 
75-41049031 
 
Notice") and payment of the Exercise Price under the relevant 
Sale Undertaking Deed and (in the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba 
Series only) following the liquidation of the relevant Restricted 
Mudaraba in accordance with the provisions of the Master 
Restricted Mudaraba Agreement and the relevant Mudaraba 
Contract; and (b) the deposit into the Transaction Account by the 
Service Agent of any Wakala Portfolio Principal Revenues in 
accordance with clause 6.4 of the Service Agency Agreement, 
redeem the Certificates at an amount equal to the relevant 
Dissolution Amount on the relevant exercise date specified in the 
Exercise Notice. 
Optional Dissolution Right: 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
QIB may, in accordance with Condition 11(c) (Capital 
Distributions of the Trust – Dissolution at the Option of QIB), 
require the Trustee to redeem the Certificates of the relevant 
Series at any time prior to the relevant Scheduled Dissolution 
Date at an amount equal to the relevant Dissolution Amount. 
Optional Redemption (Tangibility 
Event) Right: 
Upon 
the 
occurrence 
of 
a 
Tangibility 
Event, 
the 
Certificateholders may redeem all or part of a Series of 
Certificates in the circumstances set out in Condition 11(d) 
(Capital Distributions of the Trust –Redemption at the Option of 
the Certificateholders (Tangibility Event)). If, pursuant to such 
Condition, all of a Series of Certificates are redeemed, the Trust 
in respect of such Series of Certificates shall be dissolved.  
Clean Up (Call) Right 
If 75 per cent. or more of the aggregate face amount of 
Certificates then outstanding have been redeemed pursuant to 
Condition 11(d) (Capital Distributions of the Trust –Redemption 
at the Option of the Certificateholders (Tangibility Event)), the 
Trustee shall, upon receipt of a duly completed Exercise Notice 
from QIB pursuant to the Sale Undertaking, on giving not less 
than 15 days' nor more than 30 days' notice to the Delegate and 
the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), 
redeem the Certificates in whole, but not in part, at their 
Dissolution Amount on the Clean Up Call Dissolution Date, 
subject to and in accordance with Condition 11(d) (Capital 
Distributions of the Trust –Redemption at the Option of the 
Certificateholders (Tangibility Event)). 
Cancellation of Certificates held 
by QIB and/or any of its 
Subsidiaries: 
Pursuant to Condition 14(b) (Purchase and Cancellation of 
Certificates – Cancellation of Certificates held by QIB and/or 
any of its Subsidiaries), QIB and/or any of its subsidiaries may 
at any time purchase Certificates in the open market or otherwise. 
If QIB wishes to cancel such Certificates purchased by it and/or 
any of its subsidiaries (the "Cancellation Certificates"), QIB 
may, in accordance with the terms of the Redemption 
Undertaking Deed, and following the service of a cancellation 
notice by QIB to the Trustee, require the Trustee, any time prior 
to the relevant Scheduled Dissolution Date, to cancel any 
Cancellation Certificates surrendered to it by QIB and/or any of 
its subsidiaries and to transfer the Wakala Assets specified by 
QIB (in its sole and absolute discretion) in such cancellation 
notice, together with all of the Trustee's rights, title, interests, 
benefits and entitlements in and to such assets, the value of which 
shall be no greater than the Wakala Percentage of the aggregate 
outstanding face amount of the Cancellation Certificates. In 
addition, in the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series only, upon

--- Page 19 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 7 - 
75-41049031 
 
receipt by the Trustee of the cancellation notice, the Mudarib will 
transfer to QIB such Mudaraba Assets as selected by the Mudarib 
in its sole and absolute discretion, provided that the aggregate 
Value of such assets shall be no greater than the Mudaraba 
Percentage of the aggregate face amount of the Cancellation 
Certificates. 
Limited Recourse: 
Each Certificate of a particular Series will represent an undivided 
ownership interest in the Trust Assets for such Series. No 
payment of any amount whatsoever shall be made in respect of 
the Certificates except to the extent that funds for that purpose 
are available from the relevant Trust Assets. 
 
Certificateholders have no recourse to any assets of the Trustee 
(and/or its directors or officers in their capacity as such) (other 
than the relevant Trust Assets) or the Delegate or any Agent or 
any of their respective affiliates in respect of any shortfall in the 
expected amounts from the relevant Trust Assets to the extent the 
relevant Trust Assets have been enforced, realised and fully 
discharged following which all obligations of the Trustee shall 
be extinguished. 
Denomination of Certificates: 
The Certificates will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Trustee, QIB and the relevant Dealer(s) save 
that: (i) the minimum denomination of each Certificate will be 
such amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant listing authority, central bank (or equivalent body) 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the Specified Currency; 
(ii) the minimum denomination of each Certificate admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the EEA or the UK or 
offered to the public in a Relevant State in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, will be at least €100,000 (or, if the Certificates are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency, as calculated on the Issue Date of such 
Tranche); and (iii) unless otherwise permitted by such current 
laws and regulations, Certificates (including Certificates 
denominated in sterling) which have a maturity of less than one 
year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted 
by the Trustee in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA will have 
a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or, if the Certificates are 
denominated in a currency other than sterling, the equivalent 
amount in such currency, as calculated on the Issue Date of such 
Tranche). 
Form and Delivery of the 
Certificates: 
The Certificates will be issued in registered form only. The 
Certificates will be represented on issue by beneficial interests in 
a global Certificate (the "Global Certificate"), which will be (i) 
in the case of a Series intended to be cleared through Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), deposited with, and registered 
in the name of a nominee for, a common depositary (the 
"Common Depositary") for Euroclear and Clearstream or (ii) in 
the case of a Series intended to be cleared through the CMU, 
deposited with a sub-custodian for the CMU and registered in the 
name of the HKMA. Ownership interests in the Global 
Certificate will be shown on, and transfers thereof will only be 
effected through, records maintained by Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the CMU (as applicable), and their respective 
participants. See the section entitled "Form of the Certificates".

--- Page 20 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 8 - 
75-41049031 
 
Certificates in definitive form evidencing holdings of 
Certificates ("Definitive Certificates") will be issued in 
exchange for interests in the relevant Global Certificate only in 
certain limited circumstances. 
Clearance and Settlement: 
Certificateholders must hold their interest in the relevant Global 
Certificate in book-entry form through Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, and/or the CMU. Transfers within and between 
each of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU will 
be in accordance with the usual rules and operating procedures 
of the relevant clearing system. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments by the Trustee in respect of the Certificates shall 
be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, 
imposed or levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the 
Cayman Islands and Qatar (or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax), unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the 
Trustee has agreed to pay such additional amounts as shall result 
in receipt by the Certificateholders of such amounts as would 
have been received by it had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, subject to and in accordance with Condition 12 
(Taxation). If the Trustee is required to pay any additional 
amounts as aforesaid, QIB has undertaken in the Purchase 
Undertaking Deed to pay such additional amounts as may be 
necessary so that the full amount due and payable by the Trustee 
in respect of the Certificates is received by the Trustee for the 
purposes of payment to the Certificateholders in accordance with 
and subject to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation). 
 
In addition, all payments by QIB under the applicable 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party are to be made 
without any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature unless required by law and without 
set-off or counterclaim of any kind. If any deduction or 
withholding is required by law, QIB has undertaken to pay such 
additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Trustee of 
such amounts as would have been received by it under the 
relevant Transaction Document had no such deduction or 
withholding been made. See the section entitled "Taxation – 
Qatar" for a description of certain tax considerations applicable 
in Qatar. 
Listing and Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Certificates 
issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from 
the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List 
and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market. 
 
Certificates may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may 
be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed 
between the Trustee, QIB and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation 
to the Tranche and as will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Certificates which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on 
any market may also be issued.

--- Page 21 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 9 - 
75-41049031 
 
The Certificates will be delisted from the Official List and/or any 
other stock exchanges following the occurrence of a Tangibility 
Event, see Condition 11(d) (Redemption at the Option of the 
Certificateholders (Tangibility Event)). 
Certificateholder Meetings: 
A summary of the provisions for convening meetings of 
Certificateholders to consider matters relating to their interests is 
set out in Condition 19 (Meetings of Certificateholders, 
Modification, Waiver, Authorisation and Determination). 
Tax Considerations: 
See the section entitled "Taxation" for a description of certain tax 
considerations applicable to the Certificates. 
Governing Law: 
The Certificates and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with them shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, English law. 
 
Each of the Master Declaration of Trust, each Supplemental 
Declaration of Trust, the Agency Agreement, the Programme 
Agreement, the Purchase Undertaking Deed, the Sale 
Undertaking Deed, the Redemption Undertaking Deed, the 
Wakala Asset Substitution Undertaking Deed, the Service 
Agency 
Agreement, 
the 
Master 
Restricted 
Mudaraba 
Agreement, each Restricted Mudaraba Contract and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
same will be governed by and construed in accordance with 
English law. 
 
The Master Wakala Purchase Agreement, each Supplemental 
Purchase Contract and any sale agreement which may be entered 
into as a result of the exercise of rights under the Purchase 
Undertaking Deed or the Sale Undertaking Deed will be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of Qatar 
("Qatari law"). 
 
The Corporate Services Agreement is governed by the laws of 
the Cayman Islands. 
Transaction Documents: 
The Transaction Documents are the Service Agency Agreement, 
the Master Wakala Purchase Agreement, each Supplemental 
Purchase Contract, the Master Declaration of Trust, each 
Supplemental Declaration of Trust, the Purchase Undertaking 
Deed, the Sale Undertaking Deed, any sale agreement which may 
be entered into as a result of the exercise of rights under the 
Purchase Undertaking Deed or the Sale Undertaking Deed, the 
Redemption Undertaking Deed, the Wakala Asset Substitution 
Undertaking Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Certificates and, 
in the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series only, the Master 
Restricted Mudaraba Agreement and each Restricted Mudaraba 
Contract. 
Rating: 
The Programme has been rated A- by Fitch. A Series of 
Certificates to be issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Series of Certificates is to be rated, its rating 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms and will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme. 
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 22 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 10 - 
75-41049031 
 
Selling and Transfer Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer, sale or transfer of Certificates in the United States 
of America, the EEA, the UK, Hong Kong, Japan, Malaysia, 
Singapore, the United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai 
International Financial Centre), the Dubai International 
Financial Centre, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the Kingdom of 
Bahrain, the State of Qatar (excluding the Qatar Financial 
Centre), the Qatar Financial Centre, the Cayman Islands and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with the 
offering and sale of the Certificates. See "Subscription and Sale". 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. 
Waiver of Immunity: 
QIB has acknowledged in the Agency Agreement, the Master 
Declaration of Trust, the Purchase Undertaking Deed, the 
Service Agency Agreement, the Master Restricted Mudaraba 
Agreement and the Master Wakala Purchase Agreement that to 
the extent that it may in any jurisdiction claim for itself or its 
assets or revenues immunity from suit, execution, attachment 
(whether in aid of execution, before judgment or otherwise) or 
other legal process and to the extent that such immunity (whether 
or not claimed) may be attributed in any such jurisdiction to QIB 
or its assets or revenues, QIB will not claim and has irrevocably 
and unconditionally waived such immunity to the full extent 
permitted by the laws of such jurisdiction.

--- Page 23 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 11 - 
75-41049031 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Each of the Trustee and QIB believes that the following factors may affect both the Trustee's ability to pay 
amounts owing under a Tranche of Certificates issued under the Programme and QIB's ability to satisfy its 
obligations under the relevant Transaction Documents relating to any such tranche of Certificates. In 
addition, factors which each of the Trustee and QIB believe may be material for the purpose of assessing 
the market risks associated with Certificates issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Each of the Trustee and QIB believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent 
in investing in the Certificates issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Trustee to pay Periodic 
Distribution Amounts, Dissolution Amounts or other amounts on or in connection with any Certificates 
may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Trustee or QIB based on 
information currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. Neither the 
Trustee nor QIB represents that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Certificates are 
exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Although the Trustee and QIB believe that the various structural elements described in this Base Prospectus 
lessen some of these risks for Certificateholders, there can be no assurance that these measures will be 
sufficient to ensure payment to Certificateholders of any Periodic Distribution Amount or the Dissolution 
Amount in respect of the Certificates of any Tranche on a timely basis or at all. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. Words and expressions defined in 
"Form of the Certificates" and "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates" shall have the same meanings in 
this section. 
Risk Factors Relating to the Trustee 
The Trustee was incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands on 5 September 2012 as an exempted 
company with limited liability and has a limited operating history. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the only activity the Trustee has engaged in is the issuance of Certificates under the Programme, the 
acquisition of Trust Assets as described herein, acting in the capacity as Trustee, the issuance of shares in 
its capital and other activities incidental or related to the foregoing as required under the Transaction 
Documents and the Corporate Services Agreement. The Trustee has not engaged in any other business 
activity. Because the Trustee is a Cayman Islands company, it may not be possible for Certificateholders to 
effect service of process on it outside the Cayman Islands. 
The Trustee's only material assets, which will be held on trust for Certificateholders, will be the Trust Assets 
relating to each Series of Certificates issued, including the obligation of QIB to make payments under the 
relevant Transaction Documents relating to each Series. 
The ability of the Trustee to pay amounts due on the Certificates will primarily be dependent upon receipt 
by the Trustee from QIB of all amounts due under the relevant Transaction Documents (which in aggregate 
may not be sufficient to meet all claims under the Certificates and the Transaction Documents). Therefore, 
the Trustee is subject to all the risks to which QIB is subject to the extent that such risks could limit QIB's 
ability to satisfy in full and on a timely basis its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it 
is a party. See "Risk Factors – Risks Factors Relating to QIB and its Business". 
Risk Factors Relating to QIB and its Business 
Risks relating to the ongoing coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic 
The outbreak of communicable diseases on a global scale may affect investment sentiment and result in 
sporadic volatility in global capital markets. The COVID-19 outbreak is currently having an indeterminable 
adverse impact on the world economy. COVID-19 was first identified in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China in 
late 2019. In response to the rapid spread of COVID-19, the Chinese government-imposed travel 
restrictions and quarantines to help limit risk of infection. However, while the spread of COVID-19 has 
slowed in China, it has continued to spread in many countries around the world, leading the World Health 
Organisation to declare the outbreak a global pandemic on 11 March 2020. Many of these affected 
countries, including the United States and countries in Europe, have been significantly impacted and have 
experienced high levels of deaths connected with COVID-19. In response, most affected countries have

--- Page 24 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 12 - 
75-41049031 
 
introduced restrictions on travel and on the freedom of movement of people. These measures, while aimed 
to slow the spread of the virus, have significantly reduced economic activity in many countries around the 
world. Although most countries have been relaxing the travel restrictions, it remains unclear what the 
ultimate impact of the pandemic will be on global and local economies, as well as on the price of oil. The 
economic impact of COVID-19 has already included, and may continue to result in, significant volatility 
in financial markets and reduced global liquidity and investment, and it may lead to lower economic growth 
in the GCC and globally. 
In response to the impact of COVID-19 on their domestic economies, various governments around the 
world, including Qatar (see "Banking Industry and Regulation in Qatar – Response to COVID-19"), have 
announced fiscal stimulus packages and numerous central banks have cut interest rates. Specifically, on 3 
March 2020, the U.S. Federal Reserve cut its target range for the federal funds rate by 0.5 per cent. to 
between 1.00 and 1.25 per cent. and, on 15 March 2020, the range was cut further to between 0 to 0.25 per 
cent. On 16 March 2020, the QCB reduced the overnight deposit interest rate from 1.50 per cent. to 1.0 per 
cent., the overnight lending rate from 3.50 per cent. to 2.50 per cent. and the repo rate from 1.50 per cent. 
to 1.0 per cent. These rates were subsequently increased by the U.S. Federal Reserve and the QCB. These 
and any future changes in these rates or changes in fiscal stimulus packages or QCB measures more 
generally could reduce liquidity and adversely impact QIB's financing costs, if QIB is unable to pass these 
increased costs on to its customers. 
In addition, on 22 March 2020, the QCB issued a circular to banks operating in Qatar requiring such banks 
to agree to postpone the repayment of financing assets instalments and interest due on such instalments for 
a period of six months. This period was extended up to 31 March 2022 and was not subsequently renewed. 
A substantial amount of QIB's business involves providing credit and other financial services to individuals, 
corporates, industries or governments that may be detrimentally impacted by COVID-19 and low oil prices 
(see "With more than 91 per cent. of its assets in Qatar at 31 December 2022, QIB is dependent on the state 
of the Qatari economy which, in turn, is dependent on developments in international oil and gas prices"). 
While these policies mitigated some of the negative impact of COVID-19 on global economy, concerns 
remain as to whether such policy tools available to governments and central banks will cause any longer-
term macro-economic risks and could significantly adversely affect economic growth, affect specific 
industries or countries or affect QIB's employees and business operations. 
All of these factors have the potential to impact QIB's assessment of its expected credit losses and may 
therefore result in significantly increased impairment losses in future periods. The ultimate direct and 
indirect impact of the COVID-19 outbreak remains uncertain, and there can be no assurance that such 
impairment losses will not significantly increase for future periods, which in turn could have an adverse 
effect on QIB's business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
In the event these conditions persist, QIB's business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and 
prospects are likely to be negatively affected. 
With more than 91 per cent. of its assets in Qatar at 31 December 2022, QIB is dependent on the state of 
the Qatari economy which, in turn, is dependent on developments in international oil and gas prices 
QIB's total assets were QAR184,000.6 million as at 31 December 2022 and QAR193,915.9 million as at 
31 December 2021. The economy of Qatar is dependent on oil, gas and related industries, as well as the 
prices and quantities of these commodities. QIB's financial performance has been and will remain closely 
linked to the rate of economic growth of Qatar. Any deterioration in economic conditions in Qatar could 
materially adversely affect many of QIB's borrowers and contractual counterparties. 
Qatar's economy is materially affected by international oil and natural gas prices, which have fluctuated 
widely over the past two decades. Economic conditions in Qatar may deteriorate as a result of deterioration 
in oil, gas or related industries or due to other factors, including the COVID-19 pandemic, which has been 
causing significant uncertainty and viability in the financial markets globally and regionally (see "– Risks 
relating to the ongoing coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic"). Although over the past few years Qatar has 
tried to diversify away from oil and gas, the oil and gas sector contributed an estimated 78.0 per cent. and 
80.7 per cent. to the annual revenues of Qatar in the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021, 
respectively. 
More recently, the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ("OPEC") Reference Basket price 
has been volatile since the outbreak of the COVID-19 virus. In early March 2020, OPEC officials proposed

--- Page 25 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 13 - 
75-41049031 
 
a plan to the members of OPEC and other non-OPEC member countries, including Russia, to cut global 
production by 1.5 per cent. No agreement was reached, ending a three-year partnership between OPEC and 
major non-OPEC oil exporters. This also resulted in 'OPEC plus' failing to extend the agreement of cutting 
2.1 million barrels per day that was set to expire at the end of March 2020. In March 2020, Saudi Arabia 
announced that it would raise oil output and discount its oil in April 2020. Although the OPEC Reference 
Basket price remained depressed throughout the remainder of 2020 averaging U.S.$41.47 for the year ended 
31 December 2020, oil prices increased in 2021 with the OPEC Reference Basket price increasing to 
U.S.$74.37 per barrel as at 31 December 2021 as the success of COVID-19 vaccination programmes 
globally led to increased economic activity. As a result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict and the sanctions 
imposed by the United States, the UK and the European Union, among others, on certain Russian entities, 
persons and sectors, including Russian financial, oil and defence companies, oil prices experienced a sharp 
rise in 2022, with the OPEC Reference Basket price increasing from U.S.$96.41 per barrel as at 25 February 
2022 to U.S.$128.27 per barrel as at 3 March 2022, before it started falling in around June 2022 and the 
weekly OPEC Reference Basket price has been in the range of U.S.$ 77.71 per barrel and U.S.$83.53 per 
barrel between 2 December 2022 and 20 January 2023. There can be no assurance that the prices of oil will 
not fall again or be subject to further volatility. 
In the past, Qatar has been able to partially offset lower hydrocarbon prices by increases in hydrocarbon 
production, but the future rate of growth in Qatar's hydrocarbon production is expected to slow down. Most 
of Qatar's oilfields are mature and oil production has been in decline since 2011. Additionally, the reserves 
at Al Shaheen, one of Qatar's most productive oil fields, were reduced in 2011 after drilling results led to a 
reserves reassessment. Qatar is also approaching the end of a 20-year development cycle for liquefied 
natural gas ("LNG") projects and LNG production is expected to plateau in the near future. In light of these 
developments, Qatar lifted its self-imposed moratorium on developing additional natural gas from the North 
Field in April 2017. 
Thus, any prolonged period of low or further decline of prices of natural gas, crude oil and other 
hydrocarbons may have a significant adverse impact on the economy of Qatar and may also materially 
adversely impact Qatar's revenues and financial condition. Such effects would be likely to materially 
adversely affect QIB by reducing the demand from its Qatari customers for financing and by adversely 
affecting the quality of its outstanding financing, thus potentially increasing its impairment losses and so 
reducing profitability. In addition, any reduction in Qatar's revenues would reduce the likelihood and/or 
extent of Government financial support being available to Qatari banks, including QIB, should such support 
be needed in the future. 
QIB may be affected by instability in the Middle East and Qatar's relationship with the other GCC 
member states 
Qatar is located in a region that is strategically important and parts of this region have, at times, experienced 
political instability. The political instability has included regional wars, such as the Gulf War of 1991, the 
Iraq War of 2003, the 2006 conflict in Lebanon, the 2008 conflict in Gaza, the continuing wars in Yemen 
and in Syria, tensions between and among the United States, Israel, Syria and Iran, terrorist acts, maritime 
piracy and civil revolutions. Since early 2011, there have been occurrences of political unrest ranging from 
public demonstrations to armed conflict in several countries in the MENA region, including Egypt, Algeria, 
Libya, Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Syria, Iraq, Tunisia and Oman. Geopolitical events that may or may 
not directly involve Qatar may have a material adverse effect on Qatar's economy, including an effect on 
Qatar's ability to engage in international trade and destabilising effects on the oil and gas market. 
On 5 June 2017, three GCC member states, namely the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the United Arab 
Emirates, and Bahrain, together with Egypt, moved to cut diplomatic ties, trade, and transport links with 
Qatar (the "Qatar Political Developments"). The measures to do this included a closure of land, sea, and 
air access and withdrawal of ambassadors, residents, and visitors from those countries. Kuwait and Oman, 
the remaining two member states of the GCC, maintained ties with Qatar. Qatar was able to offset the 
reduced liabilities from GCC sources by increased inflows from government and related entities and thus, 
rebalance the funding profile of the Qatari banking system. While the restrictions were lifted in early 2021 
and diplomatic ties have since been reinstated, there can be no assurance that restrictions might again be 
imposed on Qatar in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on QIB and its subsidiaries' 
business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects in the future. 
There can also be no assurance that political instability in the MENA region will not escalate in the future 
and affect hitherto stable countries such as Qatar, that political instability will not spread to additional

--- Page 26 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 14 - 
75-41049031 
 
countries in the MENA region, that further violent activities will not occur or that the governments of the 
MENA region will be successful in maintaining domestic order and stability. 
Any unrest may result in credit becoming more expensive for certain countries in the region or limit Qatar's 
ability to engage in international trade. Although these events have not had a significant impact on the QIB's 
operations to date there can be no assurance that they will not do so in the future. It is not possible to predict 
the occurrence of such events or circumstances or the impact of such occurrences and no assurance can be 
given that QIB would be able to sustain its current performance levels if such events or circumstances were 
to occur. A general economic downturn in Qatar or geopolitical instability in Qatar or the broader regional 
economic downturn could have an adverse effect on the QIB's business, financial condition, results of 
operations, liquidity and prospects. 
QIB's business, earnings and results of operations are also materially affected by conditions in the global 
financial markets and by global economic conditions 
If the level of market disruption and volatility experienced during the last financial crisis, which started in 
late 2007 and reached unprecedented levels in the second half of 2008 and early 2009 and resulted in a 
material reduction in the availability of financing, both for financial institutions and their customers, 
compelling many financial institutions to rely on central banks and governments to provide liquidity and, 
in some cases, additional capital, were to recur, QIB may experience reductions in business activity, 
increased funding costs and funding pressures, lower share prices, decreased asset values, additional credit 
losses, write-downs and impairment charges and lower profitability. 
A recurrence of significant levels of inflation or a return to deflation could each adversely affect QIB 
Qatar has experienced a mix of inflation and deflation (according to the International Monetary Fund (the 
"IMF"), in their Concluding Statement of the 2022 Article IV Consultation with Qatar (the "IMF Report")) 
it had experienced a deflation of 0.7 per cent. and 2.7 per cent. in 2019 and 2020 respectively and an 
inflation of 2.3 per cent. in 2021. The IMF Report stated that "strengthening domestic demand and higher 
energy and food prices are expected to push up inflation to 3.5 per cent. in 2022 before declining over the 
medium term". Although the Government and the Qatar Central Bank ("QCB") intend to continue to take 
measures through its monetary policy to ensure that inflation is stabilised, there can be no guarantee that 
the Government or the QCB will be able to achieve or maintain price stability and control inflation. 
Historically, inflation has increased staff and living expenses and any recurrence of higher levels of inflation 
in the future is likely to increase such expenses further. High inflation could also slow the ratio of economic 
growth and consumer spending in Qatar which would impact on the demand for financing from QIB's 
customers. On the other hand, a return to a deflationary environment in Qatar could also impact QIB's 
profitability by negatively affecting property values, which could have a negative effect on the real estate 
collateral which secures a large proportion of QIB's customer advances. As a result, high rates of inflation 
or deflation could each have a material adverse effect on QIB's business growth and profitability. 
QIB has significant concentrations in its financing assets and investment securities which materially 
increase its exposure to downturns in the areas of concentration 
As at 31 December 2022, QAR112,177.1 million (U.S.$30,817.9 million), or 94.0 per cent., of QIB's 
QAR119,284.6 million (U.S.$32,770.5 million) net financing assets represented Qatari exposures. In 
addition, QAR41,372.5 million (U.S.$11,366.1 million), or 90.4 per cent., of its QAR45,774.2 million 
(U.S.$12,575.3 million) investment securities portfolio represented Qatari exposures. As a result, QIB is 
materially exposed to changes in the Qatari economy, see "With more than 91 per cent. of its assets in Qatar 
at 31 December 2022, QIB is dependent on the state of the Qatari economy which, in turn, is dependent on 
developments in international oil and gas prices". 
In currency terms, more than 95.0 per cent. of QIB's assets at 31 December 2022 were denominated in 
Qatari riyal or U.S. dollars. As a result, any volatility in the value of these currencies could have a material 
adverse effect on QIB's business and results of operations, see "QIB's business could be adversely affected 
if the Qatari riyal/U.S. dollar peg were to be removed or adjusted". 
QIB's gross financing assets as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 were QAR142,561.9 million 
(U.S.$39,165.4 million) and QAR140,912.5 million (U.S.$38,712.2 million), respectively, of which the 
proportion of financing assets to customers operating in the real estate sector amounted to 26.3 per cent.,

--- Page 27 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 15 - 
75-41049031 
 
or QAR37,517.7 million (U.S.$10,307.0 million), and 21.2 per cent., or QAR29,846.2 million 
(U.S.$8,199.5 million), respectively. As a result, QIB is exposed to declining property values in Qatar 
which would not only adversely affect the value of collateral supporting a significant proportion of its 
residential and commercial real estate financing assets but could also adversely affect the ability of its real 
estate and construction clients to repay their financing assets, thereby giving rise to an increase in 
impairment losses. 
QIB also has individual customer concentrations, with its 20 largest financing exposures accounting for 
39.9 per cent. and 47.1 per cent. of its financing assets portfolio as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 
2021, respectively. Accordingly, any decline in the credit quality of any of these significant exposures could 
materially adversely affect QIB. 
QIB's public sector exposure was approximately 7.5 per cent. and 16.3 per cent. of its total gross financing 
assets as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, respectively. The most significant public sector 
exposure is to a ministry of the Government, which has largely accounted for the decrease in QIB's overall 
public sector exposure. 
QIB has experienced significant growth in its financing assets portfolio in past years which exposes it to 
additional risk to the extent that its risk management policies prove insufficiently robust to maintain its 
credit quality levels 
Risks arising from adverse changes in the credit quality and recoverability of QIB's financing portfolio, 
securities and amounts due from counterparties are inherent in a wide range of its businesses. QIB's net 
financing assets portfolio has grown significantly since 2008, from a level of QAR11,679 million 
(U.S.$3,209 million) as at 31 December 2007 to QAR119,284.6 million (U.S.$32,770.5 million) as at 31 
December 2022, representing a compound annual growth rate ("CAGR") of 16.8 per cent. This growth has 
increased QIB's funding requirements, see "QIB is subject to the risk that liquidity may not always be 
readily available". 
In March 2011, the QCB launched the Central Credit Bureau, the purpose of which is to collate information 
about customers based in Qatar and their credit history. However, the availability of accurate and 
comprehensive financial and general credit information on individuals and small businesses in Qatar is 
limited, it is likely to be more difficult for QIB to accurately assess the credit risk associated with such 
financing assets. As a result, retail and small business customers may be overextended by virtue of other 
credit obligations of which QIB is unaware. QIB is therefore exposed to retail and small business credit 
risks that it may not be able to accurately assess and provide for. These factors may result in QIB facing 
credit delinquencies in its financing assets portfolio. Although QIB has policies to deal with problem 
financings, there can be no assurance that these policies will result in full or partial recovery of all amounts 
due. 
If QIB is unable to maintain the quality of its assets through effective risk management policies, this could 
lead to higher impairment losses and result in higher levels of defaults and write-offs, which in turn could 
have a material adverse effect on QIB's financial condition or results of operations. 
QIB is subject to the risk that liquidity may not always be readily available 
Liquidity risk is the risk that QIB will be unable to meet its obligations, including funding commitments, 
as they fall due. This risk is inherent in banking operations and can be heightened by a number of enterprise 
specific factors, including over-reliance on a particular source of funding (including, for example, short-
term and overnight funding), changes in credit ratings or market-wide phenomena such as market 
dislocation and major disasters. Credit markets worldwide experienced a severe reduction in liquidity and 
term-funding during the global financial crisis, particularly towards the end of 2008 and into 2009. Since 
then, the availability of liquidity has continued to fluctuate including, as a result of COVID-19 and more 
recently, as a result of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine. 
Perception of counterparty risk between banks has also increased significantly during the global financial 
crisis and in the prevailing unstable macroeconomic climate, which led to reductions of certain traditional 
sources of liquidity, such as the debt markets, asset sales and redemption of investments. QIB's access to 
these traditional sources of liquidity may be restricted or available only at a higher cost and there can be no 
assurance that the Government will continue to provide the levels of support that it has provided to date, 
either to the Qatari banking sector generally or to QIB in particular.

--- Page 28 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 16 - 
75-41049031 
 
In addition, uncertainty or volatility in the capital and credit markets may limit QIB's ability to refinance 
maturing liabilities with long-term funding and increase the cost of such funding. The availability to QIB 
of any additional financing it may need will depend on a variety of factors, such as market conditions, the 
availability of credit generally and to borrowers in the financial services industry specifically, and QIB's 
financial condition, credit ratings and credit capacity. 
QIB has historically relied substantially on corporate and retail depositors to meet most of its funding needs. 
Such deposits are subject to fluctuation due to certain factors outside QIB's control, such as any possible 
loss of confidence and competitive pressures, which could result in a significant outflow of deposits within 
a short period of time. As at 31 December 2022, approximately 86 per cent. of QIB's funding (which 
includes amounts due to banks and customers current accounts and equity of unrestricted investment 
account holders) had remaining maturities of one year or less or were payable on demand. Moreover, QIB 
is reliant on certain large deposits from a limited group of Government-related and private sector corporate 
customers. As at 31 December 2022, QIB's top 20 depositors accounted for 34.3 per cent. of its total 
customers’ current accounts and equity of unrestricted investment account holders. If any of these 
significant depositors, or a substantial portion of QIB's other depositors, withdraw their demand deposits 
or do not roll over their time deposits at maturity, QIB may need to seek other sources of funding to meet 
its funding requirements, and there can be no assurance that QIB will be able to obtain additional funding 
on comparable terms as and when required, or at all. If QIB is unable to refinance or replace such deposits 
with alternative sources of funding or meet its liquidity needs, through deposits, the interbank markets or 
international capital markets, this would have a materially adverse effect on QIB's business, financial 
condition and results of operations or prospects. 
QIB has generally been a net borrower in the interbank market since 2015 and it has had to procure funding 
from the interbank market to manage its liquidity requirements. There may therefore be times when it will 
need to continue to procure such funding in the future. This makes QIB vulnerable to periods of liquidity 
constraint in the money markets. 
QIB may be subject to increased capital requirements or standards due to new governmental or 
regulatory requirements and changes in perceived levels of adequate capitalisation and may also need 
additional capital in the future due to worsening economic conditions 
Reflecting the global financial market turbulence since the last quarter of 2008, including the reduced 
liquidity levels and the increasing financing losses and asset quality impairment which many financial 
institutions have experienced, a number of regulators around the world have increased the capital 
requirements for banks operating in their jurisdictions. 
QIB is currently required to maintain a total minimum capital adequacy ratio of 10 per cent., a capital 
conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent., an additional charge of 0.5 per cent. as a Domestic Systemically 
Important Bank ("DSIB") and the International Capital Adequacy Assessment Process ("ICAAP Pillar 
II") capital charge of 1.63 per cent. under the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision's ("Basel 
Committee") capital adequacy and liquidity requirements ("Basel III"). 
As at 31 December 2022, the QIB's tier 1 capital adequacy ratio including capital conservation buffer and 
QIB's total capital adequacy ratio including capital conservation buffer, domestic systematic important bank 
buffer (DSIB) and ICAAP Pillar II capital charge (each as determined in accordance with Basel III 
requirements as adopted by the QCB) were 18.7 per cent. and 19.9 per cent. respectively, above the QCB 
requirement to maintain a minimum tier 1 capital adequacy ratio of 10.5 per cent. and minimum total capital 
ratio of 14.63 per cent. 
A requirement to increase capital requirements may arise due to growth in QIB's assets, a regulatory 
requirement to address inadequate capitalisation levels and/or perceptions of the agencies rating QIB's debt. 
QIB may also require additional capital in the future in the event that it experiences higher-than-expected 
increases in losses in QIB operations or declines in asset quality resulting in higher-than-expected risk-
weighted asset growth. 
It therefore cannot be ruled out that QIB may need to obtain additional capital in the future. Such capital, 
whether in the form of debt financing or additional equity, may not be available on commercially favourable 
terms, or at all. Moreover, any such development may expose QIB to additional costs and liabilities 
requiring it to change how it conducts its business, including by reducing the risk and leverage of certain 
activities, or otherwise have an adverse effect on its business, the products and services it offers and the

--- Page 29 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 17 - 
75-41049031 
 
value of its assets. If QIB is unable to increase its capital adequacy ratios sufficiently, its credit ratings may 
be lowered and its cost of funding may increase. QIB may become subject to mandatory guidelines and 
direct monitoring by the QCB should it fail to strengthen its capital position. 
QIB is a highly regulated entity and changes to applicable laws or regulations, the interpretation or 
enforcement of such laws or regulations or the failure to comply with such laws or regulations could 
have a material adverse effect on QIB 
QIB is subject to a number of prudential and regulatory controls designed to maintain the safety and 
soundness of banks, ensure their compliance with economic and other objectives and limit their exposure 
to risk. These controls include Qatari laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies (particularly 
those of the QCB, the Qatar Financial Markets Authority ("QFMA") and the Qatar Stock Exchange (the 
"QSE")), as well as the laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies of the other countries in which 
QIB operates. Relevant regulatory authorities may impose penalties and fines for any non-compliance with 
such controls. For a summary of the major regulations to which QIB is subject in Qatar, see "Banking 
Industry and Regulation in Qatar". 
These regulations may limit QIB's ability to increase its financing portfolio or raise capital. Changes in 
supervision and regulations may also increase QIB's cost of doing business. Furthermore, non-compliance 
with regulatory guidelines could expose QIB to potential liabilities and may result in the QCB imposing 
financial penalties on QIB. Increased regulations, changes in laws and regulations (such as pursuant to 
Basel III) and the manner in which they are interpreted or enforced may limit the products or services 
offered by QIB and have a material adverse effect on QIB's business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
In the first quarter of 2022, the QCB introduced updates to the regulatory ratios, including loans to deposits 
ratio ("LDR"), liquidity coverage ratios ("LCR"), and net stable funding ratio ("NSFR") compliance of 
which was required by the end of March 2022, August 2022 and February 2023 respectively. The updates 
include changes to the computation methodology and introduction of ratios. If QIB does not comply with 
the regulatory ratios set by the QCB, then the QCB may impose financial penalties on QIB. 
Additionally, the Government announced in 2008 its intention to establish a single financial regulator in 
Qatar, which would regulate the banking, insurance and securities sectors. Although these plans have been 
postponed by the Government for the foreseeable future, the QCB, the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory 
Authority (the "QFCRA") and the QFMA welcomed the enactment of the QCB Law (Law No. 13 of 2013), 
which was enacted by H.H. The Emir on 2 December 2012. The QCB Law is seen as a key step in advancing 
the framework for financial regulation and supervision in Qatar and expanding the ambit of regulation and 
supervision to cover areas requiring new and enhanced financial regulation within the State. It also lays the 
foundation for increased co-operation between the regulatory and supervisory bodies in Qatar as they 
develop and apply regulatory and supervisory policy and implement international standards and best 
practices to deliver the objectives of the Qatar National Vision 2030. Although, at present, the Second Qatar 
National Development Strategy 2018-2022 focuses on increased coordination between regulators rather 
than the establishment of a single regulator, this may change the way that current regulations are 
implemented or enforced. The three financial regulators in Qatar, namely QCB, QFCRA and QFMA have 
devised strategic plans (First Strategic Plan 2013-2016 and Second Strategic Plan 2017-2022 (the 
"Strategic Plans")) with the aim of ensuring a sound and resilient financial sector for sustainable economic 
growth. One of the goals of the three financial regulators under the Strategic Plans is to enhance financial 
sector regulation and promote regulatory cooperation which will be reinforced by close cooperation 
amongst the financial regulators as well as continuous interaction with the relevant government entities and 
ministries, as and when required. However, the QCB may not consult with industry participants prior to the 
introduction of new regulations, and it is not always possible for QIB to anticipate when a new regulation 
will be introduced. This creates a risk that QIB's profitability may be adversely affected as a result of being 
unable to adequately prepare for regulatory changes introduced by the QCB. Furthermore, non-compliance 
by QIB with regulatory guidelines implemented from time to time by the QCB could expose QIB to 
potential liabilities and fines. 
Any failure by QIB to comply with applicable anti-money laundering, counter-terrorism, financing, 
sanctions and other regulations could result in significant penalties and other adverse effects 
QIB is required to comply with applicable anti-money laundering, counter-terrorism and financing laws 
and regulations, sanctions and other law and regulations in Qatar and other jurisdictions where it has

--- Page 30 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 18 - 
75-41049031 
 
operations, including those related to countries subject to sanctions by the United States Office of Foreign 
Assets Control, similar regulations of the European Union and other jurisdictions and anti-corruption 
legislation in various countries around the world. In Qatar, QIB must comply with the Anti-Money 
Laundering Law No. 20 of 2019, Cabinet Resolution No. 41 of 2019 issuing the Executive Regulations in 
respect of the Anti Money Laundering Law No. 20 of 2019, and the QCB Instructions for Financial 
Institutions on Anti-Money Laundering and Combating Financing Terrorism, amongst others. These laws 
and regulations require QIB, among other things, to adopt and enforce KYC/AML policies and procedures 
and to report suspicious and large transactions to the applicable regulatory authorities. QIB has adopted 
KYC/AML policies and procedures and reviews them regularly in light of any relevant regulatory and 
market developments. The terms of legislation and other rules and regulations which establish sanctions 
regimes are often broad in scope and difficult to interpret. The terms of legislation and other rules and 
regulations which establish sanctions regimes are often broad in scope and difficult to interpret. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, QIB believes that is not in violation of any existing European, U.S. or other 
sanctions regimes. Should QIB or its associates in the future violate any such sanctions regimes, penalties 
could include a prohibition or limitation on QIB's ability to conduct business in certain jurisdictions or on 
its ability to access the U.S. or international capital markets. Any such penalty could have a material adverse 
effect on QIB's business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and prospects. Moreover, to 
the extent QIB fails or is perceived to fail to fully comply with applicable sanctions regimes, the regulatory 
agencies to whom QIB reports have the power and authority to impose substantial fines and other penalties 
on QIB. In addition, QIB's business and reputation could suffer if customers use QIB for money laundering 
or illegal or improper purposes. Qatar is classified by the Financial Action Task Force as a Compliant 
Jurisdiction. 
QIB may not be able to manage its expansion strategy effectively, which could impact its profitability 
QIB cannot assure prospective investors that it will be able to manage its planned growth effectively. 
Challenges that may result from strategic investments or acquisitions include QIB's ability to: 
• 
finance strategic investments or acquisitions; 
• 
fully integrate strategic investments, or newly established entities, in line with its strategy; 
• 
assess the value, strengths and weaknesses of investment or acquisition candidates; 
• 
align its current information technology systems adequately with those of an expanded 
organisation; 
• 
manage efficiently the operations and employees of expanding businesses; 
• 
manage a growing number of entities without over-committing management or losing key 
personnel; and 
• 
apply its risk management policies effectively to an enlarged organisation. 
In addition, in order to carry out and expand its businesses, it is necessary for QIB to maintain or obtain a 
variety of licences, permits, approvals and consents from various regulatory, legal, administrative, tax and 
other governmental authorities and agencies. The processes for obtaining these licences, permits approvals 
and consents are often lengthy, complex, unpredictable and costly. If QIB is unable to maintain or obtain 
the relevant licences, permits, approvals and consents, its ability to achieve its strategic objectives could be 
impaired. 
QIB cannot ensure that it will be able to adequately address all these concerns and failure to address any of 
them could prevent QIB from achieving its strategic objectives and expansion targets, and could also have 
a material adverse effect on QIB's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
QIB's financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected by a range of market risks 
QIB's financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected by any or all of a range of market 
risks that are largely outside its control, including changes in international interest rates and movements in 
the prices of securities.

--- Page 31 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 19 - 
75-41049031 
 
Fluctuations in international interest rates could adversely affect QIB's operations and financial condition 
in a number of different ways. An increase in such rates generally may decrease the value of QIB's fixed 
rate financing arrangements and raise QIB's funding costs. Such an increase could also generally decrease 
the value of the fixed rate instruments in QIB's debt-type investment portfolio. A decrease in such rates 
generally could adversely affect the profit rate margins that QIB is able to achieve and thus adversely affect 
its profitability. Volatility in interest rates may also result in a repricing gap between QIB's profit rate 
sensitive assets and liabilities. As a result, QIB may incur additional costs. 
Interest rates are sensitive to many factors beyond QIB's control, including the policies of central banks, 
such as the QCB and the U.S. Federal Reserve Group, political factors and domestic and international 
economic conditions. Due to current fixed-rate pegging of the Qatari riyal to the U.S. dollar, changes in 
interest rates in the United States prompt changes in interest rates in Qatar and other GCC countries that 
also peg their currencies to the U.S. dollar. Changes in interest rates in Qatar do not automatically mirror 
changes in U.S. interest rates, but there tends to be a follow-on effect. Furthermore, there is market risk 
relating to the possible de-pegging of various GCC currencies from the U.S. dollar, although it would 
depend on the level of open positions and exposure to the U.S. dollar of QIB, its subsidiaries and its 
associates. QIB's operations could be negatively impacted if Qatar should de-peg its currency. Ultimately, 
there can be no assurance that QIB will be able to protect itself from any adverse effects of a currency 
revaluation or future interest rate fluctuations or any de-pegging from the U.S. dollar, all of which could 
have a material adverse effect on QIB's financial condition and results of operations. 
QIB's financial condition and operating results may also be affected by changes in the market value of the 
equity-type securities in its investment portfolio. QIB's income from these securities depends on numerous 
factors beyond its control, such as overall market trading activity, interest rate levels, fluctuations in 
currency exchange rates and general market volatility. As at 31 December 2022, QIB's investment securities 
portfolio amounted to QAR45,774.2 million (U.S.$12,575.3 million), of which debt-type investments 
accounted for 91.3 per cent., or QAR41,789.6 million (U.S.$11,480.7 million). Of the QAR3,984.6 million 
(U.S.$1,094.7 million) of equity-type instruments in the investment securities portfolio, 56.5 per cent., or 
QAR2,252.2 million (U.S.$618.7 million), were unquoted securities some of which were fair valued on the 
basis of management estimates which were not based on observable market data. The value ultimately 
realised by QIB from these investments may be materially different from their current estimated fair value 
and could result in QIB recognising valuation or impairment losses. 
Although QIB has risk management processes that review and monitor the market risk aspects of 
investment proposals and investment portfolios in accordance with QCB requirements and guidelines, 
including overall structure and investment limits, market price fluctuations may still adversely affect the 
value of QIB's securities portfolio. See "Risk Management – Market Risk". 
Increasing competition may have a material adverse effect on QIB's results of operations 
QIB faces high levels of competition for all of its products and services. QIB principally competes with 
other Islamic banks but also competes with conventional banks in Qatar to the extent that certain of QIB's 
customers are not sensitive as to whether their banking arrangements are Islamic or conventional in nature. 
International banks are also increasing their presence in Qatar, either directly or through strategic 
investments, and compete with QIB for its corporate and Government-related clients. In addition, QIB 
believes that the Qatari banking sector faces increased pressure for consolidation and that it is possible that 
any significant acquisition, merger or consolidation in the Qatari banking sector that does not involve QIB 
could materially increase the competition faced by QIB. According to the QCB, as at 31 December 2022, 
there were a total of 16 banks, including four Islamic banks (of which QIB is one), registered in Qatar 
(including branches of seven foreign banks). In addition to the existing retail banks in Qatar, more 
international banks have commenced business through the Qatar Financial Centre (the "QFC"), which 
allows them to compete for large corporate and Government business (see "Banking Industry and 
Regulation – Qatar Financial Centre"). The competitive nature of the Qatari banking market and any failure 
by QIB to continue to compete successfully would adversely impact its business, financial condition, results 
of operations, liquidity and prospects. 
QIB's compliance systems might not be fully effective 
QIB's ability to comply with all applicable legal restrictions and QCB regulations is largely dependent on 
its maintenance of compliance, audit and reporting systems and procedures, and its ability to attract and 
retain personnel qualified to manage and monitor such systems and procedures. QIB cannot ensure that

--- Page 32 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 20 - 
75-41049031 
 
these systems and procedures will be fully effective in all circumstances. QIB is subject to extensive 
oversight by regulatory authorities, including regular examination activity. In addition, QIB performs 
regular internal audits. In the case of actual or alleged non-compliance with regulations, QIB could be 
subject to investigations and judicial or administrative proceedings that may result in substantial penalties 
or civil lawsuits for damages. Any of these could have a material adverse effect on QIB's business, results 
of operations and financial condition. Notwithstanding the foregoing, QIB believes that its risk management 
and internal control policies and procedures are sufficient to ensure that the Trustee complies with its 
obligations as a company with securities admitted to the Official List. 
QIB's risk management policies and procedures may leave it exposed to unidentified or unanticipated 
risks 
In the course of its business activities, QIB is exposed to a variety of risks, the most significant of which 
are credit risk (for example, please see "QIB has experienced significant growth in its financing assets 
portfolio in past years which exposes it to additional risk to the extent that its risk management policies 
prove insufficiently robust to maintain its credit quality levels"), market risk (for example, please see "QIB's 
financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected by a range of market risks"), liquidity 
risk (for example, please see "QIB is subject to the risk that liquidity may not always be readily available") 
and legal and regulatory risks (for example, please see "QIB may be subject to increased capital 
requirements or standards due to new governmental or regulatory requirements and changes in perceived 
levels of adequate capitalisation and may also need additional capital in the future due to worsening 
economic conditions"). QIB has implemented policies, systems and processes to control and mitigate these 
risks and expects to continue to develop these policies, systems and processes in the future. Nonetheless, 
its risk management techniques may not be fully effective in mitigating its exposure in all market 
environments or against all types of risk, including risks that are unidentified or unanticipated. Some of 
QIB's methods of managing risk are based upon its use of historical market behaviour. These methods may 
not predict future risk exposures, which could be significantly greater than historical measures indicate. 
There can be no assurance that QIB's risk management and internal control policies and procedures will 
adequately control, or protect QIB against, all credit and other risks. In addition, certain risks could be 
greater than QIB's empirical data would otherwise indicate. QIB also cannot guarantee that all of its staff 
will adhere to its policies and procedures. 
QIB has also devoted substantial resources to developing its operational risk management policies and 
procedures, and expects to continue to do so in the future. Nonetheless, QIB is susceptible to, among other 
things, failure of internal processes or systems, unauthorised transactions by employees and operational 
errors, including clerical or record keeping errors, errors resulting from faulty computer or 
telecommunications systems, and fraud by employees or outsiders. See "QIB is subject to risks relating to 
its information technology systems". QIB's risk management and internal control capabilities are also 
limited by the information, tools and technologies available to it. Any material deficiency in QIB's risk 
management or other internal control policies or procedures may expose it to significant credit, liquidity, 
market or operational risk, which may in turn have a material adverse effect on its business, results of 
operations and financial condition. Notwithstanding the foregoing, QIB believes that its risk management 
and internal control policies and procedures are sufficient to ensure compliance with the requirements of 
the Transparency Rules made by the Central Bank of Ireland pursuant to section 22 of the Irish Investment 
Funds, Companies and Miscellaneous Provisions Act 2006 applicable to QIB as a listed entity. 
QIB is subject to risks relating to its information technology systems, including cyber risk 
QIB depends on its information technology systems to process a large number of transactions on an accurate 
and timely basis, and to store and process substantially all of its business and operating data. The proper 
functioning of QIB's financial control, risk management, credit analysis and reporting, accounting, 
customer service and other information technology systems, as well as the communication networks 
between its branches and main data processing centres, are critical to QIB's business and ability to compete 
effectively. QIB's business activities would be materially disrupted if there is a partial or complete failure 
of any of the information technology systems or communications networks. Such failures can be caused by 
a variety of factors, including natural disasters, extended power outages and computer viruses. The proper 
functioning of QIB's information technology systems also depends on accurate and reliable data and other 
system input, which are subject to human errors. Any failure or delay in recording or processing QIB's 
transaction data or any breach of information security could subject it to claims for losses and regulatory 
fines and penalties. QIB has implemented and tested detailed business continuity plans and processes and 
is currently in the process of improving its disaster recovery procedures, but there can be no assurance that

--- Page 33 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 21 - 
75-41049031 
 
these safeguards will be fully effective and any failure could have a material adverse effect on QIB's 
business and results of operations. 
QIB's focus in 2018 was to develop its digital banking strategy and start the implementation of specific 
initiatives to drive operational efficiencies and enhance client experiences. As a part of the bank's efforts to 
further modernise its information technology in order to drive its vision to be a strong digital bank, QIB 
successfully strengthened its omni-channel initiatives by substantially enhancing its mobile banking 
platform and also launching a new feature-rich call centre system. 
Any incorrect system setup and functionality issues could have an adverse impact on customer service 
levels and quality. They could also have a negative impact on QIB's reputation and service delivery and 
create a negative image of QIB in the banking sector. 
In common with other financial institutions based in the GCC and elsewhere in the world, the threat to the 
security of QIB's information and customer data from cyber-attacks is real and continues to grow at pace. 
Activists, rogue states and cyber criminals are among those targeting computer systems around the world. 
Risks to technology and cyber security change rapidly and require continued focus and investment. Given 
the increasing sophistication and scope of potential cyber-attacks, it is possible that future attacks may lead 
to significant breaches of security. Failure to adequately manage cyber security risk and continually review 
and update current processes in response to new threats could disrupt QIB's business, result in the disclosure 
of confidential information, create significant financial and/or legal exposure and damage QIB's reputation 
and/or brands, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects and on its ability to perform its obligations in respect of Certificates issued under 
the Programme. 
QIB may not receive future support from the Government or it may not receive future support that is 
commensurate with the support that it has received in the past 
In light of the global economic crisis in 2008 and its impact on the Qatari banking sector, the Government 
has taken a number of steps to support domestic banks. For example, starting in early 2009, the Qatar 
Investment Authority (the "QIA") began making direct capital injections into Qatar's commercial banking 
sector and between 2009 and 2011 purchased equity ownership interests of up to 20 per cent. in all domestic 
banks listed on the QSE other than Qatar National Bank (Q.P.S.C) In addition, on 9 March 2009, the QIA 
began to purchase the investment portfolios of seven of the nine domestic banks (including QIB) listed on 
the QSE. These purchases were completed on 22 March 2009 at a total purchase price of approximately 
QAR6,500 million (U.S.$1,786 million). In early June 2009, the QIA made a second round of investments 
and bought the real estate portfolios and investments of nine domestic commercial banks (including QIB) 
at a sale price equivalent to the net book value of such portfolios and investments with a total ceiling amount 
of QAR15,000 million (U.S.$4,121 million). The total support by the QIA to the banking sector, which 
includes equity injections, purchases of real estate and investment portfolios in domestic banks, has been 
QAR32,700 million (U.S.$8,984 million). 
Although the Government supported the domestic banking industry during the global financial crisis, there 
can be no assurance that the Government will provide any additional support to QIB and the domestic 
banking industry if another major economic disruption were to occur in the future. The Government is 
currently under no legal obligation to provide any such support. 
QIB is operating within a Shari'a environment, which may impact its profitability and competitiveness 
due to a lack of Islamic financing products 
As an Islamic bank, the range of products and services that QIB can offer is limited compared to those 
offered by conventional banks. This factor may limit its ability to compete effectively with conventional 
banks for the business of customers who are not sensitive as to whether or not their banking arrangements 
are structured in a Shari'a-compliant manner. 
As with some conventional financial products, the structure of Islamic financial products can include the 
financial institution offering the products by acquiring legal title to physical assets including, for example, 
real estate, aircraft or ships. Whilst the risks associated with ownership of these products can be mitigated 
through contractual arrangements and the purchase of Islamic insurance (takaful), if QIB is found to have 
financial liability arising from the ownership of assets as part of its financing activities, this could have a 
material adverse effect on QIB's business and results of operations.

--- Page 34 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 22 - 
75-41049031 
 
QIB's financial statements are prepared in accordance with FAS issued by AAOIFI as modified by QCB 
and, for matters not covered by those standards, IFRS and significant discretion is required to be 
exercised by management in the preparation of QIB's financial statements 
The 2022 Financial Statements and the 2021 Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with 
FAS issued by AAOIFI, as modified by the QCB, and, for matters not covered by those standards, IFRS. 
In preparing its financial statements, QIB also takes into account Shari'a rules and principles as determined 
by its Shari'a Supervisory Board and applicable regulations of the QCB and Qatari Commercial Companies 
Law (Qatar Law No. 11/2015). As a result, there may be significant differences between QIB's financial 
statements as currently prepared and its financial statements if they had been prepared solely in accordance 
with IFRS and applicable Qatari law and regulation. For a discussion of certain differences between 
AAOIFI standards and IFRS, see "Summary of Significant Differences between the Financial Accounting 
Standards issued by AAOIFI and International Financial Reporting Standards". 
Both AAOIFI standards and IFRS change from time to time and these changes may have a material effect 
on how QIB reports its results of operations and financial position. 
In accordance with applicable accounting standards, QIB's management is required to make a number of 
significant accounting estimates, assumptions and judgments in preparing QIB's financial statements. Many 
of these estimates, assumptions and judgments relate to determinations as to whether or not financing 
advances and financial assets should be impaired. In part, the judgments are based on observable market 
data and QIB's historical experience of losses in relation to assets of the type concerned. In other cases, 
significantly greater levels of judgment are required. QIB's management also uses significant discretion in 
determining the fair value of financial instruments, particularly in cases where there is no observable market 
data on which to base the determination, and in determining the useful lives of fixed assets, which in turn 
affects the annual depreciation charges on those assets. QIB has established detailed policies and control 
procedures that are intended to ensure that these significant accounting estimates, assumptions and 
judgments are well controlled and applied consistently. In addition, the policies and procedures are intended 
to ensure that the process for changing methodologies occurs in an appropriate manner. Because of the 
uncertainty surrounding QIB's estimates, assumptions and judgments, QIB cannot guarantee that it will not 
be required to make changes in accounting estimates or restate prior period financial statements in the 
future. 
QIB may not be able to recruit and retain qualified and experienced personnel, which could have an 
adverse effect on its business and its ability to implement its growth strategy, and any loss of key 
personnel may adversely affect QIB's ability to implement its strategies 
QIB's success and ability to maintain current business levels and sustain growth will depend, in part, on its 
ability to continue to recruit and retain qualified and experienced banking and management personnel. QIB 
could face challenges in recruiting qualified personnel to manage its businesses. In addition, if QIB 
continues to grow, it will need to continue to increase its number of employees. Further, QIB is guided in 
its human resources decisions by the Government's recommended policy that 20.0 per cent. of QIB's total 
personnel should consist of Qatari nationals. Although QIB believes that it has effective recruitment, 
training and incentive programmes in place, and QIB's Qatarisation level is well above 20 per cent., QIB's 
failure to recruit, train and retain necessary personnel, or the shortage of qualified Qatari or other nationals 
prepared to relocate to Qatar, could have a material adverse effect on QIB's business and results of 
operations. 
QIB's future success and growth depends to a substantial degree on its ability to retain and motivate senior 
management and other key personnel. QIB depends especially on the efforts, skill, reputation and 
experience of its key senior management personnel, as well as synergies among their diverse fields of 
expertise and knowledge. The loss of key personnel could delay or prevent QIB from implementing its 
strategies. In addition, QIB is not insured against losses that may be incurred in the event of the loss or 
dismissal of its key personnel. 
QIB could be adversely affected by the soundness or the perceived soundness of other financial 
institutions and counterparties, which could result in significant systemic liquidity problems, losses or 
defaults 
Against the backdrop of constraints on liquidity and the high cost of funds in the interbank lending market, 
and given the high level of interdependence between financial institutions, QIB, like other financial

--- Page 35 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 23 - 
75-41049031 
 
institutions, is subject to the risk of deterioration of the commercial and financial soundness, or perceived 
soundness, of other financial institutions. Within the financial services industry, the default of any 
institution could lead to defaults by other institutions. Concerns about, or a default by, one institution could 
lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other institutions, because the commercial and 
financial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as a result of their credit, trading, 
clearing or other relationships. Even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or questions about, a 
counterparty may lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by QIB or other institutions. 
This risk is sometimes referred to as "systemic risk" and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such 
as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges with whom QIB interacts on a 
daily basis. Systemic risk could have a material adverse effect on QIB's ability to raise new funding and on 
its business and results of operations. 
QIB has significant credit-related contingent items and commitments that may lead to potential losses 
As part of its normal banking business, QIB issues financing commitments, guarantees, letters of credit and 
other financial facilities, all of which are accounted for on an off-balance sheet basis until such time as they 
are actually funded or cancelled. Although these commitments are contingent, they nonetheless subject QIB 
to related credit and liquidity risks. Credit-related commitments are subject to the same credit approval 
terms and compliance procedures as customer financing activities, and commitments to extend credit are 
contingent on customers maintaining required credit standards. Although QIB anticipates that only a portion 
of its obligations in respect of these commitments will be triggered, QIB may be obliged to make payments 
in respect of a greater portion of such commitments than anticipated, which could have a material adverse 
effect on QIB's funding needs and credit risks. As at 31 December 2022, QIB had QAR18,609.0 million 
(U.S.$5,112.4 million) in such contingent liabilities and other commitments. 
A downgrade in QIB's credit ratings could limit its ability to negotiate new financing facilities, access 
the Islamic capital markets and may increase its financing costs and/or adversely affect its relationship 
with creditors 
QIB's credit ratings, which are intended to measure its ability to meet its financing obligations as they 
mature, are an important factor in determining its cost of financing. The profit rates on QIB's financings are 
partly dependent on its credit ratings. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, QIB's long-term local and 
foreign currency rating was assessed by Moody's at "A1" with a stable outlook, by Fitch at "A-" with a 
stable outlook and by Capital Intelligence ("CI") at "A+" with a stable outlook. 
A downgrade of QIB's credit ratings, or the placing of any such rating on a negative ratings watch, may 
increase QIB's cost of financing and thus materially adversely affect its business and results of operations. 
A downgrade of QIB's credit ratings (or announcement of a negative ratings watch) may also limit its ability 
to raise capital. 
QIB's business could be adversely affected if the Qatari riyal/U.S. dollar peg were to be removed or 
adjusted 
In response to the decline in global oil prices in late 2014, certain regional oil producing countries that 
traditionally 'pegged' their domestic currencies to the U.S. dollar have faced pressure to remove these 
foreign exchange 'pegs'. For example, in late 2015, each of Kazakhstan and Azerbaijan chose to unwind 
the U.S. dollar peg of their domestic currencies. However, the Qatari riyal remains pegged to the U.S. 
dollar, as it has been since 1971 and, since 1980, the peg has been at a fixed rate of U.S.$1.00 = QAR3.64. 
QIB maintains its accounts, and reports its results, in Qatari riyals. QIB is exposed to the potential impact 
of any alteration to, or abolition of, this foreign exchange rate peg. Also, as a financial intermediary, QIB 
is exposed to foreign exchange rate risk. This risk includes the possibility that the value of a foreign 
currency asset or liability will change due to changes in currency exchange rates as well as the possibility 
that QIB may have to close out any long or short open position in a foreign currency at a loss due to an 
adverse movement in exchange rates. 
Any open currency position is maintained within the limits set by the QCB. However, where QIB is not 
effectively hedged, it is exposed to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and any hedging activity may not 
in all cases protect QIB against such risks. Adverse movements in foreign exchange rates may also 
adversely impact the revenues and financial condition of QIB's depositors and financing customers which, 
in turn, may impact QIB's deposit base and the quality of its financing exposures. Any volatility in foreign

--- Page 36 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 24 - 
75-41049031 
 
exchange rates, including the re-fixing of the Qatari riyal-U.S. dollar exchange rate, could have a material 
adverse effect on QIB's financial condition and results of operations. 
Qatar has a relatively untested insolvency law and there is no certainty as to how Qatari courts will 
construe or enforce such law in the event of a bankruptcy affecting QIB 
Qatar has adopted bankruptcy and insolvency provisions (part of the Commercial Code No. 27 of 2006) 
(the "Bankruptcy Provisions"), which came into effect on 13 May 2007. The Bankruptcy Provisions are 
similar to those included in the Egyptian and most other GCC laws and relate largely to the declaration of 
bankruptcy, its effects and its administration, and include conciliation to prevent bankruptcy. However, 
whilst there are some precedents the Bankruptcy Provisions are largely untested by Qatari courts, and there 
is no certainty as to how Qatari courts would construe or enforce the Bankruptcy Provisions in the event of 
a bankruptcy affecting QIB. There can also be no assurance that a Qatari court would compel a bankruptcy 
administrator to perform any of QIB's obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party 
during an administration period. The Bankruptcy Provisions also enable Qatari courts to defer adjudication 
of a company's bankruptcy if the court decides that it is possible to improve that company's financial 
position during a period (such period to be specified by the court) or if judged to be in the interest of the 
national economy. There is no certainty as to if and how the QCB might exercise its powers of temporary 
management and control under the Banking Provisions (including putting a financial institution into 
liquidation) in relation to financial institutions experiencing financial difficulties. The QCB Law provides 
that the QCB may place a financial institution under interim administration or temporary management if 
such an institution is threatened with insolvency or at the request of such financial institution. The QCB as 
the interim administrator of the financial institution is entitled to take control of the assets of the financial 
institution and take such steps as required to protect the funds of the financial institution, the rights of the 
depositors, investors and customers. Following the conclusion of the interim administration, the governor 
of the QCB may decide to revoke the licence of the financial institution and develop a plan for the 
liquidation of its assets and obligations. Further, the QCB shall be responsible for the implementation and 
supervision of the execution of the liquidation plan. There are no specific guidelines in respect of how the 
QCB would administer the resolution of a failing bank in Qatar. 
The Qatar Cabinet approved a draft law on corporate bankruptcy and prevention in April 2017 which is 
aimed at developing detailed regulations for corporate bankruptcy and prevention, taking into account 
international standards in this regard. It is not clear when this law (and the regulations) may come into 
force. 
Risk Factors Relating to the Certificates 
Limitations relating to the indemnity provisions under the Purchase Undertaking Deed and the Master 
Declaration of Trust 
QIB has covenanted in the Purchase Undertaking Deed and the Master Declaration of Trust that: (a) if, at 
the time of delivery of an exercise notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking 
Deed, QIB (acting in any capacity) holds any benefits, entitlements, rights, title, interest in or remains in 
actual or constructive possession, custody or control of all or any part of the Wakala Assets; and (b) if, 
following delivery of an exercise notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking 
Deed, QIB fails to pay the relevant Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event Exercise Price (as the case may 
be) in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking Deed for any reason whatsoever and 
thereby resulting in QIB's failure to comply with its obligations under the Purchase Undertaking Deed, QIB 
shall (as an independent, severable and separately enforceable obligation) fully indemnify the Trustee for 
the purpose of redemption in full of the outstanding Certificates of such Series and, accordingly, the amount 
payable under any such indemnity claim will equal the relevant Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event 
Exercise Price (as the case may be). 
Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set out in the above paragraph, if QIB fails to pay the relevant 
Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event Exercise Price (as the case may be) in accordance with the Purchase 
Undertaking Deed, the Delegate (on behalf of the Certificateholders) may, subject to the matters set out in 
Condition 15 (Dissolution Events) and the terms of the Master Declaration of Trust, seek to enforce, inter 
alia, the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking Deed and the Master Declaration of Trust against QIB by 
commencing arbitral or legal proceedings.

--- Page 37 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 25 - 
75-41049031 
 
However, investors should note that, in the event that QIB (acting in any capacity) does not hold any 
benefits, entitlements, rights, title, interest in or remains in actual or constructive possession, custody or 
control of all or any part of the relevant Wakala Assets at the time of delivery of the exercise notice in 
accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking Deed, the condition in (a) as described above 
will not be satisfied and, therefore, no amounts will be payable by QIB under the separate indemnity 
provisions. For the avoidance of doubt, no investigation has been or will be made by the Trustee, the 
Arrangers, the Dealers or the Delegate as to whether the QIB has or will continue to hold any benefits, 
entitlements, rights, title, interest in or remains in actual or constructive possession, custody or control of 
any Wakala Assets. 
Accordingly, in such event, the Delegate (on behalf of the Certificateholders) may be required to establish 
that there has been a breach of contract by QIB in order to prove for damages. Such breach of contract may 
be due to: (i) a breach by QIB of the requirement to purchase the Trustee's rights, title, interest, benefits 
and entitlements in, to and under the relevant Wakala Assets on the relevant Dissolution Date pursuant to 
the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking Deed; and/or (ii) a breach by QIB of its undertaking to maintain 
actual or constructive possession, custody or control of, or rights, title, interests, benefits or entitlements in, 
to or under, all of the Wakala Assets comprising the Wakala Portfolio during the Trustee Ownership Period, 
in each case in accordance with the terms of the relevant Asset Contracts (as defined in the Master Wakala 
Purchase Agreement). 
As a result, the Delegate (on behalf of the Certificateholders) may not be able to recover, or may face 
significant challenges in recovering, an amount equal to the relevant Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event 
Exercise Price (as the case may be) and in turn, the amount payable to the Certificateholders upon 
redemption. 
The Certificates may be delisted following the occurrence of a Tangibility Event 
If a Tangibility Event occurs, QIB (in its capacity as Servicing Agent) will be required to notify the Trustee 
and the Delegate of the same and the Trustee will be required to promptly notify the Certificateholders: 
(i) that a Tangibility Event has occurred, together with an explanation of the reasons for, and evidence of, 
such occurrence; (ii) as determined in consultation with the Shari'a Supervisory Board of QIB, the 
Certificates should be tradable only in accordance with the Shari'a principles of debt trading; (iii) that, on 
the date falling 15 days following the Tangibility Event Redemption Date, the Certificates will be delisted 
from any stock exchange (if any) on which the Certificates have been admitted to listing or if such date is 
not a business day, the next following business day ("business day" being, for this purpose, a day on which 
the stock exchange on which the Certificates are admitted to listing is open for business); and (iv) the 
Tangibility Event Put Right Period, during which period any Certificateholder shall have the option to 
require the redemption of all or any of its Certificates. The occurrence of such an event may have a 
significant adverse impact on the liquidity and market value of the Certificates. 
The Certificates may be an ownership interest for the purposes of the Volcker Rule 
The Trustee may be deemed to be a "covered fund" for the purposes of the Volcker Rule. Further, the 
Certificates may constitute an "ownership interest" for the purposes of the Volcker Rule. As a result, the 
Volcker Rule may, subject to certain exemptions, prohibit certain banking institutions from, directly or 
indirectly, acquiring or retaining the Certificates. This prohibition may adversely affect the liquidity and 
market price of the Certificates. In addition, any entity that is a "banking entity" under the Volcker Rule 
and is considering an investment in the Certificates should consider the potential impact of the Volcker 
Rule in respect of such investment and on its portfolio generally. 
The Certificates are limited recourse obligations 
The Certificates are not debt obligations of the Trustee. Instead, the Certificates represent an interest in the 
Trust Assets. Recourse to the Trustee in respect of each Series of Certificates is limited to the Trust Assets 
of that Series and the proceeds of such Trust Assets are the sole source of payments on the relevant 
Certificates. Upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event, or early dissolution pursuant to Condition 11(b) 
(Capital Distributions of the Trust – Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons), Condition 11(c) (Capital 
Distributions of the Trust – Dissolution at the Option of QIB) or Condition 11(d) (Capital Distributions of 
the Trust –Redemption at the Option of the Certificateholders (Tangibility Event)) the sole rights of each 
of the Trustee, the Delegate and the Certificateholders of the relevant Series of Certificates will be against 
QIB to: (i) pay the Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event Exercise Price (as the case may be) in accordance

--- Page 38 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 26 - 
75-41049031 
 
with the Purchase Undertaking Deed and the Wakala Portfolio Principal Revenues under the Service 
Agency Agreement in respect of such Series; (ii) in the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series only, liquidate 
the relevant Restricted Mudaraba and pay the Final Liquidation Proceeds or Tangibility Event Liquidation 
Proceeds (as the case may be) (subject to any applicable set-off provisions under the Redemption 
Undertaking Deed) and the applicable Mudaraba Profit to the Trustee in accordance with the relevant 
Restricted Mudaraba Contract; and (iii) otherwise perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents 
to which it is a party. 
Certificateholders will otherwise have no recourse to any assets of the Delegate, the Trustee (including its 
directors and service providers) and the Principal Paying Agent or any affiliate of any of the foregoing 
entities in respect of any shortfall in the expected amounts due under the relevant Trust Assets. QIB is 
obliged to make certain payments under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party directly to the 
Trustee, and the Trustee and the Delegate will have direct recourse against QIB to recover payments due to 
the Trustee from QIB pursuant to the Transaction Documents. There can be no assurance that the proceeds 
of the realisation of, or enforcement with respect to, the Trust Assets will be sufficient to make all payments 
due in respect of the Certificates of the relevant Series. Furthermore, under no circumstances shall any 
Certificateholder, the Trustee or the Delegate have: (i) any right to cause the sale or other disposition of 
any of the Trust Assets except pursuant to the Purchase Undertaking Deed or, in the case of a 
Wakala/Mudaraba Series only, the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement (by liquidating the relevant 
Restricted Mudaraba); or (ii) any other recourse against the Trust Assets, except the right to receive 
distributions derived from the Trust Assets in accordance with the Conditions, and the sole right of the 
Trustee, the Delegate and the Certificateholders against QIB shall be to enforce the obligations of QIB to 
pay the relevant Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event Exercise Price (as the case may be) under the 
Purchase Undertaking Deed, liquidate the relevant Restricted Mudaraba for an amount equal to the relevant 
Final Liquidation Proceeds or the Tangibility Event Liquidation Proceeds (as applicable) (in the case of a 
Wakala/Mudaraba Series only), and otherwise perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party. 
The Certificates may be subject to early dissolution 
In certain circumstances, the Certificates may be subject to early dissolution. If the Optional Dissolution 
Right is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, QIB shall: (i) exercise its option under 
the Sale Undertaking Deed; and (ii) in the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series only, liquidate the relevant 
Restricted Mudaraba and distribute the Final Liquidation Proceeds or the Tangibility Event Liquidation 
Proceeds (as applicable) to procure the Trustee to dissolve the Trust and redeem the Certificates (in whole, 
but not in part) on the relevant Optional Dissolution Date at the relevant Optional Dissolution Amount as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In addition, the Certificates may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity if QIB has or will become 
obliged to provide funding to ensure that the funds available to the Trustee are sufficient to pay the relevant 
Periodic Distribution Amount or the relevant Dissolution Amount by reason of Condition 12 (Taxation) 
and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Trustee taking reasonable measures available to it. In such 
circumstances, QIB has the option to require the Trustee to dissolve the Trust and redeem the Certificates 
prior to their scheduled maturity. Early dissolution in either instance may reduce the return that a 
Certificateholder would have realised had the Certificates been redeemed at maturity. Furthermore, the 
Certificates may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity on the occurrence of a Tangibility Event, 
pursuant to see Condition 11(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Certificateholders (Tangibility Event)). 
An early dissolution feature of any Certificate is likely to limit its market value. During any period when 
the Trustee may elect to or be expected to redeem Certificates, the market value of those Certificates 
generally will not rise substantially above the dissolution amount payable. This also may be true prior to 
any dissolution period. The Trustee may be expected to redeem the Certificates when QIB's cost of 
financing is lower than the profit rate (including such additional amounts as are referred to above) on the 
Certificates. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective profit rate as high as the profit rate on the Certificates and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider re-investment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time.

--- Page 39 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 27 - 
75-41049031 
 
Certificates where denominations involve integral multiples: Definitive Certificates 
In relation to any issue of Certificates which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Certificates may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination. 
In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination would need to purchase an additional amount of Certificates such that 
it holds an amount equal to at least the minimum Specified Denomination to be able to trade such 
Certificates. Certificateholders should be aware that Certificates which have a denomination that is not an 
integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
If a Certificateholder holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his 
account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time, such Certificateholder may not receive a 
Definitive Certificate in respect of such holding (should Definitive Certificates be printed) and would need 
to purchase a principal amount of Certificates such that its holding amounts to at least a Specified 
Denomination in order to be eligible to receive a Definitive Certificate. 
If Definitive Certificates are issued, holders should be aware that Definitive Certificates which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Absence of secondary market/limited liquidity 
There is no assurance that a secondary market for the Certificates of any Series will develop or, if it does 
develop, that it will provide the Certificateholders with liquidity of investment or that it will continue for 
the life of such Certificates. Accordingly, a Certificateholder may not be able to find a buyer to buy its 
Certificates readily or at prices that will enable the Certificateholder to realise a desired yield. The market 
value of the Certificates may fluctuate and a lack of liquidity, in particular, can have a material adverse 
effect on the market value of the Certificates. Accordingly, the purchase of the Certificates is suitable only 
for investors who can bear the risks associated with a lack of liquidity in the Certificates and the financial 
and other risks associated with an investment in the Certificates. An investor in the Certificates must be 
prepared to hold the Certificates for an indefinite period of time or until their maturity. Whilst an application 
has been made for the listing of certain Series of Certificates to be issued under the Programme on Euronext 
Dublin, there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur or enhance the liquidity of the Certificates. 
No third-party guarantees 
Investors should be aware that no guarantee is or will be given in relation to the Certificates by the equity 
holders of QIB or any other person. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future 
Interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of 
ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Certificates referencing such 
a benchmark. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to 
a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Certificates linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology 
or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation and/or UK Benchmark Regulation, as applicable, and such changes could (amongst other

--- Page 40 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 28 - 
75-41049031 
 
things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level, of the benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such 
factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute 
to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead 
to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"). The guiding 
principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts 
(without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 
2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger 
events and fallback rates. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the profit rate calculation provisions of the 
Conditions (as further described in Condition 9(k) (Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions – Benchmark 
Replacement)) or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Certificates linked to such benchmark 
(including Floating Rate Certificates whose profit rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such 
benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, 
uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark 
may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Certificates, the return on the relevant 
Certificates and the trading market for securities (including the Certificates) based on the same benchmark. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, such as 
EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) 
becomes unavailable, unlawful or unrepresentative, including the possibility that the profit rate could be set 
by reference to a successor rate or an alternative reference rate and that such successor rate or alternative 
reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant 
governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement 
of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Certificates may not achieve 
this objective. Any such changes may result in the Certificates performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower profit rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain circumstances 
the ultimate fallback of profit rate for a particular Return Accumulation Period may result in the profit rate 
for the last preceding Return Accumulation Period being used. This may result in the effective application 
of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Certificates based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant 
Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative 
reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions), the relevant 
fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Certificates. Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmark Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks Regulation reforms 
or possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to 
any Certificates linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as a reference rate for Floating Rate Certificates 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate ("SOFR") as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to 
U.S. Dollar LIBOR. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative 
reference rates based on SOFR, including term SOFR reference rate (which seeks to measure the market's 
forward expectation of an average SOFR rate over a designated term) or different measures of such an

--- Page 41 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 29 - 
75-41049031 
 
alternative reference rate. For example, on 2 March 2020, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as 
administrator of SOFR, began publishing the SOFR Index. The continued development of SOFR as a profit 
reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as the continued development of SOFR based rates for 
such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or 
increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Certificates. 
The use of SOFR as a reference rate for Eurobonds continues to develop both in terms of the substance of 
the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading 
of bonds referencing SOFR. In particular, investors should be aware that several different SOFR 
methodologies have been used in SOFR linked notes (including trust certificates) issued to date and no 
assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding formula in the 
Conditions, will gain widespread market acceptance. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SOFR that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to the Certificates that reference SOFR under this Base 
Prospectus. Furthermore, the Trustee may in future issue Certificates referencing SOFR that differ 
materially in terms of profit determination when compared with the Certificates. In addition, the manner of 
adoption or application of SOFR reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared 
with the application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. 
Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SOFR reference rates across 
these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in 
connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Certificates referencing SOFR. 
SOFR differs from EURIBOR in a number of material respects and has a limited history 
SOFR differs from EURIBOR in a number of material respects, including that SOFR is a backwards-
looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rate, whereas EURIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-
looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware 
that EURIBOR and SOFR may behave materially differently as profit reference rates for the Certificates. 
Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore 
will perform differently over time to EURIBOR which is an unsecured rate. For example, since publication 
of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily 
changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Publication of SOFR in its current form began in April 2018 and it therefore has a limited history. The 
future performance of SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical 
performance. The level of SOFR during the term of the Certificates may bear little or no relation to the 
historical level of SOFR. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their 
relation to SOFR such as correlations, may change in the future. 
Furthermore, profit on Certificates which reference SOFR is only capable of being determined immediately 
prior to the relevant Periodic Distribution Date. It may be difficult for investors to estimate reliably the 
amount of profit which will be payable on the Certificates, and some investors may be unable or unwilling 
to trade such Certificates without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact 
the liquidity of the Certificates. Further, in contrast to EURIBOR-based Certificates, if the Certificates 
become due and payable as a result of a Dissolution Event under Condition 15 (Dissolution Events), or are 
otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Periodic Distribution Date, the final Rate payable in 
respect of the Certificates shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior 
to the date on which the Certificates become due and payable. 
The administrator of SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SOFR or discontinue 
SOFR 
The Trustee and QIB have no control over the determination, calculation or publication of SOFR. There 
can be no guarantee that SOFR will not be discontinued, suspended or fundamentally altered in a manner 
that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Certificates referencing SOFR. In particular, the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor), as administrator of SOFR, may make methodological 
or other changes that could change the value of SOFR or its related indices, including changes related to 
the method by which SOFR or a related index is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions 
used to calculate SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SOFR or a related index. In addition, the 
administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SOFR or a related index (in

--- Page 42 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 30 - 
75-41049031 
 
which case a fallback method of determining the Rate on the Certificates will apply). The administrator has 
no obligation to consider the interests of Certificateholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising 
or discontinuing SOFR or a related index. 
Risk Factors Relating to the Sukuk Assets 
Investment in the Mudaraba Portfolio 
In the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series only and pursuant to the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement, 
a proportion of the Proceeds will be directly invested through Restricted Mudaraba Contracts in a Mudaraba 
Portfolio with a view to earning profit therefrom, which will in turn be applied towards payments due to 
Certificateholders in respect of the Certificates. In the event that any of the risks relating to the business of 
QIB mentioned above (see "Risk Factors – Risks Factors Relating to QIB and its Business") materialise or 
otherwise impact QIB's business, the Mudarib may not be able to perform its obligations under the Master 
Restricted Mudaraba Agreement which will, in turn, have a material adverse effect on the Trustee's ability 
to fulfil its payment obligations in respect of the Certificates. 
Limited investigation or enquiry will be made and limited due diligence will be conducted in respect of any 
Mudaraba Assets. The Mudaraba Assets shall be selected by QIB and the Certificateholders shall have no 
ability to influence such selection. QIB may invest a portion of the Proceeds through the purchase of an 
undivided interest in each of the Mudaraba Assets and, as a result, it may not be possible to identify the 
Mudaraba Assets separately from the assets of QIB. The precise terms of the Mudaraba Assets, and the 
nature of the assets leased or sold underlying each Mudaraba Asset, will not be disclosed. Obligors and 
lessees may have rights of set-off or counterclaim against QIB in respect of such Mudaraba Assets. 
Liability attaching to owners of Wakala Assets 
In order to comply with the requirements of Shari'a, an interest (the nature of such interest as more 
particularly described in "Risk Factors – Risk Factors Relating to the Sukuk Assets – Sale and transfer of 
the Wakala Assets") in the Wakala Portfolio of each Series of Certificates will pass to the Trustee in its 
capacity as trustee under the Master Wakala Purchase Agreement and each relevant Supplemental Purchase 
Contract. The Trustee will declare a trust in respect of such Wakala Portfolio and the other Trust Assets of 
the relevant Series in favour of the Certificateholders of such Series pursuant to the Master Declaration of 
Trust as supplemented by a Supplemental Declaration of Trust in respect of each Tranche which together 
constitute the Series. Accordingly, Certificateholders will have interests in the relevant Wakala Portfolio 
unless transfer of the relevant Wakala Assets is prohibited by, or ineffective under, any applicable law (see 
"Risk Factors – Risk Factors Relating to the Sukuk Assets – Sale and transfer of the Wakala Assets"). 
Limited investigation or enquiry will be made and limited due diligence will be conducted in respect of any 
Wakala Assets. The Wakala Assets will be selected by QIB and the Certificateholders will have no ability 
to influence such selection. Only limited representations will be obtained from QIB in respect of the Wakala 
Assets of any Series. In particular, the precise terms of the underlying contracts associated with such 
Wakala Assets, the nature of the assets leased or sold or the contracts underlying each Wakala Asset will 
not be known (including whether there are any restrictions on transfer or any further obligations required 
to be performed by QIB to give effect to the transfer of the relevant Wakala Assets). There is no intention 
to take any steps to perfect the title to the relevant Wakala Assets or otherwise give notice to any lessee or 
obligor in respect thereof. Obligors and lessees may have rights of set-off or counterclaim against QIB in 
respect of such Wakala Assets. 
In addition, if and to the extent that a third party is able to establish a direct claim against the Trustee for 
any amount payable to such third party as a result of the Trustee's holding of any Wakala Asset, QIB has 
agreed in the Master Declaration of Trust to indemnify the Trustee, the Delegate and any Certificateholder 
against any cost, expense, loss or taxes which it may suffer in respect of such liabilities, excluding the cost 
of funding the same. In the event that QIB does not have the resources to meet such claims or to meet its 
indemnity obligations, then the Certificateholders may suffer losses in excess of the original face amount 
invested which they will be unable to recoup. 
Sale and transfer of the Wakala Assets 
Limited investigation has been or will be made as to whether any interest in any Wakala Assets may be 
transferred as contemplated in the Transaction Documents as a matter of the law governing the contracts,

--- Page 43 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 31 - 
75-41049031 
 
the law of the jurisdiction where such assets are located or any other relevant law. Limited investigation 
will be made to determine if the Master Wakala Purchase Agreement and each relevant Supplemental 
Purchase Contract will have the effect of transferring an interest in the Wakala Assets of the relevant Series 
of Certificates. The Master Wakala Purchase Agreement is, and each Supplemental Purchase Contract will 
be, governed by the laws of Qatar and, to the extent that such laws are applied in relation to any dispute, 
there are doubts whether an interest in certain assets (in particular receivable assets such as ijara contracts) 
can be effectively transferred without notice of the transfer being given to the lessee or other obligor. In 
addition, the Qatari civil code requires an official date certification to be effected for a transfer of assets to 
be perfected. Accordingly, no assurance is given that any ownership interest in any Wakala Assets will be 
transferred to the Trustee. 
As indicated above, the Certificateholders will not have any direct rights of enforcement as against the 
Trust Assets, however, as more fully described in Condition 16(iii) (Enforcement and Exercise of Rights) 
they may, in certain circumstances, proceed directly against QIB in respect of its obligations to: (i) in the 
case of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series only, liquidate the relevant Restricted Mudaraba and return all amounts 
due and payable to the Trustee in relation to the relevant Restricted Mudaraba Contract (whether in respect 
of Mudaraba Capital or Mudaraba Profit) pursuant to the terms of the Master Restricted Mudaraba 
Agreement and the applicable Restricted Mudaraba Contract and any other relevant Transaction Document 
to which QIB is a party; and (ii) to purchase the Wakala Assets from the Trustee pursuant to the terms of 
the Purchase Undertaking Deed. In addition, QIB has agreed in the Purchase Undertaking Deed to 
indemnify the Trustee (in an amount equal to the Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event Exercise Price (as 
the case may be)) for the purposes of redemption in full of the relevant Series of Certificates in the event 
that the ownership interest of the Trustee in the relevant Wakala Assets is disputed or challenged. See "Risk 
Factors - Limitations relating to the indemnity provisions under the Purchase Undertaking Deed and the 
Master Declaration of Trust". 
Risk Factors Relating to Payments 
Periodic Distribution Amount and credit risk 
It is expected that the rate of return on the Sukuk Assets of each Series will exceed the relevant Periodic 
Distribution Amount due in respect of such Series and accordingly that the Rabb-al-Maal (if applicable) 
and the Service Agent will, in the aggregate, receive Profit Revenues in respect of the Sukuk Assets of each 
Series at least equal to the relevant Periodic Distribution Amount. Such amounts will be paid by the Rabb-
al-Maal (if applicable) and the Service Agent to the Trustee's Transaction Account for the relevant Series. 
If the aggregate of the Profit Revenues received by the Rabb-al-Maal (if applicable) and the Service Agent 
during any Return Accumulation Period are less than the Required Amount (being the aggregate of the 
Periodic Distribution Amounts then falling due and certain other amounts), then the Mudarib (if applicable) 
and the Service Agent will be required to pay further amounts up to the current aggregate balances of the 
Mudaraba Reserve Account (if applicable) and the Wakala Reserve Account to remedy such shortfall. In 
the event of any remaining shortfall, the Service Agent may provide the Trustee with Shari'a-compliant 
financing by way of the Liquidity Facility to enable full payment of the Periodic Distribution Amount. 
The Collection Account, the Mudaraba Reserve Account (if applicable) and the Wakala Reserve Account 
are nominal ledger accounts maintained on the books of QIB to record, respectively, Profit Revenues during 
each Return Accumulation Period and the accumulated surplus of such Profit Revenues over the Required 
Amounts for each such period. 
The Service Agent and (if applicable) the Mudarib shall each have the right to use and invest amounts 
standing to the credit of the Collection Account, the Wakala Reserve Account and the Mudaraba Reserve 
Account (as appropriate) for its own account and its obligations to pay amounts to the Rabb-al-Maal (if 
applicable) and the Trustee (as relevant) constitute unsecured obligations of the Service Agent and the 
Mudarib. Neither the Trustee, the Delegate nor any Certificateholder shall have any proprietary interest in 
the monies standing to the credit of the Collection Account, the Mudaraba Reserve Account (if applicable) 
or the Wakala Reserve Account, and accordingly Certificateholders will be exposed to the full credit risk 
of the Mudarib and/or Service Agent in relation to such amounts. 
In addition, any failure to pay the Periodic Distribution Amount due on a Periodic Distribution Date (subject 
to the grace period) could constitute a Dissolution Event in respect of the relevant Series of Certificates.

--- Page 44 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 32 - 
75-41049031 
 
Credit risk 
The Trustee will fund the redemption amount payable by it in respect of each Series of Certificates with 
the Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event Exercise Price (as the case may be) paid to it by QIB under the 
Purchase Undertaking Deed and (in the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series only) the Final Liquidation 
Proceeds or the Tangibility Event Liquidation Proceeds (as applicable) following the liquidation of the 
Mudaraba, see "Summary of the Principal Transaction Documents – Purchase Undertaking Deed". This is 
also an unsecured obligation of QIB and accordingly investors will also be subject to the full credit risk of 
QIB in relation to the redemption amounts. 
Risk Factors Relating to Taxation 
Taxation risks on payments 
Payments made by QIB to the Trustee under the Transaction Documents, by the Trustee in respect of the 
Certificates, or revenues generated by the Sukuk Assets and received by the Mudarib (if applicable) and 
the Service Agent, could become subject to withholding or deduction for or on account of taxation. The 
Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement (in the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series only), the Service 
Agency Agreement and the Purchase Undertaking Deed each require QIB to pay additional amounts in the 
event that any withholding or deduction is required to be made by Qatari law in respect of payments made 
by it to the Trustee under those documents. Condition 12 (Taxation) provides that the Trustee is required 
to pay additional amounts in respect of any such withholdings or deductions imposed by the Cayman Islands 
and/or Qatar in certain circumstances. In the event that the Trustee fails to gross-up for any such 
withholding or deduction on payments due in respect of the Certificates to Certificateholders, QIB has, 
pursuant to the Master Declaration of Trust, unconditionally and irrevocably undertaken (irrespective of 
the payment of any fee), as a continuing obligation, to pay to the Trustee (for the benefit of the 
Certificateholders) an amount equal to the liabilities of the Trustee in respect of any and all additional 
amounts required to be paid in respect of the Certificates pursuant to Condition 12 (Taxation) in respect of 
any withholding or deduction in respect of any tax as set out in that Condition. 
Also, to the extent that the Sukuk Assets do not generate the anticipated level of revenues as a result of 
withholding tax or deductions in Qatar (and consequentially there are insufficient funds in the Transaction 
Account and the aggregate of the amounts in the Mudaraba Reserve Account (if applicable) and the Wakala 
Reserve Account is less than the amount of any shortfall in the Periodic Distribution Amount in respect of 
any Series of Certificates then payable to Certificateholders), the Service Agent may provide Shari'a-
compliant financing by way of the Liquidity Facility to ensure that the Trustee meets its obligation to pay 
the full amount of the Periodic Distribution Amount on the relevant Periodic Distribution Date. 
If QIB has or will become obliged to, or, as the case may be, exercises its discretion to provide funding to 
ensure that the funds available to the Trustee are sufficient to pay the relevant Periodic Distribution Amount 
or the relevant Dissolution Amount pursuant to Condition 12 (Taxation) or through the Liquidity Facility 
(as defined in Condition 6(g) (Trust – Operation of Liquidity Facility)), and such obligation cannot be 
avoided by the Trustee taking reasonable measures available to it, then Condition 11(b) (Capital 
Distributions of the Trust – Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons) provides that, in such circumstances, QIB 
has the option to require the Trustee to dissolve the Trust and redeem the Certificates prior to their scheduled 
maturity. 
Payments by QIB under the Transaction Documents may be subject to withholding tax in Qatar 
The income tax law No. 24 of 2018 on Income Tax (the "Income Tax Law") and its executive regulation 
(the "Executive Regulations") provides that any interest payments made to "non-residents" in respect of 
activities not connected with a permanent establishment in Qatar will be subject to withholding tax. The 
Executive Regulations provide for certain exemptions to such application of withholding tax. In particular, 
paragraph 3 of Article 21.4 of the Executive Regulations provides that "interest on transactions, facilities 
and loans with banks and financial institutions" shall not be subject to withholding tax. The provisions 
applicable to interest payments may also apply to profit payments made under Islamic financial instruments 
(including any Certificates issued under the Programme).

--- Page 45 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 33 - 
75-41049031 
 
Risk Factors Relating to Enforcement 
Considerations relating to the non-recognition of trusts under the laws of Qatar 
The laws of Qatar do not recognise the concept of trust or beneficial interests. Accordingly, if a Qatari court 
were to consider the merits of a claim in respect of the Master Declaration of Trust and any Supplemental 
Declaration of Trust and Qatari law principles in doing so, there is no certainty that all of the terms of the 
Master Declaration of Trust or any Supplemental Declaration of Trust (each of which is governed by 
English law) would be enforced by the Qatari courts and the trust arrangements set out therein may be 
recharacterised as an agency arrangement by the Qatari courts. 
Claims for specific enforcement 
In the event that QIB fails to perform its obligations under any Transaction Document to which it is a party, 
the potential remedies available to the Trustee and the Delegate include obtaining an order for specific 
enforcement of QIB's obligations or a claim for damages. There is no assurance that a court will provide an 
order for specific enforcement, which is a discretionary matter. 
The amount of damages which a court may award in respect of a breach will depend upon a number of 
possible factors including an obligation on the Trustee and the Delegate to mitigate any loss arising as a 
result of the breach. No assurance is provided on the level of damages which a court may award in the event 
of a failure by QIB to perform its obligations set out in the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
Investors may experience difficulty in enforcing arbitration awards and foreign judgments in Qatar 
There is currently no treaty or convention for the reciprocal enforcement of judgments between Qatar and 
England. A judgment obtained from a court in England will be enforceable in Qatar subject to the provisions 
of Articles 379 and 380 of the Civil and Commercial Procedure Law, which provides, in the case of Article 
379, that judgments and orders pronounced in a foreign country may be ordered to be executed in Qatar 
upon the conditions determined in that country for the execution of Qatari judgments and orders and 
provides, in the case of Article 380, that an order for execution of a foreign judgment or order will not be 
made unless and until the following have been ascertained, that: (i) the judgment or order was delivered by 
a competent court of the foreign jurisdiction in question; (ii) the parties to the action were properly served 
with notice of proceedings and properly represented; (iii) the judgment or order is one that is capable of 
being executed by the successful party to the proceedings in conformity with the laws of the foreign 
jurisdiction in question; and (iv) the foreign judgment or order does not conflict with a previous judgment 
or order of a competent Qatari court and is not contrary to public policy or morality in Qatar. A Qatari court 
would be entitled to call for textual evidence on the laws of England concerning the conditions that would 
be applicable for the execution of the judgment of a Qatari court in England and the Qatari court would 
then be entitled to execute the judgment of the English court upon those conditions. Accordingly, although 
a judgment obtained from a court in England would be admissible in evidence in any proceedings brought 
in Qatar to enforce such judgment it would still be necessary to initiate proceedings in Qatar. 
However, on 10 February 2022, it was reported in The Times of London that the Court of Cassation in 
Qatar (the "Court of Cassation") had refused to enforce a judgment issued by the English High Court. 
Although the Court of Cassation judgment has not yet been published, it is understood that the reason for 
the refusal by the Court of Cassation to enforce the English High Court judgment was on account of the 
fact that the claimant in that case failed to convince the court that there was reciprocity in England to allow 
for the enforcement of a Qatar court judgment or that there was no treaty or convention in place between 
Qatar and the United Kingdom for the reciprocal enforcement of court judgments. Although there is no 
general system of binding judicial precedent applied by the Qatari courts, given that this is a decision of the 
Court of Cassation, if the reasons for the judgment are confirmed in the written judgment it is likely that in 
future, the Qatari courts will follow this judgment. 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates, the parties have agreed that any dispute arising out of 
or in connection with the Certificates shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration in accordance 
with the Arbitration Rules of the LCIA, with the Delegate and Certificateholders having the right to require 
that the courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle the dispute. In the event that proceedings are 
brought against the Trustee in Qatar, the Qatari courts would, in accordance with their normal practice, 
enforce the contractual terms of the Certificates (including the contractual choice of a governing law other 
than Qatari law to govern the Certificates, provided that, this would not apply to any provision of that law

--- Page 46 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 34 - 
75-41049031 
 
which Qatari courts held to be contrary to any mandatory provision of Qatari law or to public order or 
morality in Qatar). 
Pursuant to Decree No. 29 of 2003, Qatar joined the New York Convention on the Recognition and 
Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral awards of 1958 (the "New York Convention"). Accordingly, whenever 
the New York Convention applies to a foreign arbitral award, that award should be recognised and enforced 
in compliance with the requirements of the New York Convention. However, enforcement of foreign 
arbitral awards is underdeveloped in Qatar and largely untested and therefore there can be no assurance that 
arbitration in connection with the Transaction Documents and/or the Certificates, would protect the interests 
of the relevant Certificateholders to the same extent as would be expected in certain other jurisdictions. 
In February 2017, Qatar enacted Law No (2) of 2017 promulgating the Civil and Commercial Arbitration 
Law (the "Arbitration Law") which came into force in April 2017. The Arbitration Law addresses the 
enforcement of arbitration awards. Article 34 of the Arbitration Law states that an arbitration award is 
enforceable in Qatar regardless of the state in which such award was issued. Article 35 of the Arbitration 
Law specifies the grounds upon which the recognition and enforcement of an arbitral award may be refused 
irrespective of the location of the seat of arbitration. The grounds are similar to those set out in the New 
York Convention. 
Waiver of sovereign immunity 
QIB has waived its rights, if any, in relation to sovereign immunity under the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party. However, there can be no assurance as to whether such waivers of immunity from 
execution or attachment or other legal process by QIB under the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party are valid and binding under the laws of Qatar and applicable in Qatar. 
Additional Risks 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
The Certificates of each Series may be unrated or may be rated by one or more independent credit rating 
agencies who may also assign credit ratings to QIB. Any ratings of either QIB or the Certificates may not 
reflect the potential impact of all the risks related to the structure, market, additional factors discussed 
herein and other factors that may affect the value of the Certificates. Nevertheless, real or anticipated 
changes in QIB's credit ratings or the ratings of the Certificates generally may affect the market value of 
the Certificates. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, 
suspended or withdrawn by its assigning rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction 
may also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant 
credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EEA third country 
rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances. The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating 
agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken 
against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. Certain information with 
respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered 
credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with 
the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification 
or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited

--- Page 47 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 35 - 
75-41049031 
 
period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of 
existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Certificates changes, relevant regulated investors may no longer 
be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Certificates 
may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in relevant regulated investors selling the 
Certificates which may impact the value of the Certificates and any secondary market. 
Investors must make their own determination as to Shari'a compliance 
Members of the Shari'a Supervisory Board of QIB, the Shari'a Supervisory Board of QInvest LLC, the 
HSBC Global Shariah Supervision Committee and the Global Shari'a Supervisory Committee of Standard 
Chartered Bank have confirmed that the Certificates and the Transaction Documents are, in their view, 
compliant with the principles of Shari'a as applicable to, and interpreted by, them. However, there can be 
no assurance that the Transaction Documents or any issue and trading of any Certificates will be deemed 
to be Shari'a compliant by any other Shari'a board or Shari'a scholars. None of the Trustee, QIB, the 
Delegate, the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Agents makes any representation as to the Shari'a compliance 
of any Certificates and/or any trading thereof, the Transaction Documents or the above pronouncements 
and potential investors are reminded that, as with any Shari'a views, differences in opinion are possible and 
different Shari'a standards may be applied by different Shari'a boards. In addition, none of the Delegate, 
the Agents or the Dealers will have any responsibility for monitoring or ensuring compliance with any 
Shari'a principles of debt trading for the purposes of Condition 11(d) (Redemption at the Option of the 
Certificateholders (Tangibility Event)) nor shall it be liable to any Certificateholder or any other person in 
respect thereof. Potential investors should not rely on the above pronouncements in deciding whether to 
make an investment in the Certificates and should obtain their own independent Shari'a advice as to the 
compliance of the Transaction Documents and whether the Certificates will meet their individual standards 
of compliance and the issue and trading of the Certificates with Shari'a principles, including the tradability 
of the Certificates on any secondary market. Questions as to the Shari'a compliance of the Transaction 
Documents or the Shari'a permissibility of the issue and the trading of the Certificates may limit the 
liquidity and adversely affect the market value of the Certificates. 
In addition, prospective investors are reminded that the enforcement of any obligations of any of the parties 
in the transaction would be, if in dispute, either the subject of arbitration under the arbitration rules of the 
LCIA or court proceedings under the laws of Qatar or England and Wales, as applicable (at the option of 
the Trustee or the Delegate, as the case may be). In such circumstances, the arbitrator or judge (as 
applicable) may apply the relevant law in determining the obligations of the parties. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Trustee will pay Periodic Distribution Amounts and Dissolution Amounts on the Certificates in the 
Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial 
activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other 
than the Specified Currency. 
These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation 
of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls which could adversely 
affect an applicable exchange rate. Neither QIB nor the Trustee has any control over the factors that 
generally affect these risks, such as economic, financial and political events and the supply and demand for 
applicable currencies. In recent years, exchange rates between certain currencies have been volatile and 
volatility between such currencies or with other currencies may be expected in the future. 
An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease: 
(i) the Investor's Currency equivalent yield on the Certificates; (ii) the Investor's Currency equivalent value 
of the Dissolution Amount payable on the Certificates; and (iii) the Investor's Currency equivalent market 
value of the Certificates. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate as the availability of a specified foreign currency at the 
time of any payments including of any Periodic Distribution Amount on a Certificate. As a result, investors 
may receive a lower Dissolution Amount than expected, or no Dissolution Amount.

--- Page 48 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 36 - 
75-41049031 
 
Profit rate risks 
Investment in Certificates that are fixed rate Certificates involves the risk that if market profit rates 
subsequently increase above the rate paid on such Certificate, this will adversely affect the value of the 
Certificates. 
Emerging markets 
Investing in securities involving emerging markets, such as Qatar, generally involves a higher degree of 
risk than investments in securities of issues from more developed countries. These higher risks include, but 
are not limited to, higher volatility, limited liquidity and changes in the legal, economic and political 
environment. 
Accordingly, investors should exercise particular care in evaluating the risks involved and must decide for 
themselves whether, in light of those risks, their investment is appropriate. Generally, investment in 
emerging markets is only suitable for sophisticated investors who fully appreciate the significance of the 
risk involved. A potential investor should not invest in the Certificates unless it has the expertise (either 
alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Certificates will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Certificates and the impact this investment will have on 
the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Consents in relation to the variation of the Transaction Documents and other matters 
The Conditions of the Certificates contain provisions for calling meetings of Certificateholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Certificateholders including Certificateholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Certificateholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Conditions also contain provisions for obtaining written resolutions on matters relating to the 
Certificates from Certificateholders without calling a meeting. A written resolution signed by or on behalf 
of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in principal amount of the Certificates who for the time being 
are entitled to receive notice of a meeting in accordance with the provisions of the Master Declaration of 
Trust and whose Certificates are outstanding shall, for all purposes, take effect as an Extraordinary 
Resolution. 
In certain circumstances, where the Certificates are held in global form in the clearing systems, the Trustee, 
QIB and the Delegate (as the case may be) will be entitled to rely upon: 
(a) 
where the terms of the resolution proposed by the Trustee, QIB or the Delegate have been notified 
to the Certificateholders through the relevant clearing system(s), in accordance with the provisions 
of the Master Declaration of Trust, approval of such resolution given by way of electronic consents 
communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing systems to 
the Principal Paying Agent or another specified agent and/or the Delegate in accordance with their 
operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in 
aggregate face amount of the Certificates outstanding; and 
(b) 
where electronic consent is not being sought, consent or instructions given in writing directly to 
the Trustee: (i) by accountholders in the clearing system(s) with entitlements to such Global 
Certificate; and/or (ii) where the accountholders hold such entitlement on behalf of another person, 
on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the 
person for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give 
any such consent or instruction, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other 
document issued by, in the case of (i) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, the CMU or 
any other relevant alternative clearing system (the "relevant clearing system") and, in the case of 
(ii) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the relevant clearing 
system for the purposes of (ii) above. 
A written resolution or an electronic consent as described above may be effected in connection with any 
matter affecting the interests of Certificateholders, including the modification of the Conditions, that would 
otherwise be required to be passed at a meeting of Certificateholders satisfying the special quorum in 
accordance with the provisions of the Master Declaration of Trust, and shall for all purposes take effect as 
an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Certificateholders duly convened and held. These

--- Page 49 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 37 - 
75-41049031 
 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Certificateholders including Certificateholders who did not 
attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Certificateholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. 
The Master Declaration of Trust contains provisions preventing the Trustee from amending the Transaction 
Documents and the Trustee's memorandum and articles of association without the consent of the Delegate 
and permitting the Delegate from time to time and at any time without any consent or sanction of the 
Certificateholders to give its consent to the Trustee making any modification to the Master Declaration of 
Trust if, in the opinion of the Delegate, such modification: (i) is of a formal, minor or technical nature; (ii) 
is made to correct a manifest error; or (iii) is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Certificateholders and is other than in respect of a Reserved Matter (as defined in the Master Declaration 
of Trust). Unless the Delegate otherwise agrees, any such modification shall as soon as practicable 
thereafter be notified to the Certificateholders and shall in any event be binding upon the Certificateholders.

--- Page 50 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 38 - 
75-41049031 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the Central Bank 
of Ireland shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of QIB as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2022, together with the audit report prepared in connection thereof: 
https://www.qib.com.qa/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/QIB-FS-31-Dec-2022-English-Signed.pdf  
2. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of QIB as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2021, together with the audit report prepared in connection thereof: 
https://www.qib.com.qa/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/QIB-Annual-Report-2021-EN-FINAL.pdf 
3. 
the terms and conditions of the Certificates set out on pages 47 to 103 (inclusive) of the base 
prospectus dated 4 April 2018: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Final+Base+Prospectus+04.04.18_5f58c466-dfeb-470c-90e3-
6f2b043b8353.PDF 
4. 
the terms and conditions of the Certificates set out on pages 43 to 97 (inclusive) of the base 
prospectus dated 27 May 2019: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_3e859b2e-c747-4a84-b06d-63b4ec029a78.PDF 
5. 
the terms and conditions of the Certificates set out on pages 42 to 96 (inclusive) of the base 
prospectus dated 16 September 2020: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_5b7a767c-f539-46a0-b6aa-3edd8930d991.PDF 
6. 
the terms and conditions of the Certificates set out on pages 43 to 106 (inclusive) of the base 
prospectus dated 15 November 2021: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202111/6f4b6a0b-
9737-4d7c-a92a-6657eee13328.PDF 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any information contained in any of the 
documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not 
relevant to investors or is included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Trustee and QIB 
and approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to 
modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so 
modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Trustee and QIB will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any 
Certificates, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Certificates.

--- Page 51 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 39 - 
75-41049031 
 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM AND CASH FLOWS 
Set out below is a simplified structure diagram and description of the principal cash flows underlying the 
transaction. Potential investors are referred to the "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates" and the 
detailed descriptions of the relevant Transaction Documents and the Corporate Services Agreement set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus for a fuller description of certain cash flows and for an explanation of 
the meaning of certain capitalised terms used below. 
Structure Diagram 
 
Cash Flows 
Payments by the Certificateholders and the Trustee 
The Trustee and QIB will enter into an amended and restated sale and purchase agreement on 13 February 
2023 (the "Master Wakala Purchase Agreement") and, on the issue date of the first Tranche of any Series 
of Certificates (each, an "Issue Date"), the relevant Certificateholders will pay the issue price to the Trustee 
and, in accordance with the terms of the Master Wakala Purchase Agreement, the Trustee will enter into a 
supplemental purchase contract (a "Supplemental Purchase Contract") with QIB pursuant to which the 
Trustee shall, using a proportion of the proceeds of a Series of Certificates (the "Proceeds") (such 
proportion comprising all of the Proceeds in the case of a Wakala Series), purchase from QIB, real estate 
assets located in a Designated Area and in relation to which QIB or any person as agent on its behalf has 
entered into ijara contracts ("Real Estate Ijara Contracts") (including any ancillary rights under such 
contracts) ("Wakala Real Estate Ijara Assets"), non-real estate assets, excluding any Vehicle Financing 
Assets, in relation to which QIB or any person as agent on its behalf has entered into ijara contracts ("Non-
Real Estate Ijara Contracts") (including any ancillary rights under such Non-Real Estate Ijara Contracts) 
("Wakala Non-Real Estate Ijara Assets"), any tangible Shari'a-compliant assets other than Tangible 
Sukuk, Real Estate Ijara Asset or a Non-Real Estate Ijara Asset originated, held or owned by QIB, including 
the income generated therefrom and any agreements or documents in relation thereto ("Shari'a-Compliant 
Assets") (excluding any Vehicle Financing Asset, equity security and any real estate asset not located in a 
Designated Area) and Sukuk certificates which are tradable in accordance with AAOIFI Shari'a Standards, 
as interpreted by the Shari'a Board ("Tangible Sukuk") (each such asset an "Initial Wakala Asset" and 
the portfolio of such assets being the "Initial Wakala Portfolio" and in respect of an additional Tranche of 
Certificates each such asset an "Additional Wakala Asset" and the portfolio of such assets being the 
"Additional Wakala Portfolio", and following the Issue Date of a Series, together with any Eligible

--- Page 52 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 40 - 
75-41049031 
 
Wakala Asset which may have been substituted for any Initial Wakala Asset or any Additional Wakala 
Asset in accordance with the Service Agency Agreement, the Master Wakala Purchase Agreement, each 
relevant Supplemental Purchase Contract and the Wakala Asset Substitution Undertaking Deed, the 
"Wakala Portfolio" and each asset comprising the Wakala Portfolio, a "Wakala Asset"). For these 
purposes, "Designated Area" means: (a) the 25 investment areas in the State of Qatar where, pursuant to 
the Cabinet Resolution No. (28) of 2020, as may be amended or supplemented from time to time, a non-
Qatari person may have a right of ownership or own a renewable 99 year usufruct right over the relevant 
real estate; and (b) any other real estate in the State of Qatar, from time to time, in respect of which the 
Trustee may own freehold title or a usufruct right under the laws of the State of Qatar. "Vehicle Financing 
Asset" means an asset comprising a vehicle which, pursuant to Law No. (19) of 2007 as amended by Qatar 
Law No. (16) of 2015, may not be registered in the name of a foreign entity and includes the rights in 
respect of any financing of such vehicle. 
The Trustee shall appoint QIB as its service agent (the "Service Agent") to service the Wakala Portfolio in 
respect of each Series under, and in accordance with the terms of, an amended and restated service agency 
agreement to be entered into on 13 February 2023 between the Trustee and QIB (the "Service Agency 
Agreement"). Under the Service Agency Agreement, the Service Agent shall be obliged, in accordance 
with a services schedule (the "Wakala Services Schedule"), to service the Wakala Portfolio through the 
provision of certain services including, but not limited to, ensuring timely receipt of all revenues from each 
Wakala Asset (the "Wakala Portfolio Revenues"), collecting or enforcing the collection of such Wakala 
Portfolio Revenues and using its reasonable endeavours to apply such Wakala Portfolio Revenues in the 
nature of capital or principal payments in respect of the relevant Wakala Assets (including fixed rentals (in 
the case of Ijara Assets)) (the "Wakala Portfolio Principal Revenues") in acquiring further Eligible 
Wakala Assets from QIB to the extent necessary to maintain the Tangibility Ratio. Pursuant to the terms of 
the Service Agency Agreement, the Service Agent shall be obliged to maintain separate ledgers in the 
Collection Account to record: (1) any amount of Wakala Portfolio Principal Revenues received in respect 
of the Wakala Portfolio; (2) the amount of Wakala Portfolio Revenues that are not Wakala Portfolio 
Principal Revenues ("Wakala Portfolio Income Revenues"); and (3) any amount of Wakala Portfolio 
Income Revenues remaining after deducting amounts payable to the Trustee on any given Periodic 
Distribution Date. 
The Trustee and QIB will also enter into a master restricted mudaraba agreement on 13 February 2023 
("Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement") (as the same will be supplemented, on the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of any Wakala/Mudaraba Series, by an individual restricted mudaraba contract (each a 
"Restricted Mudaraba Contract")) with QIB as the mudarib (the "Mudarib"), pursuant to which, in 
relation to any Wakala/Mudaraba Series, the Trustee (as "Rabb-al-Maal") will deposit the remainder of 
the Proceeds, as a capital contribution (the "Mudaraba Capital") into a ledger account maintained by the 
Rabb-al-Maal with the Mudarib (the "Mudaraba Account") for investment pursuant to a restricted 
mudaraba arrangement (a "Restricted Mudaraba") in accordance with an investment plan (the 
"Mudaraba Investment Plan") contained in the applicable Restricted Mudaraba Contract. On the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of any Wakala/Mudaraba Series, the Mudarib will enter into a sale and purchase 
agreement with QIB pursuant to which it will purchase from QIB an ownership interest in a portfolio of 
Real Estate Ijara Assets in relation to which QIB has entered into Real Estate Ijara Contracts (including any 
ancillary rights under such contracts) ("Mudaraba Real Estate Ijara Assets"), Non-Real Estate Ijara 
Assets (including any asset relating to vehicle financings) in relation to which QIB has entered into Non-
Real Estate Ijara Contracts (including any ancillary rights under such contracts) ("Mudaraba Non-Real 
Estate Ijara Assets" and together with Wakala Non-Real Estate Ijara Assets, Mudaraba Real Estate Ijara 
Assets and Wakala Real Estate Ijara Assets, "Ijara Assets"), Shari'a-Compliant Assets other than 
Mudaraba Non-Real Estate Ijara Assets, Mudaraba Real Estate Ijara Assets and Tangible Sukuk (such 
assets being the "Initial Mudaraba Assets", and the portfolio of such assets being the "Initial Mudaraba 
Portfolio" and in respect of an additional Tranche of any Wakala/Mudaraba Series each such asset an 
"Additional Mudaraba Asset" and the portfolio of such assets being the "Additional Mudaraba 
Portfolio", and following the Issue Date of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series, together with any Eligible 
Mudaraba Asset substituted for any Initial Mudaraba Asset or any Additional Mudaraba Asset, the 
"Mudaraba Portfolio" and each asset comprising the Mudaraba Portfolio, a "Mudaraba Asset"). 
The Wakala Assets and the Mudaraba Assets (if any) together constitute the "Sukuk Assets". The Sukuk 
Assets, together with any other assets in the relevant Trust, constitute the "Trust Assets" for the relevant 
Series.

--- Page 53 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 41 - 
75-41049031 
 
Under the terms of the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement, in relation to each Restricted Mudaraba 
entered into in connection with a Wakala/Mudaraba Series, the Mudarib shall be obliged, among other 
things, to ensure that the Mudaraba Capital is invested in accordance with the terms of the Master Restricted 
Mudaraba Agreement, the Restricted Mudaraba Contract and the related Mudaraba Investment Plan, to 
monitor, subject to, and in accordance with its usual and standard practices from time to time, on a monthly 
basis the Value and the income generating properties of the relevant Mudaraba Assets and use its best 
endeavours to manage the Mudaraba Portfolio such that the Value of the relevant Mudaraba Portfolio is, 
on the Business Day immediately before the relevant Dissolution Date, equal to or greater than the 
Mudaraba Capital. The Mudarib shall, to the extent possible, reinvest all revenues from the Mudaraba 
Portfolio in the nature of principal and insurance (including fixed rentals (in the case of Ijara Assets)) (the 
"Mudaraba Portfolio Principal Revenues") in Eligible Mudaraba Assets, in each case in accordance with 
the terms of the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement, the relevant Restricted Mudaraba Contract and 
the related Mudaraba Investment Plan, provided that the Value of such further Eligible Mudaraba Assets 
is not less than the consideration given for, the purchase price of or the amounts otherwise applied in the 
acquisition of such assets. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement, 
the Mudarib shall be obliged to maintain separate ledgers to record: (1) any amount of Mudaraba Portfolio 
Principal Revenues received in respect of the relevant Restricted Mudaraba; (2) the amount of Mudaraba 
Profit received in respect of the Mudaraba Portfolio which is payable to the Rabb-al-Maal; and (3) any 
amounts of Mudaraba Profit remaining after deducting amounts payable to the Rabb-al-Maal. 
The Trustee will be under an obligation to invest a proportion of the Proceeds of each Series in a Wakala 
Portfolio in accordance with the terms of the Master Wakala Purchase Agreement and the relevant 
Supplemental Purchase Contract (such proportion comprising all of the proceeds in the case of a Wakala 
Series). 
The Trustee will, pursuant to the Master Declaration of Trust (as the same will be supplemented, on the 
occasion of the issue of each Series of Certificates, by a Supplemental Declaration of Trust), declare a Trust 
over, inter alia, the Proceeds for each Series in favour of the relevant Certificateholders. In the case of any 
subsequent Tranche of Certificates of a Series, the relevant Certificateholders will pay the issue price (as 
set out in the applicable Final Terms) in respect of the issuance of additional Certificates to the Trustee, 
and the Trustee will use such proceeds to: (i) purchase from QIB the relevant Additional Portfolio pursuant 
to the terms of the Master Wakala Purchase Agreement; and (ii) if applicable, increase the Mudaraba Capital 
pursuant to the terms of the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement. 
The Assets which comprise the portfolio from time to time are together referred to in this Base Prospectus 
as the "Portfolio". The Service Agent will be appointed as service agent to service each Portfolio under the 
terms of the Service Agency Agreement. 
Periodic Distribution Payments 
Prior to each Periodic Distribution Date: (a) in the case of Wakala/Mudaraba Series only, payments in 
respect, or on account, of any Mudaraba Profit will: (i) first be allocated and, in the case of any interest of 
QIB, distributed on a pro rata basis in accordance with any respective ownership interests of QIB and the 
Mudaraba in the Mudaraba Portfolio; and (ii) following such initial allocation and distribution be allocated 
by the Mudarib in respect of the Mudarib's and the Rabb-al-Maal's respective interest in the Mudaraba 
Profit in accordance with the profit sharing ratio set out in the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement; and 
(b) the Service Agent will pay to the Trustee amounts representing the Wakala Portfolio Income Revenues 
in respect of the Wakala Portfolio, which, in aggregate, are intended to be sufficient to fund the Periodic 
Distribution Amounts payable by the Trustee under the Certificates. 
Redemption of the Certificates 
On maturity of a Series or the occurrence of a Dissolution Event or a Tangibility Event: 
(a) 
pursuant to an amended and restated purchase undertaking deed to be executed by QIB in favour 
of the Trustee and the Delegate on 13 February 2023 (the "Purchase Undertaking Deed"), the 
Trustee (or, prior thereto following the occurrence of a Dissolution Event or a Tangibility Event, 
the Delegate), may exercise its rights under the relevant Purchase Undertaking and require QIB to 
purchase from the Trustee, by way of assignment and transfer, the relevant Wakala Assets or the 
Tangibility Event Wakala Assets, at the relevant Exercise Price or Tangibility Event Exercise Price 
(as applicable);

--- Page 54 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 42 - 
75-41049031 
 
(b) 
in the case of Wakala/Mudaraba Series only, pursuant to the Master Restricted Mudaraba 
Agreement, the relevant Restricted Mudaraba will be liquidated and the Mudarib will distribute to 
the Rabb-al-Maal the Final Liquidation Proceeds or the Tangibility Event Liquidation Proceeds (as 
applicable); and 
(c) 
pursuant to the Service Agency Agreement, the Service Agent will pay to the Trustee the amount 
of any Wakala Portfolio Principal Revenues held by the Service Agent in relation to the relevant 
Series that have not at the relevant time been invested in Eligible Wakala Assets by crediting such 
amounts into the Transaction Account. 
QIB may, in the event of certain tax gross-ups being required or, in the event that QIB exercises a call 
option in relation to a Series (the "Optional Dissolution Right") (if applicable to the relevant Series), or 
following the exercise of a Clean Up (Call) Right: 
(a) 
pursuant to an amended and restated sale undertaking deed to be executed by the Trustee in favour 
of QIB dated 13 February 2023 (the "Sale Undertaking Deed"), exercise its rights under the 
relevant Sale Undertaking to require the Trustee to sell and transfer the relevant Wakala Assets to 
QIB at the relevant Exercise Price; 
(b) 
in the case of Wakala/Mudaraba Series only, liquidate the relevant Restricted Mudaraba and 
distribute the Final Liquidation Proceeds; and 
(c) 
pursuant to the Service Agency Agreement, the Service Agent will pay to the Trustee the amount 
of any Wakala Portfolio Principal Revenues held by the Service Agent in relation to the relevant 
Series that have not at the relevant time been invested in Eligible Wakala Assets by crediting such 
amounts into the Transaction Account. 
Cancellation of Certificates held by QIB and/or any of its subsidiaries 
Pursuant to the Conditions, QIB and/or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Certificates in the 
open market or otherwise. If QIB wishes to cancel such Certificates purchased by it and/or any of its 
subsidiaries, QIB may, in accordance with the terms of the Redemption Undertaking Deed, deliver a 
cancellation notice to the Trustee requiring it to cancel any relevant Certificates identified to it by QIB 
and/or any of its subsidiaries and to transfer on any Cancellation Date the Wakala Assets specified by QIB 
in its sole and absolute discretion in the relevant Cancellation Notice, together with all of the Trustee's 
rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements in and to the Wakala Assets (the "Cancellation Wakala 
Assets"), the Value of which shall be no greater than the Wakala Percentage of the aggregate outstanding 
face amount of the Cancellation Certificates. Upon receipt by the Trustee of a Cancellation Notice, the 
Trustee acknowledges and agrees that, in the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series only, the Mudarib shall 
transfer on the relevant Cancellation Date to QIB such Mudaraba Assets as selected by the Mudarib in its 
sole and absolute discretion ("Cancellation Mudaraba Assets"), provided that the aggregate Value of 
such Cancellation Mudaraba Assets shall be no greater than the Mudaraba Percentage of the aggregate face 
amount of the Cancellation Certificates.

--- Page 55 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 43 - 
75-41049031 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
The following are the terms and conditions of the Certificates which will be incorporated by reference into 
each Global Certificate and Definitive Certificate, in the case of Definitive Certificates only if permitted by 
the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Trustee and QIB at the 
time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, each Definitive Certificate will have endorsed thereon or 
attached thereto such terms and conditions. The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche may 
specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with 
the following terms and conditions, replace or modify the following terms and conditions for the purpose 
of such Certificates. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, 
or attached to, each Global Certificate and Definitive Certificate. Reference should be made to "Applicable 
Final Terms" for a description of the content of the Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are 
to apply in relation to the relevant Certificates. 
QIB Sukuk Ltd. (in its capacity as issuer and in its capacity as trustee, the "Trustee") has established a 
programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of trust certificates (the "Certificates" and each a 
"Certificate") in a maximum aggregate face amount of U.S.$5,000,000,000 as may be increased in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement (as defined below). 
Certificates issued under the Programme are issued in series (each series of Certificates being a "Series"). 
The final terms for a Certificate (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the applicable 
Final Terms attached to the relevant Supplemental Declaration of Trust and incorporated or endorsed on a 
Certificate which supplement and amend these terms and conditions (the "Conditions") and may specify 
other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the 
Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of each Series. References to the applicable 
"Final Terms" are to the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to the relevant 
Supplemental Declaration of Trust and incorporated or endorsed on each Certificate. 
Each Certificate will represent an undivided ownership interest in the relevant Trust Assets (as defined 
below) held on trust by the Trustee (the "Trust") for the holders of such Certificates pursuant to: (i) an 
amended and restated master declaration of trust (the "Master Declaration of Trust") to be dated 13 
February 2023 and to be entered into by the Trustee, Qatar Islamic Bank (Q.P.S.C.) ("QIB") and Deutsche 
Trustee Company Limited in its capacity as donee of certain powers and as the Trustee's delegate (the 
"Delegate"); and (ii) a supplemental declaration of trust in respect of the relevant Tranche (the 
"Supplemental Declaration of Trust") to be entered into by the same parties having the details set out in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
The Certificates of each Series shall form a separate series and these Conditions shall apply mutatis 
mutandis separately and independently to the Certificates of each Series and, in these Conditions, the 
expressions "Certificates", "Certificateholders" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
In these Conditions, references to "Certificates" shall be references to the Certificates (whether in global 
form as a global Certificate (a "Global Certificate") or in definitive form as definitive Certificates (each a 
"Definitive Certificate")) which are the subject of the applicable Final Terms. 
These Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Master 
Declaration of Trust as supplemented by each relevant Supplemental Declaration of Trust and the other 
Transaction Documents. Payments relating to the Certificates will be made pursuant to an amended and 
restated agency agreement to be dated 13 February 2023 (the "Agency Agreement") made between, inter 
alios, the Trustee, the Delegate, QIB, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as principal paying agent (in 
such capacity, the "Principal Paying Agent") and calculation agent (together with any further or other 
calculation agents appointed from time to time in respect of the Certificates, in such capacity, the 
"Calculation Agent"), Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as transfer agent (together with any further or 
other transfer agents appointed from time to time in respect of the Certificates, in such capacity, the 
"Transfer Agent") and as principal registrar (in such capacity, the "Principal Registrar") and Deutsche 
Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch as CMU lodging and paying agent (in such capacity, the "CMU Lodging 
and Paying Agent", and, together with the Principal Paying Agent and any further or other paying agents 
appointed from time to time in respect of the Certificates, the "Paying Agents") and CMU registrar (in 
such capacity, the "CMU Registrar", and together with the Principal Registrar, the "Registrars" and each 
a "Registrar"). The Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Registrar and the Transfer Agent are

--- Page 56 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 44 - 
75-41049031 
 
together referred to in these Conditions as the "Agents". References to the Agents or any of them shall 
include their successors. 
The Certificateholders of a Tranche are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have 
notice of the following documents, copies of which are available for inspection during usual business hours 
at the principal business office of the Trustee (presently at P.O. Box 1093, Boundary Hall, Grand Cayman, 
KY1-1102, Cayman Islands) and at the specified offices of the Paying Agents (or upon receipt of 
satisfactory proof of holding, delivered via email): 
(a) 
(in the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series only) an amended and restated master restricted 
mudaraba agreement dated 13 February 2023 between, inter alios, the Trustee (in its capacity as 
the Rabb-al-Maal, the "Rabb-al-Maal") and QIB (in its capacity as the Mudarib, the "Mudarib") 
(the "Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement") and the restricted mudaraba contract entered 
into in respect of such Tranche (each a "Restricted Mudaraba Contract"); 
(b) 
an amended and restated service agency agreement dated 13 February 2023 between, inter alios, 
the Trustee and QIB (in its capacity as the service agent, the "Service Agent") (the "Service 
Agency Agreement"); 
(c) 
an amended and restated master wakala purchase agreement dated 13 February 2023 between, inter 
alios, the Trustee and QIB (the "Master Wakala Purchase Agreement") and the supplemental 
purchase contract entered into in respect of such Tranche (each a "Supplemental Purchase 
Contract"); 
(d) 
an amended and restated purchase undertaking deed dated 13 February 2023 executed by QIB in 
favour of the Trustee and the Delegate (the "Purchase Undertaking Deed") containing the form 
of sale agreement (a "Sale Agreement") to be entered into in the circumstances set out in the 
Purchase Undertaking Deed; 
(e) 
an amended and restated sale undertaking deed dated 13 February 2023 executed by the Trustee in 
favour of QIB (the "Sale Undertaking Deed") containing the form of sale agreement to be entered 
into in the circumstances set out in the Sale Undertaking Deed; 
(f) 
an amended and restated redemption undertaking deed dated 13 February 2023 executed by the 
Trustee in favour of QIB (the "Redemption Undertaking Deed"); 
(g) 
an amended and restated wakala asset substitution undertaking deed dated 13 February 2023 
executed by the Trustee in favour of QIB (the "Wakala Asset Substitution Undertaking Deed"); 
(h) 
the Master Declaration of Trust and the applicable Supplemental Declaration of Trust entered into 
in respect of such Tranche; 
(i) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(j) 
an amended and restated corporate services agreement entered into on 8 November 2021 between 
MaplesFS Limited (as provider of corporate services to the Trustee) and the Trustee (the 
"Corporate Services Agreement"); and 
(k) 
in respect of each Tranche, the applicable Final Terms, 
as each may be amended and restated and/or supplemented from time to time. 
The statements contained in these Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Master Declaration of Trust as supplemented by the applicable Supplemental Declaration 
of Trust and the Agency Agreement. 
Each Certificateholder, by its acquisition and holding of its interest in a Certificate, shall be deemed, in 
respect of each Tranche, to authorise and direct the Trustee on behalf of the Certificateholders, to: (a) 
purchase the Wakala Assets and enter into the Service Agency Agreement with the Service Agent in respect 
thereof; (b) (in the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series only) invest, as Rabb-al-Maal, with the Mudarib in 
the Mudaraba Portfolio in accordance with the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement; and (c) enter into 
each other Transaction Document to which it is a party, subject to the terms and conditions of the Master

--- Page 57 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 45 - 
75-41049031 
 
Declaration of Trust as supplemented by the relevant Supplemental Declaration of Trust and these 
Conditions. 
1. 
Interpretation 
Words and expressions defined in the Master Declaration of Trust as supplemented by any relevant 
Supplemental Declaration of Trust and the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of any inconsistency between 
any such document and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. In 
addition, in these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Accountholder" means each person who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU as entitled to a particular face amount of the Certificates 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or the CMU as to the face amount of such Certificates standing to the account of any person shall 
be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error); 
"Accrual Period" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(c) (Fixed Periodic Distribution 
Provisions – Determination of Periodic Distribution Amount); 
"Additional Mudaraba Asset" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) (Trust – Summary of 
the Trust); 
"Additional Mudaraba Portfolio" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) (Trust – Summary 
of the Trust); 
"Additional Wakala Asset" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) (Trust – Summary of 
the Trust); 
"Additional Wakala Portfolio" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) (Trust – Summary 
of the Trust); 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Trustee and QIB) or the Trustee and QIB (as applicable) determine is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, 
to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Certificateholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
(b) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in 
the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with 
the Trustee and QIB) or the Trustee and QIB (as applicable) determine is recognised or 
acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets 
transactions which reference the relevant Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(c) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent 
Adviser (in consultation with the Trustee and QIB) or the Trustee and QIB in their 
discretion (as applicable) determine is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the relevant 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be); or 
(d) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent 
Adviser (in consultation with the Trustee and QIB) or the Trustee and QIB in their

--- Page 58 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 46 - 
75-41049031 
 
discretion (as applicable) determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) to be appropriate; 
"Asset Contract" means an Ijara Contract and/or other contracts, agreements and/or documents 
evidencing or otherwise related to or associated with a Wakala Asset and forming part of the 
Wakala Portfolio, as the case may be; 
"Asset Obligor" means the entity or entities obliged to make payments in respect of a Wakala 
Asset forming part of the Wakala Portfolio in accordance with applicable laws and the terms of 
such Wakala Asset (as applicable); 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if 
available) that the Independent Adviser (in consultation with QIB) or QIB, as applicable, 
determines is customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes 
of determining rates of profit in respect of Certificates denominated in the same Specified Currency 
and of a comparable duration to the relevant Return Accumulation Period or, if the Independent 
Adviser (in consultation with QIB) or QIB (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, 
such other rate as the Independent Adviser (in consultation with QIB) or QIB, as applicable, 
determines in its discretion is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Event" means (i) the Reference Rate ceases to be published or ceases to exist; (ii) a 
public statement by the administrator of the Reference Rate that it will, by a specified future date 
within the following six months, cease publishing the Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Reference Rate); (iii) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Reference Rate that the Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date within 
the following six months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; (iv) a public statement by 
the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate that means the Reference Rate will, by a 
specified future date within the following six months, be prohibited from being used or that its use 
will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; (v) a public statement by the supervisor of 
the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that, in the view of such supervisor such Reference 
Rate is or will, by a specified future date within the following six months, be no longer 
representative of an underlying market, and such representativeness will not be restored (as 
determined by such supervisor); or (vi) it has become unlawful to calculate any payments due to 
be made to any Certificateholder using the Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under 
the Benchmark Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 and/or Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as 
applicable), if applicable); 
"Broken Amount" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Business Day" has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b) (Floating Periodic Distribution 
Provisions – Periodic Distribution Amount); 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
applicable Final Terms and, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, may have different 
meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the 
following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding

--- Page 59 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 47 - 
75-41049031 
 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Calculation Date" means the Business Day immediately preceding a Dissolution Date; 
"Cancellation Certificates" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) (Trust – Summary of the 
Trust); 
"Cancellation Mudaraba Assets" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) (Trust – Summary 
of the Trust); 
"Cancellation Notice" means a cancellation notice in substantially the form of schedule 6 (Form 
of Cancellation Notice) to the Master Declaration of Trust; 
"Cancellation Wakala Assets" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) (Trust – Summary of 
the Trust); 
"Certificateholder" means a person in whose name a Certificate is registered in the Register (or 
in the case of joint holders, the first named thereof) save that, for so long as the Certificates of any 
Tranche are represented by a Global Certificate, each Accountholder shall be deemed to be the 
Certificateholder in respect of the aggregate face amount of such Certificates standing to its account 
in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU, as the case may be, for the 
purposes hereof other than for the purpose of payments in respect thereof, the right to which shall 
be vested, as against the Trustee, solely in the registered holder of such Global Certificate in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the Master Declaration of Trust as supplemented by 
the relevant Supplemental Declaration of Trust and such Global Certificates, and the expressions 
"holder" and "holder of Certificates" and related expressions shall (where appropriate) be 
construed accordingly; 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" has the meaning given to it in Condition 2(a) (Form, Denomination 
and Title – Form and Denomination); 
"CMU" means the Central Moneymarkets Unit Service, operated by the HKMA; 
"Collection Account" means, in relation to each Series, the separate non-profit bearing ledger 
account maintained on the books of the Service Agent in accordance with the provisions of the 
Service Agency Agreement to record Wakala Asset Income Revenue received in respect of the 
Wakala Portfolio relating to such Series; 
"Day Count Faction" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(c) (Fixed Periodic Distribution 
Provisions – Determination of Periodic Distribution Amount) (if the Fixed Periodic Distribution 
provisions are applicable) or Condition 9(g) (Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions –

--- Page 60 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 48 - 
75-41049031 
 
Calculation of Periodic Distribution Amount) (if the Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions are 
applicable); 
"Delegation" has the meaning given to it in Condition 20 (The Delegate); 
"Designated Area" means: (a) the 25 investment areas in the State of Qatar where, pursuant to the 
Cabinet Resolution No. (28) of 2020, as may be amended or supplemented from time to time, a 
non-Qatari person may have a right of ownership or own a renewable 99 year usufruct right over 
the relevant real estate; and (b) any other real estate in the State of Qatar, from time to time, in 
respect of which the Trustee may own freehold title or a usufruct right under the laws of the State 
of Qatar; 
"Determination Date" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Return Accrual 
Commencement Date or the final Periodic Distribution Date is not a Determination Date, the period 
commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date 
falling after, such date); 
"Dispute" has the meaning given to it in Condition 23 (Governing Law and Dispute Resolution); 
"Dissolution Amount" means, in relation to a particular Series, either: 
(a) 
the sum of: 
(i) 
the outstanding face amount of such Series; and 
(ii) 
any due but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts for such Series; or 
(b) 
such other amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as being payable upon 
dissolution of the relevant Series; or 
(c) 
the Tangibility Event Redemption Amount; 
"Dissolution Date" means, in relation to a particular Series, either: 
(a) 
the Scheduled Dissolution Date; 
(b) 
the Tax Redemption Date; 
(c) 
if an Optional Dissolution Right is applicable to the relevant Series, the Optional 
Dissolution Date; 
(d) 
the Tangibility Event Redemption Date (only to the extent that all Certificates of a 
particular Series are being redeemed as a result of a Tangibility Event); 
(e) 
any Clean Up Call Dissolution Date; or 
(f) 
the Dissolution Event Redemption Date; 
"Dissolution Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 15 (Dissolution Events); 
"Dissolution Event Redemption Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 15 (Dissolution 
Events); 
"Dissolution Request" has the meaning given to it in Condition 15 (Dissolution Events); 
"Early Dissolution Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Certificate, the Dissolution Amount 
or such other amount specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Eligible Mudaraba Asset" means a Mudaraba Real Estate Ijara Asset, Mudaraba Non-Real 
Estate Ijara Asset, Tangible Sukuk any other Shari'a-Compliant Asset that has associated with it

--- Page 61 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 49 - 
75-41049031 
 
an underlying tangible asset which has a Fair Market Value at all times equal to or greater than its 
Value and provided that: 
(a) 
in the case of a Mudaraba Real Estate Ijara Asset or a Mudaraba Non-Real Estate Ijara 
Asset, it is an asset: 
(i) 
in respect of which QIB is entitled to receive payments due to it in respect of the 
Ijara Contract related to such Ijara Asset; 
(ii) 
in respect of which no party to the related Ijara Contract is in breach of its payment 
obligations under that Ijara Contract or any documents associated with that Ijara 
Contract; 
(iii) 
that has been originated or is held or owned by QIB in a manner consistent with 
its usual credit and origination policies; 
(iv) 
that constitutes legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the obligor 
under the related Ijara Contract in the jurisdiction in which such obligor is located 
and the jurisdiction in which any related asset is located; 
(v) 
in respect of which there has not occurred any acceleration, total loss, 
expropriation or analogous event; and 
(vi) 
in respect of which the Value of such Ijara Asset is not less than the value of the 
consideration given for such Ijara Asset as at the date upon which the relevant 
Ijara Asset becomes part of the Mudaraba Portfolio; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Shari'a-Compliant Asset (which is not an Ijara Asset), it is an asset in 
respect of which the Value of such Shari'a-Compliant Asset (which is not an Ijara Asset), 
is not less than the value of the consideration given for such Shari'a-Compliant Asset 
(which is not an Ijara Asset), as at the date the Shari'a-Compliant Asset (which is not an 
Ijara Asset) becomes part of the Mudaraba Portfolio; 
"Eligible Wakala Asset" means, in respect of each Tranche, an Income Generating Asset: 
(i) 
which has been originated or is held or owned by the Seller in a manner consistent 
with its usual credit and origination policies; 
(ii) 
which constitutes legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the Asset 
Obligor thereof in the jurisdiction in which such Asset Obligor is located and the 
jurisdiction in which any related asset is located; 
(iii) 
in respect of which the relevant obligor is not in breach of its payment obligations 
under any documents associated with that Income Generating Asset and/or the 
relevant Asset Contract; 
(iv) 
in respect of which the Seller is entitled to receive all payments due to it in respect 
of such Income Generating Asset and/or the relevant Asset Contract; 
(v) 
in respect of which there has not occurred any acceleration, total loss, 
expropriation or analogous event; and 
(vi) 
which, in the case of a Real Estate Ijara Asset only, is located in a Designated 
Area and is capable of being sold and transferred to the Purchaser by the Seller in 
accordance with its own terms and the terms set out in the Master Wakala 
Purchase Agreement and all applicable laws; 
"Euroclear" has the meaning given to it in Condition 2(a) (Form, Denomination and Title – Form 
and Denomination); 
"Exercise Notice" means (as the context requires) an exercise notice delivered or to be delivered 
in connection with any Purchase Undertaking or Sale Undertaking;

--- Page 62 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 50 - 
75-41049031 
 
"Exercise Price" has the meaning given to it in the Purchase Undertaking Deed or the Sale 
Undertaking Deed (as applicable); 
"Expected Mudaraba Profit" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) (Trust – Summary of 
the Trust); 
"Expected Wakala Portfolio Income Revenues" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) 
(Trust – Summary of the Trust); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given to it in schedule 4 (Provisions for Meetings 
of Certificateholders) to the Master Declaration of Trust; 
"Fair Market Value" means, at any time, with respect to any Mudaraba Asset (including any 
Tangible Sukuk), the value as determined by the Mudarib (acting reasonably) in respect of a 
Mudaraba Asset (including any Tangible Sukuk), that would be paid for such Mudaraba Asset in 
an arm's length transaction between an independent, informed and willing seller under no 
compulsion to sell or otherwise dispose and an independent, informed and willing buyer under no 
compulsion to buy or otherwise acquire; 
"Final Liquidation Proceeds" has the meaning given to it in the Master Restricted Mudaraba 
Agreement; 
"First Mudaraba Income Distribution Date" has the meaning given to it in the relevant 
Restricted Mudaraba Contract; 
"First Periodic Distribution Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Amount" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(a) (Fixed 
Periodic Distribution Provisions – Application); 
"Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions" has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(a) 
(Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions – Application); 
"HKMA" means the Hong Kong Monetary Authority; 
"Ijara Asset" means a Non-Real Estate Ijara Asset or a Real Estate Ijara Asset, as applicable; 
"Ijara Contract" means a Non-Real Estate Ijara Contract or a Real Estate Ijara Contract, as 
applicable; 
"Income Generating Assets" means Ijara Assets, any Tangible Sukuk or Shari'a-Compliant 
Assets (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Vehicle Financing Asset, equity security and 
any real estate asset not located in a Designated Area) that has associated with it underlying 
tangible assets or asset portfolios, originated, held or owned by the Seller and including the income 
generated therefrom and any agreements or documents in relation to such assets; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with relevant experience, in each case appointed by QIB at its own 
expense under Condition 9(k) (Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions – Benchmark 
Replacement); 
"Initial Mudaraba Asset" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) (Trust – Summary of the 
Trust); 
"Initial Mudaraba Portfolio" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) (Trust – Summary of 
the Trust); 
"Initial Wakala Asset" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) (Trust – Summary of the 
Trust);

--- Page 63 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 51 - 
75-41049031 
 
"Initial Wakala Portfolio" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) (Trust – Summary of the 
Trust); 
"Intangible Sukuk Assets" means in relation to Tangible Sukuk, the intangible portion of such 
Tangible Sukuk that does not comprise the Tangible Sukuk Assets; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Issue Price" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Liability" means, in respect of any person, any actual loss, damage, cost, charge, award, claim, 
demand, expense, judgment, action, proceeding or other liability whatsoever and including any 
value added tax or similar tax charged or chargeable in respect of any sums referred to in this 
definition and legal or other fees and expenses on a full indemnity basis and references to 
"Liabilities" shall mean all of these; 
"Management Liabilities Amount" means, in respect of each Series, the amount of any claims, 
losses, costs and expenses properly incurred or suffered by the Service Agent in providing the 
Services, and any other payments made by the Service Agent on behalf of the Trustee, in all cases 
excluding the Liquidity Facility; 
"Margin" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Mudaraba Account" means the ledger account maintained by the Rabb-al-Maal with the 
Mudarib to give effect to the terms of the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement and for the 
investment of the Mudaraba Capital into Mudaraba Assets from time to time; 
"Mudaraba Asset" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) (Trust – Summary of the Trust); 
"Mudaraba Capital" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) (Trust – Summary of the Trust); 
"Mudaraba End Date" means, in relation to a Restricted Mudaraba Contract, the Dissolution Date 
of the Series to which such Restricted Mudaraba Contract relates, as specified in the Mudaraba 
Investment Plan for that Series; 
"Mudaraba Income Distribution Date" means, in relation to a Restricted Mudaraba Contract, 
during the period from the Issue Date to the Mudaraba End Date, the dates set out in such Restricted 
Mudaraba Contract for distribution of Mudaraba Profit, subject to, if applicable, adjustment in 
accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
"Mudaraba Income Distribution Period" means, in relation to a Restricted Mudaraba Contract, 
the period beginning on (and including) the Issue Date and ending on (but excluding) the First 
Mudaraba Income Distribution Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) a 
Mudaraba Income Distribution Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Mudaraba 
Income Distribution Date; 
"Mudaraba Investment Plan" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) (Trust – Summary of 
the Trust); 
"Mudaraba Non-Real Estate Ijara Asset" means a non-real estate asset (including any asset 
relating to vehicle financings) in relation to which QIB has entered into a Non-Real Estate Ijara 
Contract (including any ancillary rights under such contract); 
"Mudaraba Percentage" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) (Trust – Summary of the 
Trust); 
"Mudaraba Portfolio" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) (Trust – Summary of the 
Trust); 
"Mudaraba Portfolio Principal Revenues" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) (Trust 
– Summary of the Trust);

--- Page 64 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 52 - 
75-41049031 
 
"Mudaraba Profit" means, in relation to each Mudaraba Income Distribution Period, the profit (if 
any) earned from the investment of the Mudaraba Capital by the Mudarib, being an amount equal 
to all revenues received in respect of the Mudaraba Assets during such Mudaraba Income 
Distribution Period, minus the aggregate of: 
(a) 
the Mudaraba Portfolio Principal Revenues received during that Mudaraba Income 
Distribution Period; 
(b) 
any costs (consisting of direct costs and allocated costs) and/or provisions associated with 
the Mudaraba Assets during the Mudaraba Term; and 
(c) 
any Taxes incurred in connection with the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement or that 
Restricted Mudaraba Contract (including in connection with any transfer, sale or disposal 
of any Mudaraba Asset during the Mudaraba Term) but excluding the Mudarib's 
obligations (if any) to pay any Taxes or additional amounts under, or in connection with, 
Condition 12 (Taxation); 
"Mudaraba Real Estate Ijara Asset" means a real estate asset in relation to which QIB or any 
person as agent on its behalf has entered into a Real Estate Ijara Contract (including any ancillary 
rights under such contract); 
"Mudaraba Reserve Account" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(f) (Trust – Operation 
of Mudaraba Reserve Account); 
"Mudaraba Term" means, in relation to a Restricted Mudaraba Contract, the period commencing 
on the relevant Issue Date and ending on the Mudaraba End Date of that Restricted Mudaraba 
Contract; 
"Non-Real Estate Ijara Asset" means a Mudaraba Non-Real Estate Ijara Asset or a Wakala Non-
Real Estate Ijara Asset, as applicable; 
"Non-Real Estate Ijara Contract" means: (i) a lease ijara contract entered into by QIB or any 
person as agent on its behalf (the "Lessor") and a person (the "Lessee") pursuant to which the 
Lessor leases a non-real estate asset to the Lessee, and in respect of which payments are due from 
the Lessee to the Lessor; or (ii) any arrangement similar in economic effect to that described in 
subparagraph (i); 
"Optional Dissolution Date" means, in relation to the exercise of an Optional Dissolution Right, 
the date specified as such in the Exercise Notice delivered by QIB to the Trustee, which: 
(a) 
if the Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, must be a Periodic Distribution Date; and 
(b) 
must be not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in the applicable Final Terms after the date on which the Exercise Notice 
is delivered to the Trustee; 
"Optional Dissolution Right" means the right specified in Condition 11(c) (Capital Distributions 
of the Trust – Dissolution at the Option of QIB); 
"Payment Business Day" means a day on which banks in the relevant place of surrender of any 
Certificate are open for presentation and payment of registered securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and in the case of payment by transfer to an account, if the currency of payment is euro, 
a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on 
in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; or if the currency of payment is not euro, any day 
which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the principal financial 
centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Periodic Distribution Amount" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(b) (Fixed Periodic 
Distribution Provisions – Periodic Distribution Amount) or Condition 9(b) (Floating Periodic 
Distribution Provisions – Periodic Distribution Amount), as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 65 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 53 - 
75-41049031 
 
"Periodic Distribution Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d) (Fixed Periodic 
Distribution Provisions – Payment in Arrear) or Condition 9(b) (Floating Periodic Distribution 
Provisions – Periodic Distribution Amount); 
"Periodic Distribution Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate and Return 
Accumulation Period, the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified: 
(i) the first day of such Return Accumulation Period, if the Specified Currency is Sterling; (ii) the 
day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such 
Return Accumulation Period, if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro; or (iii) the day 
falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Return Accumulation Period, if 
the Specified Currency is euro; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
"Potential Dissolution Event" means any condition, event or act which, with the giving of notice, 
lapse of time, declaration, demand, determination or fulfilment of any other applicable condition 
(or any combination of the foregoing), would constitute a Dissolution Event; 
"Potential QIB Event" means any condition, event or act which, with the giving of notice, lapse 
of time, declaration, demand, determination or fulfilment of any other applicable condition (or any 
combination of the foregoing), would constitute a QIB Event; 
"Priority Amounts" means any amounts described in Condition 6(h)(i) and/or Condition 6(h)(ii); 
"Proceedings" has the meaning given to it in Condition 23 (Governing Law and Dispute 
Resolution); 
"Proceeds" means the proceeds of the issuance of a Tranche of Certificates; 
"Programme Agreement" means the programme agreement between the Trustee, QIB and the 
Dealers named therein dated the date of the Master Declaration of Trust; 
"Purchaser" means the Trustee in its capacity as purchaser under the Master Wakala Purchase 
Agreement; 
"QIB Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 15 (Dissolution Events); 
"Rate" means, in relation to a particular Tranche, the rate or rates (expressed as a per cent. per 
annum) as will be specified in the applicable Final Terms for such Tranche; 
"Rating Agency" means any of the following: (i) Fitch Ratings Ltd.; (ii) Standard & Poor's Credit 
Services Europe Limited; or (iii) any other rating agency of equivalent international standing 
specified from time to time by QIB and, in each case, their respective successors or affiliates; 
"Real Estate Ijara Asset" means a Mudaraba Real Estate Ijara Asset or a Wakala Real Estate Ijara 
Asset, as applicable; 
"Real Estate Ijara Contract" means: (i) a lease ijara contract entered into by QIB or any person 
as agent on its behalf (the "Lessor") and a person (the "Lessee") pursuant to which the Lessor 
leases a real estate asset to the Lessee, and in respect of which payments are due from the Lessee 
to the Lessor; or (ii) any arrangement similar in economic effect to that described in sub-paragraph 
(i), including, for the avoidance of doubt, a forward lease ijara contract where the relevant real 
estate asset has been delivered to, or to the order of, the lessee; 
"Record Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(a) (Payment – Payments in respect of 
Certificates);

--- Page 66 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 54 - 
75-41049031 
 
"Reference Rate" means one of the following benchmark rates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) in respect of the currency and period specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
Euro-Zone interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR"); 
(b) 
London interbank bid rate ("LIBID"); 
(c) 
London interbank mean rate ("LIMEAN"); 
(d) 
Shanghai interbank offered rate ("SHIBOR"); 
(e) 
Hong Kong interbank offered rate ("HIBOR"); 
(f) 
Singapore interbank offered rate ("SIBOR"); 
(g) 
Emirates interbank offered rate ("EIBOR"); 
(h) 
Saudi Arabia interbank offered rate ("SAIBOR"); 
(i) 
Australia Bank Bill Swap ("BBSW"); 
(j) 
Prague interbank offered rate ("PRIBOR"); 
(k) 
CNH Hong Kong interbank offered rate ("CNH HIBOR"); 
(l) 
Turkish Lira interbank offered rate ("TRLIBOR" or "TRYLIBOR"); 
(m) 
Tokyo interbank offered rate ("TIBOR"); 
(n) 
Mumbai interbank offered rate ("MIBOR"); 
(o) 
New Zealand bank bill benchmark ("BKBM"); 
(p) 
Kuala Lumpur interbank offered rate ("KLIBOR"); 
(q) 
Karachi interbank offered rate ("KIBOR"); and 
(r) 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"); 
"Register" has the meaning given to it in Condition 2(a) (Form, Denomination and Title – Form 
and Denomination); 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Certificates where Periodic Distribution Amounts are scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including the Return Accrual 
Commencement Date to but excluding the first Periodic Distribution Date and each 
successive period from and including one Periodic Distribution Date to but excluding the 
next Periodic Distribution Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Certificates where, apart from the first Return Accumulation Period, Periodic 
Distribution Amounts are scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next 
Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which 
any Periodic Distribution Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Certificates where, apart from one Return Accumulation Period other than 
the first Return Accumulation Period, Periodic Distribution Amounts are scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Periodic Distribution Date falls other 
than the Periodic Distribution Date falling at the end of the irregular Return Accumulation 
Period;

--- Page 67 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 55 - 
75-41049031 
 
"Relevant Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 12 (Taxation); 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" has the meaning given to it in Condition 12 (Taxation); 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(a) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which the reference rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of: 
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for 
the currency to which the reference rate relates; 
(ii) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the reference rate; 
(iii) 
a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities; 
(iv) 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any part thereof; or 
(v) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
"Relevant Powers" has the meaning given to it in Condition 20 (The Delegate); 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement page, section, 
caption, column or other part of a particular information service or such other information service, 
in each case, as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing 
there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate); 
"Required Amount" means, in relation to a Periodic Distribution Date, the aggregate of the 
amounts described in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) of Condition 6(h) (Trust – Application of 
Proceeds from Trust Assets) and, in relation to a Dissolution Date or Tangibility Event Redemption 
Date, the aggregate of the amounts described in paragraphs  (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) of Condition 6(h) 
(Trust – Application of Proceeds from Trust Assets); 
"Return Accumulation Period" means the period from (and including) a Periodic Distribution 
Date (or, in the case of the first Return Accumulation Period, the Issue Date) to (but excluding) the 
next (or, in the case of the first Return Accumulation Period, the first) Periodic Distribution Date; 
"Rules" has the meaning given to it in Condition 23 (Governing Law and Dispute Resolution); 
"Sale Agreement" means any sale agreement entered into in connection with the Purchase 
Undertaking Deed or the Sale Undertaking Deed; 
"Scheduled Dissolution Date" means, in respect of each Series, the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Screen Rate Determination" refers to the procedure specified in Condition 9(c) (Floating 
Periodic Distribution Provisions – Screen Rate Determination) as followed by the Calculation 
Agent in determining the Rate applicable to the Certificates for each Return Accumulation Period, 
where applicable; 
"Seller" means QIB in its capacity as seller under the Master Wakala Purchase Agreement; 
"Series" means a Tranche (as defined below) of Certificates together with any additional Tranche 
or Tranches of Certificates which: (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series; 
and (b) have the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of Periodic Distribution Amounts (as 
defined herein) thereon and the date from which Periodic Distribution Amounts start to accrue;

--- Page 68 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 56 - 
75-41049031 
 
"Services" means the services agreed to be provided by the Service Agent in accordance with the 
Wakala Services Schedule under and pursuant to the Service Agency Agreement; 
"Shari'a" means the AAOIFI Shari'a standards as interpreted by the Shari'a Board; 
"Shari'a Board" means the Shari'a Supervisory Board of QIB from time to time; 
"Shari'a-Compliant Asset" means a tangible Shari'a-compliant asset other than Tangible Sukuk, 
Real Estate Ijara Asset or a Non-Real Estate Ijara Asset originated, held or owned by QIB, 
including the income generated therefrom and any agreements or documents in relation thereto; 
"Shortfall" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(e) (Trust – Operation of Wakala Reserve 
Account); 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"sub-unit" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(c) (Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions 
– Determination of Periodic Distribution Amount); 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other 
Person (the "second Person"): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether 
by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"Successor Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if 
available) that the Independent Adviser or QIB (as applicable) determines is a successor to or 
replacement of the relevant Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; 
"Sukuk Assets" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) (Trust – Summary of the Trust); 
"Tangibility Event" means, at any time, the Tangibility Ratio falls below 33 per cent.; 
"Tangibility Event Certificates" has the meaning given to it in the Purchase Undertaking Deed; 
"Tangibility Event Exercise Price" means, in respect of each Tranche, the amount payable by 
QIB upon exercise by the Trustee of its rights under the Purchase Undertaking Deed which shall 
be an amount equal to: 
(a) 
an amount equal to the aggregate face amount of Tangibility Event Certificates for the 
relevant Tranche minus (in the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series only) any Tangibility 
Event Liquidation Proceeds held by the Trustee in the Transaction Account for the 
payment of the Tangibility Event Redemption Amount upon the date of exercise of the 
Purchase Undertaking Deed; plus 
(b) 
an amount equal to any accrued and unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts including any 
additional amounts payable by the Trustee pursuant to Condition 12 payable in respect of 
the Tangibility Event Certificates less any amounts held by the Trustee in the Transaction 
Account for the payment of such Periodic Distribution Amounts, in each case on the date 
on which the payment of the Tangibility Event Exercise Price is made pursuant to the 
Purchase Undertaking Deed; plus 
(c) 
in respect of the relevant Tangibility Event Certificates, an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
any amounts repayable but unpaid by the Trustee to the Service Agent under a 
Liquidity Facility; and

--- Page 69 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 57 - 
75-41049031 
 
(ii) 
without duplication or double counting, any Service Agent Liabilities Amounts 
and other Priority Amounts; 
"Tangibility Event Notice" means a notice in or substantially in the form set out the relevant 
schedule to the Service Agency Agreement, indicating that a Tangibility Event has occurred; 
"Tangibility Event Liquidation Proceeds" means, in relation to a Restricted Mudaraba Contract, 
the aggregate of: 
(a) 
an amount equal to the Value of the relevant proportion of the Mudaraba Portfolio 
corresponding to the relevant Tangibility Event Certificates on the relevant Tangibility 
Event Redemption Date; plus 
(b) 
the relevant proportion of the Mudaraba Portfolio Principal Revenues held by the Mudarib 
in relation to such Restricted Mudaraba Contract at the relevant time that have not yet been 
invested in further Eligible Mudaraba Assets; 
"Tangibility Event Put Right Period" shall be the period of 30 days commencing on the date that 
a Delisting Notice is given; 
"Tangibility Event Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Tangibility Event Redemption Date" shall be: (a) a date falling not less than 75 days following 
the expiry of the Tangibility Event Put Right Period; and (b) (if the Floating Periodic Distribution 
Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable) a Periodic Distribution 
Date; 
"Tangibility Event Wakala Assets" has the meaning given to it in the Purchase Undertaking 
Deed; 
"Tangibility Ratio" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Wakala Series, the ratio of: 
(i) 
the aggregate Value of the Wakala Assets comprising a Wakala Portfolio 
(excluding any Wakala Portfolio Principal Revenues and Intangible Sukuk Assets 
received in respect of such Wakala Portfolio and not used to acquire further assets 
in accordance with the terms of the Service Agency Agreement); to 
(ii) 
the aggregate of the Value of the Wakala Portfolio and any Wakala Portfolio 
Principal Revenues received in respect of such Wakala Portfolio and not used to 
acquire further assets in accordance with the terms of the Service Agency 
Agreement, expressed as a percentage; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series, the ratio of: 
(i) 
the aggregate of the Value of the Wakala Assets and the Mudaraba Assets 
(excluding any Wakala Portfolio Principal Revenues and Mudaraba Portfolio 
Principal Revenues received in respect of the Wakala Portfolio and the Mudaraba 
Portfolio, respectively, and not used to acquire further assets in accordance with 
the terms of the Service Agency Agreement and the Master Restricted Mudaraba 
Agreement, respectively, and Intangible Sukuk Assets comprising the Mudaraba 
Portfolio and/or the Wakala Portfolio, as applicable); to 
(ii) 
the aggregate of the Value of the Wakala Portfolio and Mudaraba Portfolio and 
any Wakala Portfolio Principal Revenues and Mudaraba Portfolio Principal 
Revenues received in respect of such Wakala Portfolio and Mudaraba Portfolio 
(as the case may be) and not used to acquire further assets in accordance with the 
terms of the Service Agency Agreement or the Master Restricted Mudaraba 
Agreement (as the case may be), expressed as a percentage;

--- Page 70 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 58 - 
75-41049031 
 
"Tangible Sukuk Asset" means, in relation to Tangible Sukuk, the portion of such Tangible Sukuk 
corresponding to the minimum tangibility requirement (expressed as a percentage) that: (i) is 
required to be satisfied during the tenor of such Tangible Sukuk post the issue date thereof; or (ii) 
if there is no such ongoing requirement, was required to be satisfied on the relevant issue date, in 
the case of each of (i) or (ii), as further detailed in the relevant legal documentation relating to such 
Tangible Sukuk (and if no such requirement is detailed in the relevant legal documentation relating 
to such Tangible Sukuk, as otherwise determined by the Shari'a Board); 
"Tangible Sukuk" means sukuk or trust certificates which are tradable in accordance with AAOIFI 
Shari'a Standards, as interpreted by the Shari'a Board; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer System (TARGET or TARGET 2) (the "TARGET System") 
is open; 
"Tax Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(b) (Capital Distributions of the Trust – 
Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons); 
"Tax Redemption Date" means the date specified as such in the Exercise Notice delivered by QIB 
to the Trustee and: 
(a) 
if the Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, must be a Periodic Distribution Date; and 
(b) 
must be not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in the applicable Final Terms after the date on which the Exercise Notice 
is delivered to the Trustee; 
"Taxes" has the meaning given to it in Condition 12 (Taxation); 
"Tranche" means Certificates which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading); 
"Transaction Account" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(c) (Trust – Operation of 
Transaction Account); 
"Transaction Documents" means, in relation to each Tranche, the Service Agency Agreement; 
the Master Wakala Purchase Agreement; each Supplemental Purchase Contract; the Purchase 
Undertaking Deed; the Sale Undertaking Deed; any Sale Agreement which may be entered into as 
a result of exercise of rights under the Purchase Undertaking Deed or the Sale Undertaking Deed; 
the Redemption Undertaking Deed; the Wakala Asset Substitution Undertaking Deed; the Master 
Declaration of Trust; each Supplemental Declaration of Trust; the Declaration of Commingling of 
Assets; the Agency Agreement; the relevant Certificates; and (in the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba 
Series only) the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement and the relevant Restricted Mudaraba 
Contract; 
"Transaction Party" means any person (other than QIB) which is or will become a party to any 
Asset Contract; 
"Trust Assets" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(b) (Trust – Trust Assets); 
"Trustee Administrator" means MaplesFS Limited; 
"Value" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Mudaraba Asset: 
(i) 
the amount in each case as determined by QIB on the relevant date as equal to: 
(A) 
in the case of an Ijara Asset, the aggregate of all outstanding fixed rental 
instalment amounts payable by the relevant Transaction Party to QIB in 
relation to such Ijara Asset; or

--- Page 71 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 59 - 
75-41049031 
 
(B) 
in respect of Tangible Sukuk (if any): 
(1) 
in the case of the Tangible Sukuk Assets comprising such 
Tangible Sukuk, the product of: (A) the outstanding face amount 
of such Tangible Sukuk; and (B) the minimum tangibility 
requirement (expressed as a percentage) that: (i) is required to 
be satisfied during the tenor of such Tangible Sukuk post the 
issue date thereof; or (ii) if there is no such ongoing requirement, 
was required to be satisfied on the relevant issue date of such 
Tangible Sukuk, in the case of each of (i) or (ii), as further 
detailed in the relevant legal documentation relating to such 
Tangible Sukuk (and if no such requirement is detailed in the 
relevant legal documentation relating to such Tangible Sukuk, 
as otherwise determined by the Shari'a Board); and 
(2) 
in the case of the Intangible Sukuk Assets (if any) comprising 
such Tangible Sukuk, the amount equal to: (i) the outstanding 
face amount of such Tangible Sukuk; less (ii) the aggregate 
amount calculated in accordance with (1) above; or 
(C) 
in the case of any other Shari'a-Compliant Asset (which is not an Ijara 
Asset or Tangible Sukuk), the outstanding face amount or principal value 
then outstanding of that Shari'a-Compliant Asset (which is not an Ijara 
Asset or Tangible Sukuk), as the case may be; and 
(ii) 
in respect of the relevant Mudaraba Portfolio, the aggregate of the amounts 
determined under (A), (B) and (C) in respect of the Mudaraba Assets comprising 
the Mudaraba Portfolio; and 
(b) 
in respect of any Wakala Asset: 
(i) 
the amount determined on the relevant date as: 
(A) 
in the case of an Ijara Asset the aggregate of all outstanding fixed rental 
instalment amounts payable by the relevant Transaction Party to QIB in 
relation to such Ijara Asset; 
(B) 
in respect of Tangible Sukuk (if any): 
(1) 
in the case of the Tangible Sukuk Assets comprising such 
Tangible Sukuk, the product of: (A) the outstanding face amount 
of such Tangible Sukuk; and (B) the minimum tangibility 
requirement (expressed as a percentage) that: (i) is required to 
be satisfied during the tenor of such Tangible Sukuk post the 
issue date thereof; or (ii) if there is no such ongoing requirement, 
was required to be satisfied on the relevant issue date of such 
Tangible Sukuk, in the case of each of (i) or (ii), as further 
detailed in the relevant legal documentation relating to such 
Tangible Sukuk(and if no such requirement is detailed in the 
relevant legal documentation relating to such Tangible Sukuk, 
as otherwise determined by the Shari'a Board); and 
(2) 
in the case of the Intangible Sukuk Assets (if any) comprising 
such Tangible Sukuk, the amount equal to: (i) the outstanding 
face amount of such Tangible Sukuk; less (ii) the aggregate 
amount calculated in accordance with (A) above; or 
(C) 
in the case of any other Shari'a-Compliant Asset (which is not an Ijara 
Asset or Tangible Sukuk), the outstanding face amount or principal value

--- Page 72 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 60 - 
75-41049031 
 
then outstanding of that Shari'a-Compliant Asset (which is not an Ijara 
Asset or Tangible Sukuk), as the case may be; and 
(ii) 
in respect of the relevant Wakala Portfolio, the aggregate of the amounts 
determined under sub-paragraphs (A), (B) and (C) in respect of the Wakala Assets 
comprising the Wakala Portfolio; 
"Vehicle Financing Asset" means an asset comprising a vehicle which, pursuant to Law No. (19) 
of 2007 as amended by Qatar Law No. (16) of 2015, may not be registered in the name of a foreign 
entity and includes the rights in respect of any financing of such vehicle; 
"Wakala Asset" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) (Trust – Summary of the Trust); 
"Wakala Services Schedule" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) (Trust – Summary of 
the Trust); 
"Wakala/Mudaraba Series" means a Series of Certificates specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Wakala Non-Real Estate Ijara Asset" means a non-real estate asset, excluding any Vehicle 
Financing Assets, in relation to which QIB or any person as agent on its behalf has entered into a 
Non-Real Estate Ijara Contract (including any ancillary rights under such contract); 
"Wakala Percentage" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) (Trust – Summary of the 
Trust); 
"Wakala Portfolio" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) (Trust – Summary of the Trust); 
"Wakala Portfolio Income Revenues" means Wakala Portfolio Revenues other than Wakala 
Portfolio Principal Revenues; 
"Wakala Portfolio Principal Revenues" means Wakala Portfolio Revenues in the nature of 
capital or principal payments in respect of the relevant Wakala Assets; 
"Wakala Portfolio Revenues" means, in respect of each Series, all rental, sale proceeds or 
consideration, damages, insurance proceeds, compensation or other sums received by the Service 
Agent in whatever currency in connection with the relevant Wakala Assets; 
"Wakala Real Estate Ijara Asset" means a real estate asset located in a Designated Area in 
relation to which QIB or any person as agent on its behalf has entered into a Real Estate Ijara 
Contract (including any ancillary rights under such contract); 
"Wakala Reserve Account" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(d) (Trust – Operation of 
Collection Account (Wakala Assets)); and 
"Wakala Series" means a Series of Certificates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
All references in these Conditions to "U.S. dollars", "USD", "U.S.$" and "$" are to the lawful 
currency of the United States of America. All references to "euro" and "€" refer to the currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the 
Treaty establishing the European Union, as amended. 
All references in these Conditions (other than in relation to the determination of amounts payable 
in respect of the Certificates) to the "Principal Paying Agent" shall, with respect to a Series of 
Certificates to be held in the CMU, be deemed to be a reference to the CMU Lodging and Paying 
Agent, and all such references shall be construed accordingly. 
Any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations or 
other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference 
to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 73 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 61 - 
75-41049031 
 
2. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Form and Denomination 
The Certificates are issued in registered form in the Specified Denomination(s). A 
Certificate will be issued to each Certificateholder in respect of its registered holding of 
Certificates. Each Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which 
will be recorded on the relevant Certificate and in the register of Certificateholders (the 
"Register") which the Trustee will cause to be kept by the Registrar outside the Cayman 
Islands and the United Kingdom in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. 
The Certificates may form part of a Wakala Series or a Wakala/Mudaraba Series, as the 
case may be, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Upon issue, Certificates will be represented by beneficial interests in one or more Global 
Certificates, in fully registered form, which will be (i) deposited with, and registered in 
the name of a nominee for, a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") or (ii) 
deposited with a sub-custodian for the CMU, and registered in the name of the HKMA as 
operator of the CMU. Ownership interests in Global Certificates will be shown on, and 
transfers thereof will only be effected through, records maintained by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and the CMU (as applicable), and their respective participants. 
References to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the CMU shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative 
clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Title 
Title to the Certificates passes only by registration in the Register. Subject to the terms of 
any relevant Global Certificate and/or the definition of "Certificateholders", the 
registered holder of any Certificate will (except as otherwise required by law) be treated 
as the absolute owner of the Certificates represented by the Certificate for all purposes 
(whether or not any payment thereon is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, 
trust or any interest or any writing on, or the theft or loss of, the Certificate) and no person 
will be liable for so treating the holder of any Certificate. The registered holder of a 
Certificate will be recognised by the Trustee as entitled to his Certificate free from any 
equity, set-off or counterclaim on the part of the Trustee against the original or any 
intermediate holder of such Certificate. 
The Trustee and the Delegate may call for and shall be at liberty to accept and place full 
reliance on as sufficient evidence thereof and shall not be liable to any Certificateholder 
by reason only of either having accepted as valid or not having rejected an original 
certificate or letter of confirmation purporting to be signed on behalf of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU or any other relevant clearing system to the effect 
that at any particular time or throughout any particular period any particular person is, was 
or will be shown in its records as having a particular nominal amount of Certificates 
credited to his or her securities account. 
3. 
Transfers of Certificates 
(a) 
Transfers 
Subject to Condition 3(d) (Transfers of Certificates – Closed Periods), Condition 3(e) 
(Transfers of Certificates – Regulations), the limitations as to transfer set out in Condition 
2(b) (Form, Denomination and Title – Title) and the provisions of the Agency Agreement, 
a Certificate may be transferred whole or in an amount equal to the Specified 
Denomination(s) or any integral multiple thereof by depositing the Certificate, with the 
form of transfer on the back, duly completed and signed, at the specified office of the 
Transfer Agent together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such

--- Page 74 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 62 - 
75-41049031 
 
Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the 
individuals who have executed the forms of transfer. 
Transfers of interests in the Certificates represented by a Global Certificate will be effected 
in accordance with the rules of the relevant clearing system through which the interest is 
held. 
(b) 
Delivery of New Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued upon any transfer of Certificates will, within three 
Business Days of receipt by the Transfer Agent of the duly completed form of transfer 
endorsed on the relevant Certificate, be mailed by uninsured mail at the risk of the holder 
entitled to the Certificate to the address specified in the form of transfer. For the purposes 
of this Condition, "business day" shall mean a day on which banks are open for business 
in the city in which the specified office of the Transfer Agent with whom a Certificate is 
deposited in connection with a transfer is located. 
Where some but not all of the Certificates in respect of which a Certificate is issued are to 
be transferred, a new Certificate in respect of the Certificates not so transferred will, within 
five Business Days of receipt by the Transfer Agent of the original Certificate, be mailed 
by uninsured mail at the risk of the holder of the Certificates not so transferred to the 
address of such holder appearing on the Register or as specified in the form of transfer. 
Except in the limited circumstances described in each Global Certificate, owners of 
interests in a Global Certificate will not be entitled to receive physical delivery of 
Certificates. 
(c) 
Formalities Free of Charge 
Registration of any transfer of Certificates will be effected without charge on behalf of the 
Trustee by the Registrar or the Transfer Agent but upon payment (or the giving of such 
indemnity as the Trustee, Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require) by the 
transferee in respect of any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charges which may be 
imposed in relation to such transfer. 
(d) 
Closed Periods 
No Certificateholder may require the transfer of a Certificate to be registered during the 
period of 15 days ending on (and including) the due date for any payment of the 
Dissolution Amount or any Periodic Distribution Amount (as defined in Condition 8(b) 
(Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions – Periodic Distribution Amount) or Condition 
9(b) (Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions – Periodic Distribution Amount), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) or any other date on which payment of the face 
amount or payment of any profit in respect of a Certificate falls due as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
Regulations 
All transfers of Certificates and entries on the Register will be made subject to the detailed 
regulations concerning transfers of Certificates scheduled to the Master Declaration of 
Trust. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to 
any Certificateholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
Unless otherwise requested by him, each Certificateholder shall be entitled to receive, in 
accordance with Condition 2(b) (Form, Denomination and Title – Title), only one 
Certificate in respect of his or her entire holding of Certificates. In the case of a transfer 
of a portion of the face amount of a Certificate, a new Certificate in respect of the balance 
of the Certificates not transferred will be issued to the transferor in accordance with 
Condition 3(b) (Transfers of Certificates – Delivery of New Certificates).

--- Page 75 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 63 - 
75-41049031 
 
4. 
Status and Limited Recourse 
(a) 
Status 
Each Certificate will represent an undivided ownership interest in the relevant Trust Assets 
(pursuant to the Master Declaration of Trust as supplemented by the relevant 
Supplemental Declaration of Trust) and will be a limited recourse obligation of the 
Trustee. Each Certificate will rank pari passu, without preference or priority, with all other 
Certificates of the relevant Series issued under the Programme. 
(b) 
Limited Recourse 
The proceeds of the relevant Trust Assets are the sole source of payments on the 
Certificates of each Series. The Certificates do not represent an interest in or obligation of 
any of the Trustee (other than in respect of the relevant Trusts Assets), the Delegate, QIB 
(to the extent that it fulfils its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is 
a party), any of the Agents or any of their respective affiliates. The net proceeds of the 
enforcement with respect to the relevant Trust Assets may not be sufficient to make all 
payments due in respect of the Certificates. If, following distribution of such proceeds, 
there remains a shortfall in payments due under the Certificates, subject to Condition 16 
(Enforcement and Exercise of Rights), Certificateholders will not have any claim against 
the Trustee (and/or its directors, officers or equity holders), QIB (to the extent that it fulfils 
all of its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party), the Delegate, 
the Agents or any of their respective affiliates, or against any of their respective assets 
(other than the relevant Trust Assets) in respect of such shortfall and any unsatisfied claims 
of the Certificateholders shall be extinguished. In particular, no Certificateholder will be 
able to petition for, or join any other person in instituting proceedings for, the 
reorganisation, liquidation, winding up or receivership of the Trustee (and/or its directors), 
QIB (to the extent that it fulfils all of its obligations under the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party), the Delegate, the Agents or any of their respective affiliates as a 
consequence of such shortfall or otherwise. 
QIB is obliged to make payments under the relevant Transaction Documents to which it 
is a party directly to the Trustee, the Delegate (on its own behalf or acting in the name and 
on behalf of the Trustee) and/or the Agents. The Delegate will, as delegate of the Trustee 
for the Certificateholders, have direct recourse against QIB to recover payments due to the 
Trustee from QIB pursuant to such Transaction Documents. Neither the Trustee nor the 
Delegate shall be liable for the late, partial or non- recovery of any such payments from 
QIB save in the case of its wilful default, actual fraud or gross negligence. 
(c) 
Agreement of Certificateholders 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in these Conditions or any Transaction 
Document but without prejudice to Condition 15 (Dissolution Events): 
(i) 
no payment of any amount whatsoever shall be made by any of the Trustee, the 
Delegate (acting in the name and on behalf of the Trustee) or any of their 
respective agents on their behalf except to the extent funds are available therefor 
from the relevant Trust Assets; 
(ii) 
no recourse shall be had for the payment of any amount owing hereunder or under 
any relevant Transaction Document, whether for the payment of any fee, 
indemnity or other amount hereunder or any other obligation or claim arising out 
of or based upon the Transaction Documents, against the Trustee (and/or its 
directors, officers, administrators or equity holders), the Delegate, any Agent or 
any of their respective agents or affiliates to the extent the relevant Trust Assets 
have been exhausted following which all obligations of the Trustee, the Delegate, 
any Agent and their respective agents or affiliates shall be extinguished; 
(iii) 
prior to the date which is one year and one day after the date on which all amounts 
owing by the Trustee under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party have

--- Page 76 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 64 - 
75-41049031 
 
been paid in full, each Certificateholder will not institute against, or join with any 
other person in instituting against, the Trustee any bankruptcy, reorganisation, 
arrangement or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings under any 
bankruptcy or similar law; 
(iv) 
no recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement contained in any 
Transaction Document shall be had against any shareholder, member, officer, 
agent or director of the Trustee, by the enforcement of any assessment or by any 
proceeding, by virtue of any statute or otherwise. The obligations of the Trustee 
under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are corporate or limited 
liability obligations of the Trustee and no personal liability shall attach to or be 
incurred by the officers or directors of the Trustee save in the case of their wilful 
default or actual fraud. Reference in these Conditions to wilful default or actual 
fraud means a finding to such effect by a court of competent jurisdiction in 
relation to the conduct of the relevant party; and 
(v) 
each Certificateholder shall not be entitled to claim or exercise any right of set-
off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise 
have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Certificate. No 
collateral is or will be given for the payment obligations under the Certificates 
(without prejudice to the negative pledge provisions described in Condition 5 
(Negative Pledge)). 
5. 
Negative Pledge 
QIB undertakes in the Purchase Undertaking Deed that, so long as any Certificate remains 
outstanding, QIB shall not, and shall procure that none of its Material Subsidiaries will create or 
have outstanding any Security Interest, other than a Permitted Security Interest, upon the whole or 
any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to 
secure any Relevant Indebtedness of QIB or any Guarantee (by QIB) of any Relevant Indebtedness 
of others, without: (a) at the same time or prior thereto according to the Certificates the same 
security as is created or subsisting to secure any such Relevant Indebtedness or any Guarantee in 
respect of such Relevant Indebtedness; or (b) providing such other Security Interest for the 
Certificates as: (i) the Delegate shall in its absolute discretion deem not materially less beneficial 
to the interests of the Certificateholders; or (ii) as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution 
of Certificateholders. 
In this Condition 5 (Negative Pledge): 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness or Relevant Indebtedness of any person, any 
obligation of another person to pay such Indebtedness or Relevant Indebtedness following demand 
or claim on that person including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness or Relevant Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to extend financing, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or 
to purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such 
Indebtedness or Relevant Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness 
or Relevant Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness or Relevant Indebtedness; 
"Indebtedness" means any present or future indebtedness of any person for or in respect of any 
money borrowed or raised including (without limitation) any borrowed money or liability arising 
under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit or evidenced by any notes, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities or any monies raised under any 
transaction having the commercial effect of borrowing or raising money;

--- Page 77 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 65 - 
75-41049031 
 
"Material Subsidiary" means, at any time, any Subsidiary: 
(a) 
whose total assets (consolidated, in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
exceed 5 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of QIB and its Subsidiaries; or 
(b) 
whose revenues (consolidated, in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
exceed 5 per cent. of the consolidated net operating revenues of QIB and its Subsidiaries. 
For the purposes of this definition: 
(i) 
for the purpose of determination of the thresholds set forth in paragraphs (a) and 
(b) above at any given time, the assets and revenues of the relevant Subsidiary 
will be determined from the then latest available (if applicable, consolidated) 
annual or semi-annual financial statements, as the case may be, of such relevant 
Subsidiary, and the consolidated total assets and consolidated net operating 
revenues of QIB will be determined from the then latest available annual or semi-
annual financial statements, as the case may be, of QIB; and 
(ii) 
upon a Material Subsidiary transferring all or substantially all of its assets to 
another Subsidiary, the transferor shall cease to be a Material Subsidiary on the 
effective date of such transfer and thereupon the transferee shall be deemed to be 
a Material Subsidiary until the next date of determination of the thresholds set 
forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) above with respect to such Subsidiary; 
"Non-recourse Project Financing" means any financing of all or part of the costs of the 
acquisition, construction or development of any project, provided that: (i) any Security Interest 
given by QIB or the relevant Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, is limited solely to assets of 
the project, (ii) the person providing such financing expressly agrees to limit its recourse to the 
project financed and the revenues derived from such project as the principal source of repayment 
for the monies advanced and (iii) there is no other recourse to QIB or the relevant Material 
Subsidiary, as the case may be, in respect of any default by any person under the financing; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means: 
(a) 
any Security Interest securing any Relevant Indebtedness of a person existing at the time 
that such person is merged into, or consolidated with QIB or the relevant Material 
Subsidiary, as the case may be, provided that such Security Interest was not created in 
contemplation of such merger or consolidation and does not extend to any other assets or 
property of QIB or the relevant Material Subsidiary, as the case may be; 
(b) 
any Security Interest existing on any property or assets prior to the acquisition thereof by 
QIB or the relevant Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, provided that such Security 
Interest was not created in contemplation of such acquisition and does not extend to other 
assets or property of QIB or the relevant Material Subsidiary, as the case may be (other 
than proceeds of such acquired assets or property), and provided that the maximum 
amount of Relevant Indebtedness thereafter secured by such Security Interest does not 
exceed the purchase price of such property or the Relevant Indebtedness incurred solely 
for the purpose of financing the acquisition of such property; or 
(c) 
any renewal of or substitution for any Security Interest permitted by any of paragraphs (a) 
to (b) (inclusive) of this definition, provided that with respect to any such Security 
Interest the principal amount secured has not increased and the Security Interest has not 
been extended to any additional assets (other than the proceeds of such assets); 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means: (i) any Indebtedness, other than Indebtedness incurred in 
connection with a Non-recourse Project Financing or a Securitisation, which is in the form of, or 
represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities which for the 
time being are, or are intended to be or are capable of being, quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on 
any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market; and (ii) any Relevant Sukuk 
Obligation;

--- Page 78 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 66 - 
75-41049031 
 
"Relevant Sukuk Obligation" means any undertaking or other obligation, other than any 
undertaking or obligation incurred in connection with a Non-recourse Project Financing or a 
Securitisation, to pay any money given in connection with the issue of certificates, whether or not 
in return for consideration of any kind, which for the time being are, or are intended to be or are 
capable of being, quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other 
securities market; 
"Securitisation" means any securitisation of existing or future assets and/or revenues, provided 
that: (i) any Security Interest given by QIB or the relevant Material Subsidiary, as the case may 
be, in connection therewith is limited solely to the assets and/or revenues which are the subject of 
the securitisation; (ii) each person participating in such securitisation expressly agrees to limit its 
recourse to the assets and/or revenues so securitised as the principal source of repayment for the 
money advanced or payment of any other liability; and (iii) there is no other recourse to QIB or the 
relevant Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, in respect of any default by any person under the 
securitisation; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
and 
"Subsidiary" means any person: (i) in which another person (the parent) holds a majority of the 
voting rights; or (ii) of which the parent has the right to appoint or remove a majority of the board 
of directors; or (iii) of which the parent controls a majority of the voting rights, and includes any 
person which is a Subsidiary of a Subsidiary of the parent. 
6. 
Trust 
(a) 
Summary of the Trust 
On each Issue Date: 
(i) 
the Trustee will apply the relevant portion of the Proceeds (such portion 
comprising all of the Proceeds in the case of a Wakala Series) to purchase, by 
way of assignment and transfer, the rights, title, interests, benefits and 
entitlements that QIB may have in a portfolio of (i) Wakala Real Estate Ijara 
Assets, Wakala Non-Real Estate Ijara Assets and any other Shari'a-Compliant 
Assets (each such asset being an "Initial Wakala Asset" and the portfolio of such 
assets being the "Initial Wakala Portfolio" or, in respect of an additional Tranche, 
each such assets being an "Additional Wakala Asset" and the portfolio of such 
asset being the "Additional Wakala Portfolio", and following the Issue Date of 
a Tranche, together with any Eligible Wakala Asset which may have been 
substituted for any Initial Wakala Asset or any Additional Wakala Asset in 
accordance with the Service Agency Agreement, the Master Wakala Purchase 
Agreement, the relevant Supplemental Purchase Contract and the Wakala Asset 
Substitution Undertaking Deed, the "Wakala Portfolio" and each asset 
comprising the Wakala Portfolio, a "Wakala Asset"); 
(ii) 
(in the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series only) the Rabb-al-Maal shall deposit 
the relevant portion of the Proceeds into the Mudaraba Account and such amount 
will constitute the initial capital investment (the "Initial Mudaraba Capital") or, 
in respect of an additional Tranche, the additional capital investment (the 
"Additional Mudaraba Capital") of the Rabb-al-Maal in the restricted 
mudaraba arrangement (the "Restricted Mudaraba") constituted by a Restricted 
Mudaraba Contract entered into with the Mudarib in accordance with the terms 
of the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement pursuant to which the Mudarib 
will purchase an undivided interest in a portfolio of Mudaraba Real Estate Ijara 
Assets, Mudaraba Non-Real Estate Ijara Assets, Shari'a-Compliant Assets or 
Tangible Sukuk that have associated with them underlying tangible assets (such 
assets being the "Initial Mudaraba Assets", and the portfolio of such assets being 
the "Initial Mudaraba Portfolio" or, in respect of an additional Tranche, such 
assets being the "Additional Mudaraba Assets", and the portfolio of such assets

--- Page 79 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 67 - 
75-41049031 
 
being the "Additional Mudaraba Portfolio" and following the Issue Date of a 
Series, together with any Eligible Mudaraba Asset substituted for any Initial 
Mudaraba Asset or Additional Mudaraba Assets, the "Mudaraba Portfolio" and 
each asset comprising the Mudaraba Portfolio, a "Mudaraba Asset"), 
provided that: 
(A) 
the relevant Tangibility Ratio is more than 50 per cent.; and 
(B) 
the Trustee will be under an obligation to invest a proportion of the 
Proceeds of each Series in a Wakala Portfolio in accordance with the 
terms of the Master Wakala Purchase Agreement and the relevant 
Supplemental Purchase Contract. 
The Wakala Assets and (if applicable) the Mudaraba Assets shall together constitute the 
"Sukuk Assets" for the relevant Series. For each Series, the percentage of the Proceeds 
used to purchase the Wakala Assets shall be the "Wakala Percentage" and (in the case of 
a Wakala/Mudaraba Series only) the percentage of the Proceeds paid to the Mudarib as 
the Mudaraba Capital shall be the "Mudaraba Percentage" for such Series. 
The Service Agent shall service the Wakala Portfolio for the benefit of the Trustee 
pursuant to, and in accordance with, the Service Agency Agreement. Under the Service 
Agency Agreement, the Service Agent shall be obliged, in accordance with a services 
schedule (the "Wakala Services Schedule"), to service the Wakala Asset through the 
provision of certain services (the "Services") including, but not limited to, using its best 
endeavours to ensure timely receipt of all Wakala Portfolio Revenues and making all 
reasonable efforts to collect or enforce the collection of such Wakala Portfolio Revenues. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Service Agency Agreement, the Service Agent will maintain 
a Collection Account in respect of each Series of Certificates. Pursuant to the terms of the 
Service Agency Agreement, the Service Agent shall be obliged to maintain separate 
ledgers in the Collection Account to record: (1) any amount of Wakala Portfolio Principal 
Revenues received in respect of the Wakala Portfolio; (2) the amount of Wakala Portfolio 
Income Revenues received in respect of the Wakala Portfolio; and (3) any amount of 
Wakala Portfolio Income Revenues remaining after deducting amounts payable to the 
Trustee. All Wakala Portfolio Income Revenues received by the Service Agent in respect 
of the Wakala Portfolio of each Series will be credited to the Collection Account and 
applied by the Service Agent in accordance with Condition 6(d) (Trust – Operation of 
Collection Account (Wakala Assets)). In particular, Wakala Portfolio Income Revenues 
received will, after accumulation in the relevant Collection Account during each Return 
Accumulation Period, up to the Wakala Percentage of the Required Amount, be paid into 
the Transaction Account and applied (together with amounts credited to the Transaction 
Account by the Mudarib in accordance with the relevant Restricted Mudaraba Contract), 
to make periodic distributions in respect of the relevant Series in accordance with 
Condition 6(h) (Trust – Application of Proceeds from Trust Assets). 
To the extent necessary to maintain the Tangibility Ratio, the Trustee is required to use all 
Wakala Portfolio Principal Revenues to invest in additional Eligible Wakala Assets, which 
will form part of the Wakala Portfolio of that relevant Series, provided that: 
(i) 
the Value of such Eligible Wakala Assets is not less than the consideration given 
for, the purchase price of or the amounts otherwise applied in the acquisition or 
origination of such assets; and 
(ii) 
such further Eligible Wakala Assets are Eligible Wakala Assets in respect of 
which the representations and warranties in clause 5.2 (Representations and 
Warranties) of the Master Wakala Purchase Agreement can be given by QIB, 
provided that, subject to the Service Agency Agreement, if sufficient Eligible Wakala 
Assets are not available for such purpose, the Wakala Portfolio Principal Revenues may 
be held in the relevant Collection Account until such time as sufficient Eligible Wakala

--- Page 80 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 68 - 
75-41049031 
 
Assets become available. In the event that any Wakala Assets cease to be Eligible Wakala 
Assets, the Trustee shall be obliged to purchase and accept the transfer and conveyance of 
the relevant Wakala Assets (and associated contracts) with a Wakala Asset which is an 
Eligible Wakala Asset. 
In the case of Wakala/Mudaraba Series, the Mudarib will invest the Mudaraba Capital in 
accordance with an investment plan prepared by the Mudarib and contained in the relevant 
Restricted Mudaraba Contract (the "Mudaraba Investment Plan") in Eligible Mudaraba 
Assets. The Mudaraba Investment Plan will specify, inter alia, the expected rate of return 
in respect of the Mudaraba Assets (the "Expected Mudaraba Profit"). The Mudarib will 
hold and manage the Mudaraba Portfolio for the benefit of the Rabb-al-Maal. 
Under the terms of the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement, in relation to each 
Restricted Mudaraba, the Mudarib shall be obliged, among other things, to ensure that the 
Mudaraba Capital is invested in accordance with the Mudaraba Investment Plan and to 
monitor, subject to, and in accordance with its usual and standard practices from time to 
time, on a monthly basis the Value and income generating properties of the Mudaraba 
Assets and use its best endeavours to manage the Mudaraba Portfolio such that the Value 
of the relevant Mudaraba Portfolio is, on the Business Day immediately preceding the 
relevant Dissolution Date or Tangibility Event Redemption Date (as applicable), equal to 
or greater than the relevant Mudaraba Capital. Any payment of Mudaraba Profit shall be 
made from the profits generated by the Mudaraba Capital in relation to the applicable 
Mudaraba Contract and the Mudarib shall make profit distributions in relation to a 
Restricted Mudaraba Contract on each Mudaraba Income Distribution Date in respect of 
the applicable Mudaraba Income Distribution Period. Payments in respect, or on account, 
of any Mudaraba Profit will: (i) first be allocated and, in the case of any interest of QIB, 
distributed on a pro rata basis in accordance with any respective ownership interests of 
(a) QIB and (b) the Mudaraba in the Mudaraba Portfolio; and (ii) following such initial 
allocation and distribution, allocated in respect of the Mudarib and the Rabb-al-Maal's 
interest in the Mudaraba Profit in accordance with the profit sharing ratio set out in the 
Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement and the Rabb-al-Maal's share of such Mudaraba 
Profit will be paid into the Transaction Account by the Mudarib on such Mudaraba Income 
Distribution Date. The Mudarib shall be entitled to use for its own account any amounts 
received in the nature of Mudaraba Profit, provided that such amount shall be repaid 
when required pursuant to the terms of the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement. 
On the applicable Mudaraba End Date, any amounts standing to the credit of the Mudaraba 
Reserve Account after all amounts due under the Certificates of the relevant 
Wakala/Mudaraba Series have been satisfied in full shall be paid to the Mudarib as an 
incentive amount for its performance. 
In the case of Wakala/Mudaraba Series and pursuant to the terms of the Master Restricted 
Mudaraba Agreement, the Mudarib shall be obliged to maintain separate ledgers to record: 
(1) any amount of Mudaraba Portfolio Principal Revenues received in respect of the 
relevant Restricted Mudaraba; (2) the amount of Mudaraba Profit received in respect of 
the relevant Mudaraba Portfolio which is payable to the Rabb-al-Maal; and (3) any 
amounts of Mudaraba Profit remaining after deducting amounts payable to the Rabb-al-
Maal. The Mudarib will, to the extent possible, use reasonable endeavours to reinvest any 
amounts received in the nature of principal and insurance from Mudaraba Assets in respect 
of the Mudaraba Portfolio of each Series of Certificates ("Mudaraba Portfolio Principal 
Revenues") in Eligible Mudaraba Assets, in each case in accordance with the terms of the 
Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement, the relevant Restricted Mudaraba Contract and 
the related Mudaraba Investment Plan, provided that the Value of such further Eligible 
Mudaraba Assets are not less than the consideration given for, the purchase price of or the 
amounts otherwise applied in the acquisition of such assets provided that, subject to the 
terms of the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement, if sufficient Eligible Mudaraba 
Assets are not available for such purpose, the Mudaraba Portfolio Principal Revenues may 
be held in the Mudaraba Account until such time as sufficient Eligible Mudaraba Assets 
become available.

--- Page 81 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 69 - 
75-41049031 
 
Upon receipt by the Trustee of a Cancellation Notice, the Trustee acknowledges and 
agrees that, in the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series, the Mudarib shall transfer on the 
relevant Cancellation Date to QIB such Mudaraba Assets as selected by the Mudarib in its 
sole and absolute discretion ("Cancellation Mudaraba Assets"), provided that the 
aggregate Value of such Cancellation Mudaraba Assets shall be no greater than the 
Mudaraba Percentage of the aggregate face amount of the Cancellation Certificates and 
provided always that following such transfer, the relevant Tangibility Ratio shall be more 
than 50 per cent. 
Upon the maturity of a Series or the occurrence of a Dissolution Event: 
(a) 
pursuant to the Purchase Undertaking Deed, the Trustee (or following the 
occurrence of a Dissolution Event, the Delegate), may exercise its rights under 
the relevant Purchase Undertaking and require QIB to purchase from the Trustee 
by way of assignment and transfer the relevant Wakala Assets or the Tangibility 
Event Wakala Assets (as the case may be), at the relevant Exercise Price or 
Tangibility Event Exercise Price (as the case may be); and 
(b) 
in the case of Wakala/Mudaraba Series, pursuant to the Master Restricted 
Mudaraba Agreement, the relevant Restricted Mudaraba will be liquidated and 
the Mudarib will pay to the Rabb-al-Maal the Final Liquidation Proceeds or the 
Tangibility Event Liquidation Proceeds (as the case may be), in accordance with 
the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement and the Restricted Mudaraba 
Contract; and 
(c) 
pursuant to the Service Agency Agreement, the Service Agent will pay to the 
Trustee the amount of any Wakala Portfolio Principal Revenues held by the 
Service Agent in relation to the relevant Series that have not at the relevant time 
been invested in Eligible Wakala Assets by crediting such amounts into the 
Transaction Account. 
QIB may, in the event of certain tax gross ups being required or, in the event that QIB 
exercises a call option in relation to a Series (the "Optional Dissolution Right") (if 
applicable to the relevant Series): 
(a) 
pursuant to the Sale Undertaking Deed, exercise its rights under the relevant Sale 
Undertaking to require the Rabb-al-Maal to sell and transfer the relevant Wakala 
Assets to QIB. The Exercise Price payable by QIB upon exercise of the relevant 
Sale Undertaking shall be an amount equal to the aggregate of: (i) an amount 
equal to the aggregate face amount of Certificates then outstanding for the 
relevant Series minus (in the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series only) any Final 
Liquidation Proceeds upon the date of exercise of the Sale Undertaking; (ii) an 
amount equal to any accrued and unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts less any 
amounts held by the Trustee in the Transaction Account for the payment of such 
Periodic Distribution Amounts, in each case on the date on which the payment of 
the Exercise Price is made pursuant to the Sale Undertaking Deed; (iii) an amount 
equal to the sum of: (1) any amounts repayable but unpaid by the Trustee to the 
Service Agent under a Liquidity Facility; and (2) without duplication or double-
counting, any other outstanding Management Liabilities Amounts; and (iv) 
without duplication or double-counting, any other amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being payable upon the relevant Dissolution Date; 
(b) 
pursuant to the Service Agency Agreement, the Service Agent will pay to the 
Trustee the amount of any Wakala Portfolio Principal Revenues held by the 
Service Agent in relation to the relevant Series that have not at the relevant time 
been invested in Eligible Wakala Assets, by crediting such amounts into the 
Transaction Account; and 
(c) 
in the case of Wakala/Mudaraba Series, pursuant to the Master Restricted 
Mudaraba Agreement, liquidate the relevant Restricted Mudaraba and distribute

--- Page 82 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 70 - 
75-41049031 
 
the Final Liquidation Proceeds in accordance with the Master Restricted 
Mudaraba Agreement and the Restricted Mudaraba Contract. 
Any obligation of the Trustee to repay any amounts advanced pursuant to the Liquidity 
Facility shall be set-off against payment by QIB of that portion of the Exercise Price or 
the Tangibility Event Exercise Price (as the case may be) under the Purchase Undertaking 
Deed or Sale Undertaking Deed (as applicable) comprising (i) any amounts repayable but 
unpaid by the Trustee to the Service Agent under the Liquidity Facility; and (ii) any 
Management Liabilities Amounts repayable but unpaid by the Trustee to the Service 
Agent in accordance with the terms of the Service Agency Agreement. 
Pursuant to the Redemption Undertaking Deed, the Trustee will, with respect to each 
Series, give a Redemption Undertaking in favour of QIB pursuant to which the Trustee 
undertakes, in the case of the exercise of QIB's rights pursuant to Condition 14(b) 
(Purchase and Cancellation of Certificates – Cancellation of Certificates held by QIB 
and/or any of its Subsidiaries) and following receipt of a Cancellation Notice, to cancel 
any relevant Certificates surrendered to it by QIB and/or any of its subsidiaries and to 
transfer on any Cancellation Date the Cancellation Wakala Assets, the Value of which 
shall be no greater than the Wakala Percentage of the aggregate outstanding face amount 
of the Cancellation Certificates. 
Pursuant to the Wakala Asset Substitution Undertaking Deed, the Trustee will, with 
respect to each Series, give a Wakala Asset Substitution Undertaking in favour of QIB 
pursuant to which the Trustee undertakes, upon receipt of a substitution notice, to transfer 
certain Wakala Assets to QIB in exchange for the receipt of certain new Wakala Assets 
from QIB on the condition that the value of the new Wakala Assets is at least equal to the 
Value of the new Wakala Assets on such date. 
(b) 
Trust Assets 
The Trust Assets in respect of a Series will comprise: 
(i) 
the cash proceeds of the issue of the Certificates, pending the application thereof 
in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents; 
(ii) 
all of the Trustee's rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, in, to and 
under the relevant Sukuk Assets; 
(iii) 
the right, title, interest and benefit, present and future, of the Trustee in, to and 
under the Transaction Documents (excluding: (i) any representations given by 
QIB to the Trustee and the Delegate pursuant to any of the Transaction 
Documents; and (ii) the covenant given to the Trustee pursuant to clause 17.1 
(Remuneration and Indemnification of the Trustee and the Delegate) of the 
Master Declaration of Trust); 
(iv) 
all monies standing to the credit of the Transaction Account; and 
(v) 
any other assets, rights, cash or investments as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, 
and all proceeds of the foregoing. 
Pursuant to the Master Declaration of Trust, as supplemented by any relevant 
Supplemental Declaration of Trust, the Trustee holds the Trust Assets for each Series upon 
trust absolutely for the Certificateholders pro rata according to the face amount of 
Certificates held by each holder for the relevant Series. 
(c) 
Operation of Transaction Account 
For each Series, the Trustee will establish a non-profit bearing transaction account in 
London (the "Transaction Account") with the Principal Paying Agent into which, among 
other things: (i) (in the case of Wakala/Mudaraba Series only) the Mudarib will deposit

--- Page 83 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 71 - 
75-41049031 
 
all amounts of Mudaraba Profit, Final Liquidation Proceeds and Tangibility Event 
Liquidation Proceeds due to the Rabb-al-Maal in respect of the relevant Series; (ii) the 
Service Agent will deposit all amounts of Wakala Portfolio Income Revenues, the 
Exercise Price and the Tangibility Event Exercise Price due to the Trustee in respect of 
the relevant Series; and (iii) the Delegate will deposit all the proceeds of any action to 
enforce the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking Deed and to enforce or realise the 
relevant Trust Assets taken in accordance with Condition 16 (Enforcement and Exercise 
of Rights). 
(d) 
Operation of Collection Account (Wakala Assets) 
Pursuant to the Service Agency Agreement, the Service Agent shall receive and 
accumulate all Wakala Portfolio Income Revenues for each Series and shall record the 
same in the relevant Collection Account. The Service Agent agrees and acknowledges that 
any return arising from a Wakala Portfolio shall be recorded by crediting it to the Wakala 
Reserve Account (as described below). All such Wakala Portfolio Income Revenues 
standing to the credit of the Collection Account will be applied by the Service Agent in 
the following order of priority: 
(i) 
first, in payment to the Service Agent of any amounts advanced by it to the 
Trustee by way of the Liquidity Facility; 
(ii) 
second, in payment of all or any due and payable Service Agent Liabilities 
Amounts; 
(iii) 
third, in payment to the relevant Transaction Account an amount equal to the 
lesser of the Wakala Percentage of the Required Amount for the corresponding 
Periodic Distribution Date and the balance of the Income Collection Account; and 
(iv) 
fourth, the balance of the Income Collection Account immediately following the 
payment of the relevant amounts pursuant to paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) on such 
day shall be retained by the Service Agent as a reserve and credited to a reserve 
account ledger in the name of the Service Agent (the "Wakala Reserve 
Account"). 
(e) 
Operation of Wakala Reserve Account 
Pursuant to the Service Agency Agreement, the Service Agent shall credit any surplus 
amounts of Wakala Portfolio Income Revenues (if any) to the Wakala Reserve Account 
in accordance with Condition 6(d)(iii) (Trust – Operation of Collection Account (Wakala 
Assets)). Monies standing to the credit of the Wakala Reserve Account (if any) shall be 
paid in accordance with this Condition 6(e) (Trust – Operation of Wakala Reserve 
Account). The Service Agent will be entitled to use amounts standing to the credit of the 
Wakala Reserve Account for its own account, provided that such amounts shall be repaid 
by the Service Agent if so required to fund a shortfall in respect of the relevant Series. 
On each Periodic Distribution Date, the Service Agent will apply any amounts standing to 
the credit of the Wakala Reserve Account by paying the same into the Transaction 
Account, towards the aggregate amount of any shortfall between: (i) the amounts standing 
to the credit of the Transaction Account at such time (after taking into account any 
payments made or to be made pursuant to the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement); 
and (ii) the Required Amount due on the corresponding Periodic Distribution Date (a 
"Shortfall"). 
In the event that, on a Dissolution Date, the amount standing to the credit of the 
Transaction Account following: (i) (in the case of Wakala/Mudaraba Series only) the 
liquidation of the relevant Restricted Mudaraba in accordance with the Master Restricted 
Mudaraba Agreement; (ii) the payment to the Transaction Account of the Exercise Price 
or the Tangibility Event Exercise Price (as the case may be) becoming due and payable 
under the Purchase Undertaking Deed or Sale Undertaking Deed (as applicable); and (iii) 
the deposit in the Transaction Account by the Service Agent of any Wakala Portfolio

--- Page 84 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 72 - 
75-41049031 
 
Principal Revenues held by the Service Agent in relation to the Series that have not yet as 
of the Dissolution Date been invested in Eligible Wakala Assets, is less than the Required 
Amount due on such date, then the Service Agent may apply any amounts standing to the 
credit of the Wakala Reserve Account in order to cover such Shortfall. 
Upon final termination or dissolution of the Trust as provided in Condition 11 (Capital 
Distributions of the Trust), and provided that all obligations owed by QIB to the Trustee 
have been met, the Service Agent shall be entitled to retain the remaining balance (if any) 
of the Wakala Reserve Account (after any payments into the Transaction Account as 
provided above) for its own account as an incentive amount. 
(f) 
Operation of Mudaraba Reserve Account 
In the case of Wakala/Mudaraba Series and pursuant to the Master Restricted Mudaraba 
Agreement, the Mudarib shall credit any excess Mudaraba Profit to a reserve ledger 
account (the "Mudaraba Reserve Account"). Monies standing to the credit of the 
Mudaraba Reserve Account (if any) shall be paid in accordance with this Condition 6(f) 
(Trust – Operation of Mudaraba Reserve Account). The Mudarib will be entitled to use 
amounts standing to the credit of the Mudaraba Reserve Account for its own account, 
provided that such amounts shall be repaid by the Mudarib if so required to fund a 
Shortfall in respect of the relevant Series. 
On each Mudaraba Income Distribution Date, the Mudarib will, after taking into account 
any payments made or to be made by the Service Agent pursuant to the Service Agency 
Agreement, pay amounts equal to amounts standing to the credit of the Mudaraba Reserve 
Account into the Transaction Account, towards the aggregate amount of any Shortfall. 
In the event that, on a Dissolution Date, the amount standing to the credit of the 
Transaction Account following the liquidation of the relevant Restricted Mudaraba in 
accordance with the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement, the payment to the 
Transaction Account of the Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event Exercise Price (as the 
case may be) becoming due and payable under the Purchase Undertaking Deed or Sale 
Undertaking Deed (as applicable) and the deposit by the Service Agent in the Transaction 
Account of any Wakala Portfolio Principal Revenues in accordance with clause 6.4 of the 
Service Agency Agreement is less than the Required Amount due on such date, then the 
Mudarib may utilise any amounts standing to the credit of the Mudaraba Reserve Account 
in order to cover such Shortfall. 
Upon final termination or dissolution of the Trust as provided in Condition 11 (Capital 
Distributions of the Trust), after all amounts due under the Certificates of the relevant 
Series have been satisfied in full, the Mudarib shall be entitled to retain the remaining 
balance (if any) of the Mudaraba Reserve Account (after any payments into the 
Transaction Account as provided above) for its own account as an incentive amount. 
(g) 
Operation of Liquidity Facility 
In the event that the amounts standing to the credit of the Mudaraba Reserve Account (in 
the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series only), when aggregated with the amounts standing 
to the credit of the Wakala Reserve Account, are insufficient to pay the amounts described 
in items (i), (ii) and (iii) of Condition 6(h) (Trust – Application of Proceeds from Trust 
Assets) in accordance with Condition 6(h) (Trust – Application of Proceeds from Trust 
Assets) on any Periodic Distribution Date, the Service Agent may provide a Shari'a-
compliant liquidity facility itself or procure a Shari'a-compliant liquidity facility from a 
third party (without recourse to the Sukuk Assets) (the "Liquidity Facility"), in each case, 
to the Trustee to ensure that in respect of each Series, the Trustee receives no later than 
the Business Day immediately preceding each Periodic Distribution Date, the full amount 
payable in accordance with Condition 6(h) (Trust – Application of Proceeds from Trust 
Assets) on such Periodic Distribution Date.

--- Page 85 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 73 - 
75-41049031 
 
(h) 
Application of Proceeds from Trust Assets 
On each Periodic Distribution Date, any Dissolution Date, and Tangibility Event 
Redemption Date or on any earlier date specified for the dissolution of the Trust for each 
Series, the relevant Paying Agent will apply the monies standing to the credit of the 
Transaction Account in the following order of priority: 
(i) 
first, (to the extent not previously paid) to pay the Delegate all amounts owing to 
it under the Transaction Documents in its capacity as Delegate and to any receiver, 
manager or administrative receiver or any other analogous officer appointed in 
respect of the Trust by the Delegate in accordance with the Master Declaration of 
Trust as supplemented by any relevant Supplemental Declaration of Trust; 
(ii) 
second, (to the extent not previously paid) to pay pro rata and pari passu: (i) the 
Trustee in respect of all amounts properly incurred and documented (each in the 
opinion of the Delegate) owing to it under the Transaction Documents in its 
capacity as Trustee; (ii) the Trustee Administrator in respect of all amounts owing 
to it under the Transaction Documents and the Corporate Services Agreement in 
its capacity as Trustee Administrator; and (iii) each Agent in respect of all 
amounts owing to such Agent on account of its fees, costs, charges and expenses 
and the payment or satisfaction of any liability properly incurred by such Agent 
pursuant to the Agency Agreement or the other Transaction Documents in its 
capacity as Agent; 
(iii) 
third, to the Principal Paying Agent for application in or towards payment pari 
passu and rateably of all Periodic Distribution Amounts due and unpaid; 
(iv) 
fourth, only if such payment is made on a Dissolution Date, to the Principal 
Paying Agent for application in or towards payment of the Dissolution Amount; 
and 
(v) 
fifth, only if such payment is made on a Dissolution Date, payment of any residual 
amount to the Service Agent as an incentive amount for its performance. 
7. 
Covenants 
The Trustee covenants that, among other things, for so long as any Certificate is outstanding (as 
defined in the Master Declaration of Trust), it shall not: 
(a) 
incur any indebtedness in respect of borrowed money whatsoever, or give any guarantee 
or indemnity in respect of any obligation of any person or issue any shares (or rights, 
warrants or options in respect of shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable for 
shares) except, in all cases, as contemplated in the Transaction Documents; 
(b) 
create any Security Interest over any of its present or future indebtedness for borrowed 
money or upon any of its present or future assets, properties or revenues (other than those 
arising by operation of law (if any) (other than under or pursuant to any of the Transaction 
Documents)); 
(c) 
sell, lease, transfer, assign, participate, exchange or otherwise dispose of, or pledge, 
mortgage, hypothecate or otherwise encumber (by Security Interest (statutory or 
otherwise), preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of 
any kind or nature whatsoever or otherwise) (or permit such to occur or suffer such to 
exist), any part of its interests in any of the Trust Assets except pursuant to any of the 
Transaction Documents; 
(d) 
subject to Condition 19 (Meetings of Certificateholders, Modification, Waiver, 
Authorisation and Determination), amend or agree to any amendment of any Transaction 
Document to which it is a party (other than in accordance with the terms thereof) or its 
constitutional documents;

--- Page 86 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 74 - 
75-41049031 
 
(e) 
except as provided in the Master Declaration of Trust as supplemented by any relevant 
Supplemental Declaration of Trust, act as trustee in respect of any trust other than the 
Trust or in respect of any parties other than the Certificateholders; 
(f) 
have any subsidiaries or employees; 
(g) 
redeem any of its shares or pay any dividend or make any other distribution to its equity 
holders; 
(h) 
use the proceeds of the issue of the Certificates for any purpose other than as stated in the 
Transaction Documents; 
(i) 
prior to the date which is one year and one day after the date on which the relevant trust is 
dissolved, put to its directors or equity holders any resolution for, or appoint any liquidator 
for, its winding up or any resolution for the commencement of any other bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding with respect to it; or 
(j) 
enter into any contract, transaction, amendment, obligation or liability other than the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the Corporate Services Agreement or as 
expressly permitted or required thereunder or engage in any business or activity other than: 
(i) 
as provided for or permitted in the Transaction Documents; 
(ii) 
the ownership, management and disposal of the Trust Assets as provided in the 
Transaction Documents; and 
(iii) 
such other matters which are incidental thereto. 
8. 
Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 8 (Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions) is applicable to the Certificates 
only if the fixed periodic distribution provisions set out in this Condition 8 (Fixed Periodic 
Distribution Provisions) (the "Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions") are specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Periodic Distribution Amount 
A "Periodic Distribution Amount" representing a defined share of the profit in respect 
of the relevant Sukuk Assets will be payable in respect of the relevant Certificates and be 
distributable by the Trustee to the Certificateholders in accordance with these Conditions. 
(c) 
Determination of Periodic Distribution Amount 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the Periodic Distribution Amount 
payable in respect of each Certificate for any Return Accumulation Period shall be the 
Fixed Amount and, if the Certificates are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall 
be the Fixed Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the relevant 
Specified Denomination. Payments of Periodic Distribution Amounts on any Periodic 
Distribution Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms may, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
If any Periodic Distribution Amount is required to be calculated for a period other than a 
Return Accumulation Period or if no relevant Fixed Amount or Broken Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Periodic Distribution Amount shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit 
of the relevant Specified Currency (half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a figure equal to the Specified Denomination of the 
relevant Certificate divided by the Calculation Amount.

--- Page 87 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 75 - 
75-41049031 
 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of a Periodic Distribution 
Amount in accordance with this Condition 8(c) (Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions – 
Determination of Periodic Distribution Amount): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
where the Determination Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in 
any year; and 
(B) 
where the Determination Period is longer than one Regular Period, the 
sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Determination Period falling 
in the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product 
of: (i) the actual number of days in such Regular Period; and (ii) 
the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Determination Period falling 
in the next Regular Period divided by the product of: (i) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period; and (ii) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
period from (and including) the most recent Periodic Distribution Date (or, if none, 
the Issue Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided 
by 360. 
(d) 
Payment in Arrear 
Subject to Condition 8(e) (Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions – Cessation of Profit 
Entitlement), Condition 11(b) (Capital Distributions of the Trust – Early Dissolution for 
Tax Reasons), Condition 11(c) (Capital Distributions of the Trust – Dissolution at the 
Option of QIB), Condition 11(d) (Capital Distributions of the Trust –Redemption at the 
Option of the Certificateholders (Tangibility Event)) and Condition 15 (Dissolution 
Events) below, and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Periodic 
Distribution Amount will be paid in respect of the relevant Certificates in arrear on each 
Periodic Distribution Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (each such date, a 
"Periodic Distribution Date"). 
(e) 
Cessation of Profit Entitlement 
No further amounts will be payable on any Certificate from and including the relevant 
Dissolution Date, unless default is made in the payment of the relevant Dissolution 
Amount as a result of the failure of QIB to pay the relevant Exercise Price or Tangibility 
Event Exercise Price (as the case may be) and the relevant parties shall enter into a transfer 
agreement in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Undertaking Deed or the Sale 
Undertaking Deed, as the case may be, in which case Periodic Distribution Amounts will 
continue to accrue in respect of the Certificates in the manner provided in this Condition 
8 (to be paid out of amounts transferred to the Transaction Documents pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents) to the earlier of: (i) the Relevant Date; or (ii) the date on which 
a transfer agreement is executed in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Undertaking 
Deed or the Sale Undertaking Deed, as the case may be.

--- Page 88 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 76 - 
75-41049031 
 
9. 
Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 9 (Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions) is applicable to the 
Certificates only if the floating periodic distribution provisions set out in this Condition 9 
(Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions) (the "Floating Periodic Distribution 
Provisions") are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Periodic Distribution Amount 
A "Periodic Distribution Amount" representing a defined share of the profit in respect 
of the relevant Sukuk Assets will be payable in respect of the relevant Certificates and be 
distributable by the Trustee to the Certificateholders in accordance with these Conditions. 
Such Periodic Distribution Amounts will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Periodic Distribution Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Periodic Distribution Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Periodic 
Distribution Date, a "Periodic Distribution Date") which falls the number of 
months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final 
Terms after the preceding Periodic Distribution Date or, in the case of the First 
Periodic Distribution Date, after the Issue Date. 
Such Periodic Distribution Amounts will be payable in respect of each Return 
Accumulation Period. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is 
no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which a Periodic Distribution 
Date should occur, or (y) if any Periodic Distribution Date would otherwise fall on a day 
which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
9(b)(ii) (Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions – Periodic Distribution 
Amount) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Periodic Distribution Date: 
(a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the 
relevant month and the provisions below shall apply mutatis mutandis; or (b) in 
the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event: (i) such 
Periodic Distribution Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day; and (ii) each subsequent Periodic Distribution Date shall be the 
last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the 
preceding applicable Periodic Distribution Date occurred; or 
(ii) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Periodic Distribution Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Periodic Distribution 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Periodic 
Distribution Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day; or 
(iv) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Periodic Distribution Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.

--- Page 89 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 77 - 
75-41049031 
 
In these Conditions, "Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally 
in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the relevant Specified Currency and in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre. 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Certificates not referencing SOFR: 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) is/are to be determined, the Rate applicable to the Certificates for each 
Return Accumulation Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following 
basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is a composite 
quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of 
the Relevant Time on the relevant Periodic Distribution Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Periodic Distribution Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, and provided further that such failure is 
not due to the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Rate applicable to the 
Certificates during such Return Accumulation Period will be the sum of the 
Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined 
in relation to the Certificates in respect of a preceding Return Accumulation 
Period. 
If the Calculation Agent, for any reason, is unable to perform the calculations or obtain 
the Rates as outlined in (i), (ii) or (iii) above, the Calculation Agent will inform the Trustee 
as soon as practicable and, in such case, the Trustee will appoint an alternative agent to 
determine the Rate or will provide the Rate themselves in accordance with the procedures 
set out above. 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Certificates referencing SOFR: 
(i) 
Subject to Condition 9(k) (Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions – 
Benchmark Replacement), if Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate is to be determined and 
the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is SOFR: 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being "Compounded Daily", the Rate for each Return Accumulation 
Period will, subject as provided below, be the Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"Compounded Daily Reference Rate" means, with respect to a Return 
Accumulation Period, the rate of return of a daily compound investment 
in the Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference Rate (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms and further provided for below) 
as the reference rate for the calculation of profit) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on the Determination Date, as follows, and the

--- Page 90 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 78 - 
75-41049031 
 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏
(1 +
𝑟𝑖−𝑝𝐵𝐷×𝑛𝑖
𝐷
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 𝐷
𝑑 
"Applicable Period" means, 
(1) 
where "Lag", "Lock-out" or "Payment Delay" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Return Accumulation Period; and 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the Observation Period 
relating to such Return Accumulation Period; 
"Business Day" or "BD" means a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day; 
"D" is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 360); 
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar 
days in such Applicable Period; 
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business 
Days in such Applicable Period; 
"Effective Periodic Distribution Date" means any date or dates 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"i" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers 
from one to do, each representing the relevant Business Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first Business Day in such 
Applicable Period; 
"Lock-out Period" means the period from, and including, the day 
following the Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding 
Periodic Distribution Date; 
"ni", for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the 
number of calendar days from and including such Business Day "i" up to 
but excluding the following Business Day; 
"New York Fed's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any 
successor website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of a Return Accumulation 
Period, the period from and including the date falling "p" Business Days 
prior to the first day of the relevant Return Accumulation Period and 
ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" Business Days prior to 
the Periodic Distribution Date for such Return Accumulation Period (or 
the date falling "p" Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Certificates become due and payable); 
"p" means, for any Return Accumulation Period: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of Business Days included 
in the Observation Look-back Period specified in the applicable

--- Page 91 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 79 - 
75-41049031 
 
Final Terms (which shall not be less than five Business Days 
without the consent of the Calculation Agent); 
(2) 
where "Lock-out" or "Payment Delay" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, zero; or 
(3) 
where "Observation Shift" or "SOFR Index" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of Business Days included in the Observation Look-back Period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (which shall not be less 
than five Business Days without the consent of the Calculation 
Agent), 
or, in each case, if no such period is specified, "p" shall be five Business 
Days; 
"r" means: 
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms either "Lag" or 
"Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method, in 
respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such 
Business Day; 
(2) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lock-out" is specified as 
the Observation Method: 
(A) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference 
Day, the SOFR in respect of the Business Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day, and 
(B) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a 
Reference Day (being a Business Day in the Lock-out 
Period), the SOFR in respect of the Business Day 
immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the 
relevant Return Accumulation Period (such last 
Reference Day coinciding with the Determination 
Date); and 
(3) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Payment Delay" is 
specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any Business 
Day, the SOFR in respect of such Business Day, provided 
however that, in the case of the last Return Accumulation 
Period, in respect of each Business Day in the period from (and 
including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the 
Scheduled Dissolution Date or the date fixed for redemption, as 
applicable, "r" shall be the SOFR in respect of the Rate Cut-off 
Date; 
"Rate Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Reference Day" means each Business Day in the relevant Return 
Accumulation Period, other than any Business Day in the Lock-out 
Period; 
"ri-pBD" means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition 
of "r" above for, (i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Business Day (being a Business Day 
falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling "p" Business Days 
prior to the relevant Business Day "i" or, (ii) otherwise, the relevant 
Business Day "i";

--- Page 92 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 80 - 
75-41049031 
 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to 
the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate) on the New York Fed's Website, in 
each case on or about 5:00 p.m. (New York City Time) on the Business 
Day immediately following such Business Day (the "SOFR 
Determination Time"); and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for 
a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being "Weighted Average", the Rate for each Return Accumulation 
Period will, subject to as provided below, be the Weighted Average 
Reference Rate (as defined below) plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Determination Date and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards, where: 
"Business Day" has the meaning set out in paragraph (i) above; 
"Lock-out Period" has the meaning set out in paragraph (i) above; 
"Observation Period" has the meaning set out in paragraph (i) above; 
"Reference Day" has the meaning set out in paragraph (i) above; and 
"Weighted Average Reference Rate" means: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rate in effect for each calendar day during the relevant 
Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant 
Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in 
effect, determining the sum of such products and dividing such 
sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation 
Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any 
calendar day which is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be 
the Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day; and 
(2) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rate in effect for each calendar day during the relevant Return 
Accumulation Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant 
Reference Rate by the number of days such rate is in effect, 
determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by 
the number of calendar days in the relevant Return 
Accumulation Period, provided however that for any calendar 
day of such Return Accumulation Period falling in the Lock-out 
Period, the relevant Reference Rate for each day during that 
Lock-out Period will be deemed to be the Reference Rate in 
effect for the Reference Day immediately preceding the first day 
of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate 
in effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall, 
subject to the proviso above, be deemed to be the Reference Rate

--- Page 93 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 81 - 
75-41049031 
 
in effect for the Business Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day. 
(C) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being "SOFR Index", the Rate for each Return Accumulation Period 
will, subject as provided below, be the SOFR Index Reference Rate (as 
defined below) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.00000005 being rounded 
upwards, where: 
"p" has the meaning set out in paragraph (i) above; 
"SOFR Averages" shall mean the computation bearing the same name 
as published on the New York Fed's Website; 
"SOFR Index" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, means: 
(1) 
the SOFR Index value as published by the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) as such index appears on the New 
York Fed's Website at 5.00 p.m. (New York City time) on such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR 
Determination Time"); or 
(2) 
if a SOFR Index value does not so appear as specified in (i) 
above at the SOFR Determination Time, then: 
(A) 
if a Benchmark Event has not occurred, the SOFR Index 
Reference Rate shall be the SOFR Index Unavailable 
value; or 
(B) 
if a Benchmark Event has occurred, then the SOFR 
Index Reference Rate shall be the rate determined 
pursuant to Condition 9(k) (Floating Periodic 
Distribution Provisions – Benchmark Replacement); 
"SOFR IndexEnd" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Period Date 
relating to such Return Accumulation Period; 
"SOFR Index Reference Rate" means: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1)  x (360
𝑑𝑐
) 
where "dc" is the number of calendar days from (and including) SOFR 
IndexStart to (but excluding) SOFR IndexEnd (the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Observation Period); 
"SOFR IndexStart" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date of the 
relevant Return Accumulation Period; and 
"SOFR Index Unavailable" means if a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR 
IndexEnd is not published on the associated Determination Date and a 
Benchmark Event has have not occurred, "SOFR Index Reference Rate" 
means, for the relevant Return Accumulation Period for which such 
index is not available, the rate of return on a daily compounded interest 
investment calculated in accordance with the formula for SOFR

--- Page 94 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 82 - 
75-41049031 
 
Averages, and definitions required for such formula, published on the 
New 
York 
Federal 
Reserve's 
Website 
at 
https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-reference-
ratesinformation. For the purposes of this provision, references in the 
SOFR Averages compounding formula and related definitions to 
"calculation period" shall be replaced with "Observation Period" and the 
words "that is, 30-, 90-, or 180- calendar days" shall be removed. If the 
daily SOFR does not so appear for any day, "i" in the Observation Period, 
SOFR for such day "i" shall be SOFR published in respect of the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which SOFR 
was published on the New York Federal Reserve's Website. 
(ii) 
If, in respect of any Business Day (as defined in paragraph (i) above), the 
Reference Rate is not available, subject to Condition 9(k) (Floating Periodic 
Distribution Provisions – Benchmark Replacement) such Reference Rate shall be 
the SOFR (as defined in paragraph (i) above) for the first preceding Business Day 
on which the SOFR was published on the New York Fed's Website (as defined in 
paragraph (i) above) and "r" shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(iii) 
If the Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions, but 
without prejudice to Condition 9(k) (Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions – 
Benchmark Replacement): (i) the Rate shall be that determined as at the last 
preceding Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
a maximum Rate or a minimum Rate is to be applied to the relevant Return 
Accumulation Period from that which applied to the last preceding Return 
Accumulation Period, the Margin or maximum Rate or minimum Rate relating to 
the relevant Return Accumulation Period, in place of the Margin or maximum 
Rate or minimum Rate relating to that last preceding Return Accumulation 
Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding Determination Date, the initial Rate 
which would have been applicable to such Series of Certificates for the first 
Return Accumulation Period had the Certificates been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Return Accumulation Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any 
maximum Rate or minimum Rate relating to the first Return Accumulation 
Period). 
(iv) 
If the relevant Series of Certificates become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 11 or Condition 15, the final Determination Date shall, notwithstanding 
any Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be 
the date on which such Certificates became due and payable and the Rate on such 
Certificates shall, for so long as any such Certificate remains outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
(v) 
For the purposes of this Condition 9(d), if "Payment Delay" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, all references in these Conditions to 
profit on the Certificates being payable on a Periodic Distribution Date shall be 
read as reference to profit on the Certificates being payable on an Effective 
Periodic Distribution Date instead. 
(vi) 
If the Calculation Agent, for any reason, is unable to perform the calculations or 
obtain the Rate as outlined in (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi) above, the Calculation 
Agent will inform the Trustee as soon as practicable and, in such case, the Trustee 
will appoint an alternative agent to determine the Rate or will provide the Rate 
themselves in accordance with the procedures set out above. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of a Return 
Accumulation Period, the Rate for such Return Accumulation Period shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the

--- Page 95 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 83 - 
75-41049031 
 
Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Return Accumulation Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Return Accumulation Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case 
may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and 
by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
"Applicable Maturity" means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Cessation of Profit Entitlement 
Provided that, upon due presentation, payment is not improperly withheld or refused, no 
further amounts will be payable on any Certificate from and including the relevant 
Dissolution Date. 
(g) 
Calculation of Periodic Distribution Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate is to be 
determined in relation to each Return Accumulation Period, calculate the Periodic 
Distribution Amount payable in respect of each Certificate for such Return Accumulation 
Period. The Periodic Distribution Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate 
applicable to the relevant Return Accumulation Period (i) to the face amount (in the case 
of a Certificate in global form) or (ii) to the Calculation Amount (in the case of a 
Certificate in individual registered form), multiplying the product by the relevant Day 
Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure 
by a figure equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Certificate divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency 
other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of a Periodic Distribution 
Amount in accordance with this Condition 9(g) (Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions 
– Calculation of Periodic Distribution Amount): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual", "Actual/Actual (ISDA)", "Act/Act" or "Act/Act (ISDA)" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Return 
Accumulation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Return 
Accumulation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (a) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Return Accumulation Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (b) the actual number of days in that portion of the Return 
Accumulation Period falling in a non- leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" or "Act/Act (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(A) 
where the Determination Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the 
Determination Period divided by the product of: (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period; and (2) the number of Regular Periods in 
any year; and 
(B) 
where the Determination Period is longer than one Regular Period, the 
sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Determination Period falling 
in the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product 
of: (i) the actual number of days in such Regular Period; and (ii) 
the number of Regular Periods in any year; and

--- Page 96 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 84 - 
75-41049031 
 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Determination Period falling 
in the next Regular Period divided by the product: of (i) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period; and (ii) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)", "Act/365 (Fixed)", "A/365 (Fixed)" or "A/365F" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Return 
Accumulation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Return Accumulation Period divided by 365 or, in the case 
of a Periodic Distribution Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360", "Act/360" or "A/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Return Accumulation Period in respect of which 
payment is being made divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Return Accumulation Period in respect of which 
payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1) + [(𝐷2 −𝐷1)]]
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Return 
Accumulation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Return Accumulation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Return Accumulation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Return Accumulation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day of the Return Accumulation Period, expressed as a 
number, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Return Accumulation Period, unless such number would be 
31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360", "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Return Accumulation Period in respect of which payment 
is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1) + [(𝐷2 −𝐷1)]]
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Return 
Accumulation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Return Accumulation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Return Accumulation Period falls;

--- Page 97 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 85 - 
75-41049031 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Return Accumulation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Return Accumulation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Return Accumulation Period, unless such number would be 
31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if "30E/360(ISDA)" specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Return Accumulation Period in respect of which payment is being made 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1) + [(𝐷2 −𝐷1)]]
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Return 
Accumulation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Return Accumulation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Return Accumulation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Return Accumulation Period falls; and 
"D1" is the first calendar day of the Return Accumulation Period, expressed as a 
number, of the Return Accumulation Period unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February, or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Return Accumulation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day 
of February but not the Scheduled Dissolution Date, or (ii) such number would 
be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(h) 
Calculation of Other Amounts 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that any other amount is to be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or 
times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The 
relevant amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for 
determining any Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate. The Calculation Agent 
will be entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by QIB or the 
Independent Adviser and will have no liability for such actions taken at the direction of 
QIB or the Independent Adviser. 
(i) 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate and Periodic Distribution Amount determined 
by it, together with the relevant Periodic Distribution Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified 
to the Paying Agents and, if listed, Euronext Dublin as soon as practicable after such 
determination but (in the case of each Rate, Periodic Distribution Amount and Periodic 
Distribution Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Return

--- Page 98 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 86 - 
75-41049031 
 
Accumulation Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the 
Certificateholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Periodic 
Distribution Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event 
of an extension or shortening of the relevant Return Accumulation Period. If the 
Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination, the Calculation 
Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Periodic Distribution Amount but instead may 
publish only the Calculation Amount and the Periodic Distribution Amount in respect of 
a Certificate having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(j) 
Notifications, etc. to be final 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 9 (Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions) by the Calculation Agent will (in 
the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Trustee, the Delegate, QIB, the Agents 
and all Certificateholders. In the absence of negligence, wilful default or fraud no liability 
to the Trustee, the Delegate, QIB, any Agent or the Certificateholders shall attach to the 
Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions under this Condition 9 (Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions). 
(k) 
Benchmark Replacement 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 9 (Floating Periodic Distribution 
Provisions), if QIB determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the 
relevant Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms when any Rate (or the 
relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Reference 
Rate, then the Trustee (failing which QIB) shall certify to the Calculation Agent and the 
Delegate that a Benchmark Event has occurred and the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
QIB shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser as soon 
as reasonably practicable to determine (in consultation with the Calculation Agent 
and Principal Paying Agent) a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the Independent 
Adviser determines that there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate 
no later than 10 Business Days prior to the relevant Periodic Distribution 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Return Accumulation Period 
(the "RA Determination Cut-off Date") for the purposes of determining the Rate 
applicable to the Certificates for all future Return Accumulation Periods (subject 
to the subsequent operation of this Condition 9(k) (Floating Periodic Distribution 
Provisions – Benchmark Replacement)); 
(ii) 
if QIB is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference 
Rate prior to the RA Determination Cut-off Date in accordance with subparagraph 
(i) above, then QIB (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
may determine a Successor Rate or, if QIB determines that there is no Successor 
Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate for the purposes of determining the Rate 
applicable to the Certificates for all future Return Accumulation Periods (subject 
to the subsequent operation of this Condition 9(k) (Floating Periodic Distribution 
Provisions – Benchmark Replacement)); provided, however, that if this 
subparagraph (ii) applies and QIB is unable or unwilling to determine a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the Periodic Distribution 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Return Accumulation Period 
in accordance with this subparagraph (ii), the Rate applicable to such Return 
Accumulation Period shall be equal to the Rate last determined in relation to the 
Certificates in respect of the immediately preceding Return Accumulation Period 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Return Accumulation Period from that which applied to the last preceding Return 
Accumulation Period for which the Rate was determined, the Margin relating to 
the relevant Return Accumulation Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Return Accumulation Period). For the avoidance of doubt, if this 
subparagraph (ii) applies and QIB is unable or unwilling to determine a Successor

--- Page 99 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 87 - 
75-41049031 
 
Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the Periodic Distribution 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Return Accumulation Period 
in accordance with this subparagraph (ii), this subparagraph (ii) shall apply to the 
relevant next succeeding Return Accumulation Period only and any subsequent 
Return Accumulation Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 9(k) (Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions – Benchmark 
Replacement); 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance 
with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate for all future Return Accumulation 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 9(k) (Floating 
Periodic Distribution Provisions – Benchmark Replacement)); 
(iv) 
the Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as the case may be); 
(v) 
if the Independent Adviser or QIB, as the case may be, determines a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate and, in each case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread, in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent 
Adviser (in consultation with QIB) or QIB (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may also specify changes to these Conditions, 
the Agency Agreement and/or the Declaration of Trust, including, without 
limitation, changes to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business 
Day Convention, Business Day, Periodic Distribution Determination Date, 
Periodic Distribution Dates and/or the definition of Reference Rate or Adjustment 
Spread applicable to the Certificates (and in each case, related provisions and 
definitions), and the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the 
Certificates, in order to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread (as applicable), which changes shall apply to the Certificates for all future 
Return Accumulation Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 9(k) (Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions – Benchmark 
Replacement)) (each a "Benchmark Amendment" and together, the 
"Benchmark Amendments"); 
(vi) 
any Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 9(k) (Floating 
Periodic Distribution Provisions – Benchmark Replacement) shall act in good 
faith and (in the absence of fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to QIB, the 
Delegate, the Calculation Agent or Certificateholders for any determination made 
by it or for any advice given to QIB in connection with any determination made 
by QIB pursuant to this Condition 9(k) (Floating Periodic Distribution 
Provisions – Benchmark Replacement). No Certificateholder consent shall be 
required in connection with effecting the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), any Adjustment Spread or such other changes 
pursuant to subparagraph (v), including for the execution of any documents, 
amendments or other steps by QIB or the Calculation Agent (if required); 
(vii) 
the Trustee (failing which QIB) shall promptly following the determination of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread give notice 
thereof and of any Benchmark Amendments pursuant to subparagraph (v) above 
to the Calculation Agent (at least nine Business Days prior to the date on which 
they are to become effective, to enable it to update its systems in order to carry 
out the new calculation (and for the clearing systems' records to be updated)), the 
Delegate, the other Agents and the Certificateholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices). No later than notifying the Delegate and the Agents of 
the same, the Trustee shall deliver to the Delegate and the Agents a certificate 
signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Trustee confirming (i) that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable), and (iii) where applicable, the terms of any Benchmark

--- Page 100 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 88 - 
75-41049031 
 
Amendments pursuant to sub-paragraph (vi) above and certifying that the 
Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate and/or Alternative Reference Rate; 
The Delegate and the Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without 
enquiry or liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor 
Reference or Alternative Rate and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified 
in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the determination of 
the Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Delegate's or the Agent's ability 
to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Trustee, the Delegate, 
QIB, the Agents and the Certificateholders. 
(viii) 
notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 9 (Floating Periodic 
Distribution Provisions), if in the Calculation Agent's opinion there is any 
uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 9 (Floating Periodic 
Distribution Provisions), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Trustee 
and QIB thereof and the Trustee (failing which QIB) shall direct the Calculation 
Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the 
Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise 
unable to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify 
the Trustee and QIB thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no 
obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any 
liability for not doing so; and 
(ix) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Delegate and the Agents shall, at the request of 
QIB or the Independent Advisor (as the case may be) and at the expense of the 
QIB, without any requirement for the consent of the Certificateholders but subject 
to receipt by the Delegate and the Agents of a certificate signed by two Authorised 
Signatories of the Trustee pursuant to subparagraph (vii) above, concur with the 
QIB or the Independent Advisor, as the case may be, in effective any Benchmark 
Amendments to the Conditions, the Agency Agreement and the Declaration of 
Trust determines and certifies to the Delegate and Agents may be required in order 
to give effect to this Condition 9 (regardless of whether or not giving effect to 
such Benchmark Amendments would constitute a Reserved Matter (as defined in 
the Declaration of Trust) or one or more provisos under Condition 19 (Meeting of 
Noteholders; Modification, Waiver Authorisation and Determination)) provided, 
however, that neither the Delegate nor any Agent (as applicable) shall be obliged 
to concur if in the sole opinion of the Delegate or the Agents (as applicable), doing 
so would (i) expose the Delegate and/or the Agents (as applicable) to any 
additional liabilities against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction or (ii) impose more onerous obligations upon 
it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or reduce or amend its 
rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to it in the Declaration of Trust 
and/or these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement (as applicable) (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed or agency agreement) in 
any way. 
10. 
Payment 
(a) 
Payments in respect of Certificates 
Subject to Condition 8(b) (Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions – Periodic Distribution 
Amount) or Condition 9(b) (Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions – Periodic 
Distribution Amount) (as applicable), payment of each Periodic Distribution Amount and 
the relevant Dissolution Amount will be made by the relevant Paying Agent in the 
Specified Currency, by wire transfer in same day funds to the registered account of each 
Certificateholder. Payments of the Dissolution Amount will only be made against 
surrender of the relevant Certificate at the specified office of the relevant Paying Agent.

--- Page 101 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 89 - 
75-41049031 
 
The Dissolution Amount and each Periodic Distribution Amount will be paid to the holder 
shown on the Register at the close of business on the relevant Record Date. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
(i) 
a Certificateholder's "registered account" means an account denominated in the 
Specified Currency maintained by or on behalf of it with a bank that processes 
payments in the Specified Currency, details of which appear on the Register at 
the close of business on the relevant Record Date; 
(ii) 
a Certificateholder's "registered address" means its address appearing on the 
Register at that time; and 
(iii) 
"Record Date" means: 
(A) 
in the case of the payment of a Periodic Distribution Amount, the close 
of business on the day prior to the relevant Periodic Distribution Date; 
and 
(B) 
in the case of the payment of a Dissolution Amount, the date falling two 
Payment Business Days before the relevant Dissolution Date or other due 
date for payment of the relevant Periodic Distribution Amount. 
(b) 
Payments subject to Applicable Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations 
and directives in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of this 
Condition 10 (Payment) and Condition 12 (Taxation), and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as amended, the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any 
official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission 
or expenses shall be charged to the Certificateholders in respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Payment only on a Payment Business Day 
Payment instructions (for value the due date or, if that is not a Payment Business Day, for 
value the first following day which is a Payment Business Day) will be initiated by the 
relevant Paying Agent, on the due date for payment or, in the case of a payment of the 
Dissolution Amount, if later, on the Business Day on which the relevant Certificate is 
surrendered at the specified office of the relevant Paying Agent. 
Certificateholders will not be entitled to any additional Periodic Distribution Amount, 
Dissolution Amount or other payment for any delay after the due date in receiving the 
amount due if the due date is not a Payment Business Day, if the relevant Certificateholder 
is late in surrendering his Certificate (if required to do so). 
If the Dissolution Amount or any Periodic Distribution Amount is not paid in full when 
due, the relevant Registrar will annotate the Register with a record of the amount actually 
paid. 
(d) 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Certificates, the Agents 
act solely as agents of the Trustee and (to the extent provided in the Master Declaration of 
Trust and the Agency Agreement) the Delegate and do not assume any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Certificateholders or any other 
party to the Transaction Documents. 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out in this 
Condition 10(d) (Payment – Agents). The Trustee reserves the right at any time to vary or

--- Page 102 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 90 - 
75-41049031 
 
terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or to appoint additional or other Agents 
provided that: (a) it will at all times maintain a Principal Paying Agent, a CMU Lodging 
and Paying Agent, a Principal Registrar and a CMU Registrar (which may be the same 
entity); and (b) so long as any Certificates are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
on any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, there will at all times be 
a Paying Agent and a Transfer Agent having its specified office in such place (if any) as 
may be required by the rules of such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any Specified Office shall be given to the 
Trustee, the Delegate and the Certificateholders in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. 
The name and specified office of the Principal Paying Agent and Calculation Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London 
EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
The name and specified office of the Registrar and Transfer Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
11. 
Capital Distributions of the Trust 
(a) 
Dissolution on the relevant Scheduled Dissolution Date 
Unless the Certificates are previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Trustee 
shall redeem each Certificate at the Dissolution Amount and the Trust will be dissolved 
by the Trustee on the relevant Scheduled Dissolution Date. 
(b) 
Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons 
If a Tax Event occurs, where "Tax Event" means: 
(i) 
(A) the Trustee has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided 
or referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction or any change in 
the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change 
or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche; 
and (B) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Trustee taking reasonable 
measures available to it; or 
(ii) 
(A) the Trustee has received notice from the Mudarib (in the case of a 
Wakala/Mudaraba Series) and/or the Service Agent that it has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts to the Trustee pursuant to the terms of any 
Transaction Document as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche; and (B) such obligation 
cannot be avoided by taking reasonable measures available to it,

--- Page 103 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 91 - 
75-41049031 
 
then, QIB may: 
(a) 
exercise its option granted under clause 2.1.1 (Grant of Rights) of the Sale 
Undertaking Deed in accordance with clause 3.1.1 (Exercise and Undertaking) 
thereof; and 
(b) 
(in the case of Wakala/Mudaraba Series only) in its capacity as Mudarib, liquidate 
(in whole, but not in part) the Restricted Mudaraba in respect of the relevant 
Restricted Mudaraba Contract in accordance with the provisions of the Master 
Restricted Mudaraba Agreement and the applicable Restricted Mudaraba 
Contract, 
and deliver an Exercise Notice to the Trustee specifying the due date for redemption of 
the Certificates (in whole, but not in part): 
(1) 
at any time (if the Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions are not specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(2) 
on any Periodic Distribution Date (if the Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions 
are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable), 
such notice to be delivered in the prescribed form set out in the Sale Undertaking Deed 
and not less than 45 nor more than 90 days prior to the due date for redemption stated 
therein. 
Following receipt by the Trustee of a duly completed Exercise Notice from QIB under the 
Sale Undertaking Deed, the Trustee shall, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days' notice to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Trustee to dissolve the Certificates on the 
relevant Dissolution Date), dissolve the Trust and redeem (in whole, but not in part) the 
Certificates at their Early Dissolution Amount (Tax), together with Periodic Distribution 
Amounts accrued (if any) to the Dissolution Date provided, however, that no such notice 
of dissolution shall be given to Certificateholders earlier than: 
(x) 
where the Certificates may be dissolved at any time (if the Floating Periodic 
Distribution Provisions are not specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable), 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Trustee would be 
obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Certificates 
were then due or (in the case of (ii) above) QIB would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts if a payment to the Trustee under the Master Restricted 
Mudaraba Agreement as supplemented by the relevant Restricted Mudaraba 
Contract and/or the Service Agency Agreement (as the case may be) was then 
due; or 
(y) 
where the Certificates may be dissolved only on a Periodic Distribution Date (if 
the Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable), 60 days prior to the Periodic Distribution Date 
occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the Trustee would be 
obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Certificates 
were then due or (in the case of (ii) above) QIB would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts if a payment to the Trustee under the Master Restricted 
Mudaraba Agreement as supplemented by the relevant Restricted Mudaraba 
Contract and/or the Service Agency Agreement (as the case may be) was then 
due. 
Prior to the publication by or on behalf of the Trustee of any notice to Certificateholders 
pursuant to this Condition 11 (Capital Distribution of the Trust), it shall be sufficient, to 
establish that the conditions precedent set out in this Condition 11 (Capital Distribution 
of the Trust) to the right of the Trustee to dissolve the Trust have occurred, if QIB shall 
deliver to the Trustee and the Delegate an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing or accountant of recognised standing to the effect either that such

--- Page 104 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 92 - 
75-41049031 
 
circumstances do exist or that, upon a change in or amendment to the laws (including any 
regulations pursuant thereto), or in the interpretation or administration thereof, of any 
Relevant Jurisdiction, which at the date of such Certificate is proposed and in the opinion 
of such legal adviser or accountant is reasonably expected to become effective on or prior 
to the date on which the relevant Periodic Distribution Amount or, as the case may be, 
Dissolution Amount in respect of the Certificates would otherwise be made, becoming so 
effective, such circumstances would exist and the Trustee or the Delegate shall be entitled 
to accept such opinion as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the relevant conditions 
precedent in which event they shall be conclusive and binding on the Certificateholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice to Certificateholders as is referred to above, the Trustee 
shall be bound to dissolve the Certificates in accordance with this Condition 11(b) (Capital 
Distribution of the Trust – Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons). Upon such dissolution as 
aforesaid and the termination of the Trust, the Certificates shall cease to represent interests 
in the Trust Assets and no further amounts shall be payable in respect thereof and the 
Trustee shall have no further obligations in respect thereof. 
(c) 
Dissolution at the Option of QIB 
If the Optional Dissolution Right (as set out in the applicable Final Terms) is specified in 
such Final Terms as being applicable, QIB shall: 
(i) 
exercise its option granted under clause 2.1.2 (Grant of Rights) of the Sale 
Undertaking Deed in accordance with clause 3.1.2 (Exercise and Undertaking) 
thereof; and 
(ii) 
(in the case of Wakala/Mudaraba Series only) in its capacity as Mudarib, liquidate 
(in whole, but not in part) the Restricted Mudaraba in respect of the relevant 
Restricted Mudaraba Contract in accordance with the provisions of the Master 
Restricted Mudaraba Agreement and the applicable Restricted Mudaraba 
Contract, 
and deliver an Exercise Notice to the Trustee specifying the due date for redemption of 
the Certificates (in whole, but not in part) on any Optional Dissolution Date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, such notice to be delivered in the prescribed form set out in 
the Sale Undertaking Deed and not less than 45 days prior to the due date for redemption 
stated therein. 
Following receipt by the Trustee of a duly completed Exercise Notice in the prescribed 
form pursuant to this Condition 11(c) (Capital Distributions of the Trust – Dissolution at 
the Option of QIB), the Trustee shall, on giving not less than 45 nor more than 60 days' 
notice to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Trustee to dissolve the Certificates on the relevant 
Optional Dissolution Date), dissolve the Trust and redeem (in whole, but not in part) the 
Certificates at the relevant Optional Dissolution Amount, together with Periodic 
Distribution Amounts accrued (if any) to the Optional Dissolution Date. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice to Certificateholders as is referred to in this Condition 
11(c) (Capital Distribution of the Trust – Dissolution at the Option of QIB), the Trustee 
shall be bound to dissolve the Certificates in accordance with this Condition 11(c) (Capital 
Distributions of the Trust – No Other Dissolution). Upon payment in full of such amounts 
and the dissolution as aforesaid and termination of the relevant Trust, the Certificates shall 
cease to represent interests in the Trust Assets and no further amounts shall be payable in 
respect thereof and the Trustee shall have no further obligations in respect thereof. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Certificateholders (Tangibility Event) 
If a Tangibility Event occurs, upon receipt of a Tangibility Event Notice from QIB in 
accordance with the Service Agency Agreement, the Trustee shall promptly give notice to 
the Certificateholders and the Delegate (a "Delisting Notice") in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices) specifying:

--- Page 105 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 93 - 
75-41049031 
 
(i) 
That a Tangibility Event has occurred, together with an explanation of the reasons 
for, and evidence of, such occurrence; 
(ii) 
as determined in consultation with the Shari'a Board, the Certificates should be 
tradable only in accordance with the Shari'a principles of debt trading; 
(iii) 
that, on the date falling 15 days following the Tangibility Event Redemption Date, 
the Certificates will be delisted from any stock exchange (if any) on which the 
Certificates have been admitted to listing or if such date is not a business day, the 
next following business day ("business day" being, for this purpose, a day on 
which the stock exchange on which the Certificates are admitted to listing is open 
for business); and 
(iv) 
the Tangibility Event Put Right Period, during which period any Certificateholder 
shall have the option to require the redemption of all or any of its Certificates. 
Upon receipt of the Delisting Notice, any Certificateholder may exercise its option within 
the Tangibility Event Put Right Period to require the redemption of all or any of its 
Certificates. 
If any Certificateholder exercises its right to redeem its Certificates in accordance with 
this Condition 11(d), the Trustee shall redeem such Certificates on the Tangibility Event 
Redemption Date at the Tangibility Event Redemption Amount together with the Periodic 
Distribution Amounts on such Certificate due to (but excluding) the relevant Tangibility 
Event Redemption Date. If all (and not some only) of the Certificates are to be redeemed 
on any Tangibility Event Redemption Date in accordance with this Condition 11(d), upon 
payment in full of such amounts to all Certificateholders and execution of a transfer 
agreement pursuant to the Purchase Undertaking Deed, the Trustee shall be bound to 
dissolve the Trust. 
To exercise its "Optional Redemption (Tangibility Event) Right" to require the redemption 
of the Certificates under this Condition 11(d) a Certificateholder must (where a Certificate 
is an Individual Certificate) within the Tangibility Event Put Right Period, deliver, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during the normal business hours of such 
Paying Agent, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time 
being current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (an "Individual 
Certificate Put Notice") and in which the Certificateholder must specify a bank account 
to which payment is to be made under this Condition 11(d) and the face amount of the 
Certificate to be redeemed and, if less than the full face amount of the Certificate is to be 
redeemed, an address to which a new Individual Certificate in respect of the balance of 
such Certificate is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the Conditions, in each case, 
accompanied by the Certificate or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned 
that the Certificate will, following delivery of the Individual Certificate Put Notice, be 
held to its order or under its control (such notice by a Certificateholder being a 
"Tangibility Event Put Notice" for the purposes of this Condition 11(d)). 
If a Certificate is represented by a Global Certificate or is an Individual Certificate and 
held through the CMU, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, then to exercise the 
"Optional Redemption (Tangibility Event) Right" to require redemption of such 
Certificate the holder of such Certificate must, within the Tangibility Event Put Right 
Period, deliver a Global Certificate Put Notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such 
exercise (including the face amount of the Certificates in respect of which such right is 
exercised) in accordance with the standard procedures of the CMU, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instructions by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them to the 
Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) and, if a Certificate is represented by a Global 
Certificate, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global 
Certificate to the Principal Paying Agent for notation accordingly (such notice by a 
Certificateholder being a "Tangibility Event Put Notice" for the purposes of this 
Condition 11(d)).

--- Page 106 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 94 - 
75-41049031 
 
All notices to be given by any Certificateholder to the Trustee under this Condition 11(d) 
must be given in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). Any Tangibility Event Put 
Notice given by a Certificateholder pursuant to this Condition 11(d) shall be irrevocable 
and the Trustee will redeem all Certificates which are the subject of a validly delivered 
Put Notice on the relevant Tangibility Event Redemption Date. 
If 75 per cent. or more of the aggregate face amount of Certificates then outstanding have 
been redeemed pursuant to this Condition 11(d), the Trustee shall, upon receipt of a duly 
completed Exercise Notice from QIB pursuant to the Sale Undertaking, on giving not less 
than 15 days' nor more than 30 days' notice to the Delegate and the Certificateholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), redeem the Certificates in whole, but not in part, 
at their Dissolution Amount on the date specified in such notice (such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall oblige the Trustee to redeem the Certificates on such date (the "Clean 
Up Call Dissolution Date")) (the "Clean Up (Call) Right"). 
(e) 
Dissolution following a Dissolution Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event which is continuing, the Certificates may be 
redeemed at the Dissolution Amount on the Dissolution Event Redemption Date, if the 
conditions set out in Condition 15 (Dissolution Events) are satisfied, and the Trust will be 
dissolved by the Trustee. 
(f) 
No other Dissolution 
The Trustee shall not be entitled to redeem the Certificates, and the Trustee shall not be 
entitled to dissolve the Trust otherwise than as provided in this Condition 11 (Capital 
Distributions of the Trust), Condition 14(c) (Purchase and Cancellation of Certificates – 
Dissolution of the Trust upon cancellation of all outstanding Certificates in a Series) and 
Condition 15 (Dissolution Events). 
(g) 
Cancellations 
All Certificates which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled and accordingly may not 
be held, reissued or resold. 
(h) 
Effect of payment in full of Dissolution Amount 
Upon payment in full of the Dissolution Amount and the termination of the Trust, the 
Certificates shall cease to represent an undivided ownership interest in the relevant Trust 
Assets and no further amounts shall be payable in respect thereof and the Trustee shall 
have no further obligations in respect thereof. 
12. 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Certificates by or on behalf of the Trustee shall be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, imposed or levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction ("Taxes"), unless the withholding 
or deduction of the Taxes is required by law. In such event, the Trustee will pay such additional 
amounts as shall be necessary in order that the full amount which otherwise would have been due 
and payable under the Certificates is received by the Certificateholders, except that no such 
additional amount shall be payable in relation to any payment in respect of any Certificate: 
(a) 
the holder of which is liable for such Taxes in respect of such Certificate by reason of 
having some connection with a Relevant Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such 
Certificate; or 
(b) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that a holder would have been entitled to additional amounts on 
presenting the same for payment on the last day of the period of 30 days.

--- Page 107 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 95 - 
75-41049031 
 
In these Conditions: 
"Relevant Date" means the date on which the payment first becomes due but, if the full amount 
of the money payable has not been received by the relevant Paying Agent or the Trustee or the 
Registrar on or before the due date, it means the date on which the full amount of the money having 
been so received, notice to that effect shall have been duly given to Certificateholders by the 
Trustee in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices); and 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the Cayman Islands and Qatar or, in each case, any political 
subdivision or authority thereof or therein having the power to tax. 
If QIB becomes subject to any taxing jurisdiction other than Qatar, references in these Conditions 
to Qatar shall be construed as references to Qatar and/or such other jurisdiction, as the case may 
be. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the Trustee be required 
to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Certificates for, or on account of, any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, or any official interpretations thereof or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
The applicable Transaction Documents provide that payments thereunder by QIB shall be made 
without any deduction or withholding for, or on account of any present or future taxes, levies, 
duties, fees, assessments or other charges of any nature, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law and without set-off or counterclaim of any kind If withholding or deduction is 
required by law, the Transaction Documents provide for the payment by QIB of all additional 
amounts as will result in the receipt by the Trustee or the Delegate, as applicable, of such amounts 
as would have been received by it if no withholding or deduction had been made. 
Further, in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Undertaking Deed, QIB has undertaken to 
pay such additional amounts as may be necessary pursuant to this Condition 12 (Taxation) so that 
the full amount due and payable by the Trustee in respect of the Certificates to the 
Certificateholders is received by the Trustee for the purposes of payment to the Certificateholders 
in accordance with and subject to the provisions of this Condition 12 (Taxation). 
13. 
Prescription 
The right to receive distributions in respect of the Certificates will be forfeited unless claimed 
within a period of ten (10) years (in the case of the Dissolution Amount) and five (5) years (in the 
case of Periodic Distribution Amounts) from the Relevant Date in respect thereof. 
14. 
Purchase and Cancellation of Certificates 
(a) 
Purchases 
QIB and/or any Subsidiary may at any time purchase Certificates at any price in the open 
market or otherwise. Such Certificates may be held, reissued, re-sold or, at the option of 
QIB, surrendered to the Registrar for cancellation in accordance with Condition 14(b) 
(Purchase and Cancellation of Certificates – Cancellation of Certificates held by QIB 
and/or any of its Subsidiaries). 
(b) 
Cancellation of Certificates held by QIB and/or any of its Subsidiaries 
If QIB wishes to cancel any Certificates purchased by it and/or any Subsidiary pursuant 
to Condition 14(a) (Purchase and Cancellation of Certificates – Purchases) above (the 
"Cancellation Certificates"), QIB may, in accordance with the terms of the Redemption 
Undertaking Deed, deliver a Cancellation Notice to the Trustee requiring it to cancel any 
relevant Certificates surrendered to it by QIB and/or any of its subsidiaries and to transfer 
on any Cancellation Date the Wakala Assets specified by QIB in its sole and absolute 
discretion in the relevant Cancellation Notice, together with all of the Trustee's rights, title, 
interests, benefits and entitlements in and to the Cancellation Wakala Assets, the Value of

--- Page 108 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 96 - 
75-41049031 
 
which shall be no greater than the Wakala Percentage of the aggregate outstanding face 
amount of the Cancellation Certificates. Upon receipt by the Trustee of a Cancellation 
Notice, the Trustee acknowledges and agrees that (in the case of Wakala/Mudaraba Series 
only) the Mudarib shall transfer on the relevant Cancellation Date to QIB the Cancellation 
Mudaraba Assets, provided that the aggregate Value of such Cancellation Mudaraba 
Assets shall be no greater than the Mudaraba Percentage of the aggregate face amount of 
the Cancellation Certificates. 
(c) 
Dissolution of the Trust upon cancellation of all outstanding Certificates in a Series 
In the event QIB and/or any of its Subsidiaries purchase all the outstanding Certificates in 
a Series following the exercise of the relevant Redemption Undertaking, and all such 
Certificates are subsequently cancelled by the Trustee, the relevant Trust will be dissolved 
and the Certificates shall cease to represent an undivided ownership interest in the relevant 
Trust Assets and no further amounts shall be payable in respect thereof and the Trustee 
shall have no further obligations in respect thereof. 
15. 
Dissolution Events 
If, upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each a "Dissolution Event"): 
(a) 
default is made in the payment of the Dissolution Amount on the date fixed for payment 
thereof or default is made in the payment of any Periodic Distribution Amount on the due 
date for payment thereof and, in the case of the Dissolution Amount, such default 
continues unremedied for a period of seven days and, in the case of a Periodic Distribution 
Amount, such default continues unremedied for a period of 14 days; or 
(b) 
the Trustee defaults in the performance or observance of or compliance with any of its 
other obligations or undertakings under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party 
and such default is not capable of remedy (in the opinion of the Delegate) or (if capable 
of remedy (in the opinion of the Delegate)) is not remedied within 30 days after written 
notice of such default shall have been given to the Trustee by the Delegate; or 
(c) 
a QIB Event occurs; or 
(d) 
the Trustee repudiates any Transaction Document to which it is a party or does or causes 
to be done any act or thing evidencing an intention to repudiate any Transaction Document 
to which it is a party; or 
(e) 
at any time it is or will become unlawful or impossible for the Trustee (by way of 
insolvency or otherwise) to perform or comply with any or all of its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents or any of the obligations of the Trustee under the Transaction 
Documents are not or cease to be legal, valid, binding and enforceable; or 
(f) 
either: (a) the Trustee becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due; (b) 
an administrator or liquidator of the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking, 
assets and revenues of the Trustee is appointed (or application for any such appointment 
is made); (c) the Trustee takes any action for a readjustment or deferment of any of its 
obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for 
the benefit of its creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness 
or any guarantee of any indebtedness given by it; or (d) the Trustee ceases or threatens to 
cease to carry on all or substantially the whole of its business; or 
(g) 
an order or decree is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Trustee; or 
(h) 
any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous effect 
to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (f) and (g) above, 
provided, however, that in the case of the occurrence of any of the events described in paragraphs 
(b) and (e), the Delegate shall have certified in writing to QIB that such event is, in its opinion, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the Certificates, the Delegate shall (subject

--- Page 109 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 97 - 
75-41049031 
 
to it being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), subject to it having 
been notified in writing of the occurrence of such Dissolution Event, give notice in writing of the 
occurrence of such Dissolution Event to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices) with a request to such holders to indicate if they wish the Trust to be dissolved. If so 
requested in writing by the holders of at least 20 per cent. of the then aggregate face amount of the 
Series outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Certificateholders (a 
"Dissolution Request") it shall (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction) give notice to the Trustee and QIB of the Dissolution Request and, 
upon receipt of such notice, the Trustee shall exercise its rights under the Purchase Undertaking 
Deed, (in the case of Wakala/Mudaraba Series only) the relevant Restricted Mudaraba shall be 
liquidated in accordance with the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement, and the Trustee shall 
distribute to the Certificateholders the proceeds of the resultant sale and liquidation, together with 
any amounts of Wakala Portfolio Principal Revenues deposited in the Transaction Account by the 
Service Agent in accordance with clause 6.4 of the Service Agency Agreement and the Certificates 
shall be redeemed at the Dissolution Amount on the date specified in such notice (the "Dissolution 
Event Redemption Date") and the Trust shall be dissolved on the day after the last outstanding 
Certificate has been redeemed. 
For the purposes of paragraph (a) above, amounts shall be considered due in respect of the 
Certificates (including for the avoidance of doubt any amounts calculated as being payable under 
Condition 8 (Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions), Condition 9 (Floating Periodic Distribution 
Provisions) and Condition 11 (Capital Distributions of the Trust)) notwithstanding that the Trustee 
has at the relevant time insufficient funds or Trust Assets to pay such amounts. 
For the purposes of this Condition, a "QIB Event" will occur if one or more of the following events 
occurs: 
(a) 
Non-payment: QIB fails to pay: (i) any Wakala Portfolio Income Revenues; or (ii) (in the 
case of Wakala/Mudaraba Series only) any Mudaraba Profit, in the case of (i) and (ii), as 
payable to the Trustee and the failure continues for a period of 14 days or QIB fails to pay; 
(iii) (in the case of Wakala/Mudaraba Series only) the Final Liquidation Proceeds or the 
Tangibility Event Liquidation Proceeds (as applicable); (iv) the Exercise Price or the 
Tangibility Event Exercise Price (as the case may be) payable under the Purchase 
Undertaking or Sale Undertaking; or (v) the Wakala Portfolio Principal Revenues payable 
under clause 6.4 (Application of Wakala Portfolio Principal Revenues) of the Service 
Agency Agreement, in the case of (iii), (iv) and (v), as payable to the Trustee and the 
failure continues for a period of seven days; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: QIB, acting in any capacity defaults in the performance or 
observance of any of its covenants and/or obligations in relation to the Certificates or 
under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (other than the Programme 
Agreement) and such default remains unremedied for a period of 30 days after written 
notice of such default shall have been given to QIB by the Delegate (except where such 
default is, in the opinion of the Delegate, based on information received by the Delegate 
from QIB and/or the Trustee (as applicable), not capable of remedy in which case no such 
notice of default shall be required); or 
(iii) 
Cross-default: any Indebtedness of QIB or any of QIB's Material Subsidiaries (or any 
Guarantee given by any of them in respect of any Indebtedness) is not paid when due or, 
as the case may be, within any originally applicable grace period or any such Indebtedness 
becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity (or, in the case of a Guarantee, is 
called) as a result of an event of default (however described) provided, however, that it 
shall not constitute a QIB Event unless the aggregate amount (or its equivalent in U.S. 
dollars) of all such Indebtedness or Guarantees either alone or when aggregated with all 
other Indebtedness or Guarantees which shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or is so 
declared or becomes due and payable or is called, or a creditor becomes entitled so to do, 
as the case may be, shall be more than U.S.$10,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currencies); or 
(c) 
Winding up, etc.: QIB or any of QIB's Material Subsidiaries takes any corporate action or 
other steps are taken or legal proceedings are started (and such proceedings have not been

--- Page 110 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 98 - 
75-41049031 
 
discharged within 30 days and are not being actively contested in good faith) for its 
winding-up, nationalisation, dissolution, bankruptcy, administration or reorganisation 
(whether by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) or for 
the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, 
conservator, custodian, trustee or similar officer of it or of any substantial part or all of its 
revenues and assets, except for the purposes of and followed by a reconstruction, 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation: (i) on terms approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Certificateholders; or (ii) in the case of a Material 
Subsidiary, whereby all or a substantial part of the undertaking and assets of the Material 
Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in QIB or another Subsidiary of QIB; or 
(d) 
Ceasing of business, etc.: QIB or any of QIB's Material Subsidiaries ceases to carry on the 
whole or a substantial part of its business except for the purposes of and followed by a 
reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation (i) on terms 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Certificateholders or (ii) in the case of a 
Material Subsidiary, whereby all or a substantial part of the undertaking and assets of the 
Material Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in QIB or another Subsidiary of 
QIB; or 
(e) 
Insolvency, etc.: QIB or any of QIB's Material Subsidiaries is (or is deemed by a court or 
any applicable legislation to be) insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay all or a material 
part of its debts as the same fall due, or stops, suspends or threatens to stop or suspend 
payment of all or a material part of its debts, or commences negotiations with its creditors 
as a whole or any one or more classes of its creditors with a view to the general 
readjustment or rescheduling of all or a material part of its debts or proposes or makes a 
general assignment for the benefit of or an arrangement or a composition or conciliation 
with its creditors in respect of such debts; or 
(f) 
Expropriation, etc.: any expropriation, execution, attachment, distress, sequestration or 
other similar legal process made pursuant to a court order or judgment or arising by virtue 
of any law or regulation affects the whole or a substantial part of the property of QIB or 
any of QIB's Material Subsidiaries and is not discharged within 30 days; or 
(g) 
Unsatisfied judgment: QIB or any of QIB's Material Subsidiaries fails to comply with or 
pay any sum which amount shall not be less than U.S.$10,000,000 due from it under any 
final non-appealable judgment or any final non-appealable order made or given by any 
court of competent jurisdiction and such failure continues for a period of 30 days next 
following the service by the Delegate on QIB of notice requiring the same to be 
paid/remedied; or 
(h) 
Government intervention: by or under the authority of any government or governmental 
body, (A) the management of QIB or any of QIB's Material Subsidiaries is wholly or 
substantially displaced or the authority of QIB or any of its Material Subsidiaries in the 
conduct of its business is wholly or substantially curtailed or (B) all or a majority of the 
issued shares of QIB or any of QIB's Material Subsidiaries or the whole or substantial part 
of their respective revenues or assets is seized, nationalised, expropriated or compulsorily 
acquired; or 
(i) 
Unlawfulness: QIB repudiates any Transaction Document to which it is a party or at any 
time it is or becomes unlawful for QIB (acting in any capacity) to perform or comply with 
any or all of its material obligations under or in respect of the Transaction Documents to 
which it is respectively a party or any of the material (in the opinion of the Delegate) 
obligations of QIB (acting in any capacity) thereunder are not or cease to be legal, valid, 
binding and enforceable; or 
(j) 
Security enforced. any Security Interest present or future, created or assumed by QIB or 
any of QIB's Material Subsidiaries in respect of all or a material part of the property, assets 
or revenues of QIB or any of its Material Subsidiaries, as the case may be, becomes 
enforceable and is enforced (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a 
receiver, administrative receiver, manager or other similar person); or

--- Page 111 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 99 - 
75-41049031 
 
(k) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of Qatar has an analogous effect 
to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d), (f) and (k), 
provided, however, that in the case of the occurrence of any of the events described in paragraphs 
(a), (b) or (j) or (in respect of a Material Subsidiary only), (d) to (f) inclusive and (i), the Delegate 
shall have certified in writing to QIB that such event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the holders of the Certificates and QIB has undertaken under the Master Declaration of 
Trust to forthwith notify the Trustee and the Delegate of any QIB Event (and the steps, if any, 
being taken to remedy it) or of any Potential QIB Event promptly upon becoming aware of its 
occurrence. 
16. 
Enforcement and Exercise of Rights 
(a) 
Upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event, to the extent any amount payable in respect 
of the Certificates has not been paid in full, the Trustee (or the Delegate, acting on behalf 
of the Trustee), (subject to it being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction), may (acting for the benefit of the Certificateholders) take one or more of the 
following steps: 
(i) 
enforce the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking Deed against QIB and any 
other Transaction Document to which QIB is a party; and/or 
(ii) 
(in the case of Wakala/Mudaraba Series only) enforce QIB's obligation (in its 
capacity as Mudarib) to liquidate the relevant Restricted Mudaraba in accordance 
with the provisions of the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement and the 
applicable Restricted Mudaraba Contract; and/or 
(iii) 
take such other steps as the Trustee or the Delegate (acting in the name and on 
behalf of the Trustee) may consider necessary to recover amounts due to the 
Certificateholders. 
(b) 
Following the enforcement, realisation of the Certificates and ultimate distribution of the 
net proceeds of the relevant Trust Assets in respect of the Certificates to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with these Conditions and the Master Declaration of 
Trust as supplemented by the relevant Supplemental Declaration of Trust, the obligations 
of the Trustee in respect of the Certificates shall be satisfied. In such circumstances, the 
obligation of the Trustee in respect of the Certificates will be satisfied and the right of the 
Certificateholders to receive any further sums shall be extinguished and neither the Trustee 
nor the Delegate shall be liable for any such sums and, accordingly, Certificateholders 
may not take any action against the Trustee, the Delegate, the Agents or any other person 
(including QIB) to recover any such sum or asset in respect of the relevant Certificates or 
the Trust Assets. In particular, no holder of the Certificates shall be entitled in respect 
thereof to petition or to take any other steps for the winding up of the Trustee. 
(c) 
No Certificateholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against, or to provide instructions 
to the Delegate to proceed against, the Trustee or QIB or to provide instructions to the 
Trustee to proceed directly against QIB in each case under any Transaction Document to 
which either of them is a party unless: (a) the Delegate fails to do so within 30 days of 
becoming so bound and such failure its continuing; and (b) the relevant Certificateholder 
(or such Certificateholder together with the other Certificateholders who propose to 
proceed directly against any of the Trustee or QIB as the case may be) holds at least 20 
per cent. of the then outstanding aggregate face amount of the Series. Under no 
circumstances shall the Delegate or any Certificateholder have any right to cause the sale 
or other disposition of any of the relevant Trust Assets and the sole right of the Delegate 
and the Certificateholders against the Trustee and QIB shall be to enforce their respective 
obligations under the Transaction Documents. 
(d) 
Subject to paragraph (ii), neither the Trustee nor the Delegate shall be bound in any 
circumstances to take any action to enforce or to realise the relevant Trust Assets or take 
any action against, in the case of the Delegate only, the Trustee and/or, in the case of the 
Trustee or the Delegate, QIB under any Transaction Document to which either of the

--- Page 112 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 100 - 
75-41049031 
 
Trustee or QIB is a party unless directed or requested to do so: (a) by an Extraordinary 
Resolution; or (b) in writing by the holders of at least 20 per cent. of the then outstanding 
aggregate face amount of the Certificates of the relevant Series and in either case then only 
if it is indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction against all Liabilities 
to which it may thereby render itself liable and provided that neither the Trustee nor the 
Delegate shall be held liable for the consequences of exercising its discretion or taking 
any such action and may do so without having regard to the effect of such action on 
individual Certificateholders. 
17. 
Replacement of Certificates 
If any Definitive Certificate is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at 
the Specified Office of the Registrar (and, if the Certificates are then admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which 
requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its 
Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock and/or quotation 
system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with 
such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the 
Trustee may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Definitive Certificates must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
18. 
Notices 
Save as provided in this Condition 18 (Notices) all notices regarding the Certificates will be in the 
English language and will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English language 
daily newspaper published in London which is expected to be the Financial Times, or if such 
publication is not practicable, in a leading English language newspaper having general circulation 
in Europe. The Trustee shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Certificates are for 
the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be 
deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published 
in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. If 
publication as provided above is not practicable, a notice will be given in such other manner, and 
will be deemed to have been given on such date, as the Trustee shall approve. 
Until such time as any definitive Certificates are issued, there may, so long as all the Certificates 
are represented by a Global Certificate and such Global Certificate is held in its entirety on behalf 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such 
newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
communication by them to the holders of the Certificates. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given to the holders of the Certificates on the day on which the said notice was given to 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
For so long as all of the Certificates are represented by a Global Certificate is deposited with a sub-
custodian for the CMU, notices to Certificateholders may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to the CMU for communication to the relative Accountholders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Certificateholders on the day on which such notice is delivered 
to the CMU as aforesaid. 
Notices to be given by any Certificateholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together with the relevant Certificate or Certificates, with the Principal Paying Agent, and for so 
long as any Certificates held by a Certificateholder are represented by the Global Certificate, 
notices to be given by any Certificateholder may be given by such Certificateholder to the Principal 
Paying Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU in such a manner 
as the Principal Paying Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU may 
approve for this purpose.

--- Page 113 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 101 - 
75-41049031 
 
19. 
Meetings of Certificateholders, Modification, Waiver, Authorisation and Determination 
(a) 
The Master Declaration of Trust contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Certificateholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the 
modification or abrogation by Extraordinary Resolution of these Conditions or the 
provisions of the Master Declaration of Trust. Any such modification may be made if 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Trustee and shall be convened by it upon the request in writing of Certificateholders 
holding not less than one tenth of the aggregate face amount of the Certificates of a Series. 
The quorum at any meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more 
Certificateholders, proxies or representatives holding or representing in the aggregate 
more than half of the then outstanding aggregate face amount of the Certificates (or, in the 
case of a meeting called in respect of more than one Series, the then outstanding aggregate 
face amount of the Certificates of all the relevant Series) or at any adjourned such meeting 
two or more Certificateholders, proxies or representatives (whatever the outstanding face 
amount of the Certificates of all the relevant Series held or represented by him/her or them), 
provided, however, that any meeting the business of which includes the modification of 
certain provisions of the Certificates (including, among others, modifying the relevant 
Scheduled Dissolution Date, reducing or cancelling any amount payable in respect of the 
Certificates other than in respect of a Benchmark Amendment, altering the currency of 
payment of the Certificates or amending any of QIB's covenants to make a payment under 
any Transaction Document), the quorum shall be two or more Certificateholders, proxies 
or representatives holding or representing in the aggregate not less than three quarters of 
the then aggregate outstanding face amount of the Series (or, in the case of a meeting 
called in respect of more than one Series, the then outstanding aggregate face amount of 
the Certificates of all the relevant Series) or at any adjourned such meeting one or more 
Certificateholders, proxies or representatives holding or representing not less than one 
quarter of the then aggregate outstanding face amount of the Series (or, in the case of a 
meeting called in respect of more than one Series, the then outstanding aggregate face 
amount of the Certificates of all the relevant Series). To be passed, an Extraordinary 
Resolution requires a majority in favour consisting of not less than three-quarters of the 
persons voting on a show of hands or, if a poll is duly demanded, a majority of not less 
than three-quarters of the votes cast on such poll and, if duly passed, will be binding on 
all Certificateholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting and whether or not 
voting. 
(b) 
The Master Declaration of Trust provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on 
behalf of three quarters of the holders of the Certificates outstanding who for the time 
being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting in accordance with Schedule 4 (Provisions 
for Meetings of Certificateholders) of the Master Declaration of Trust shall for all purposes 
be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Certificateholders duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained 
in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of 
one or more Certificateholders. 
(c) 
The Master Declaration of Trust provides that for so long as the Certificates are in the 
form of a Global Certificate registered in the name of any nominee for one or more of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or deposited with a sub-custodian for the CMU, 
then, in respect of any resolution proposed by the Trustee, QIB or the Delegate: 
(i) 
where the terms of the resolution proposed by the Trustee, QIB or the Delegate 
(as the case may be) have been notified to the Certificateholders through the 
relevant clearing system(s), in accordance with the provisions of the Master 
Declaration of Trust, each of the Trustee, QIB and the Delegate shall be entitled 
to rely upon approval of such resolution given by way of electronic consents 
communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant 
clearing systems to the Principal Paying Agent or another specified agent and/or 
the Delegate in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on 
behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in aggregate face amount of the 
Certificates outstanding (an "Electronic Consent" as defined in the Master 
Declaration of Trust). Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on

--- Page 114 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 102 - 
75-41049031 
 
all Certificateholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be 
defective. None of the Trustee, QIB or the Delegate shall be liable or responsible 
to anyone for such reliance; and 
(ii) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining 
whether a Written Resolution (as defined in the Master Declaration of Trust) has 
been validly passed, the Trustee, QIB and the Delegate shall be entitled to rely on 
consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Trustee, QIB and/or the 
Delegate, as the case may be, (a) by accountholders in the clearing system(s) with 
entitlements to such Global Certificate and/or, (b) where the accountholders hold 
any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or 
written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the person 
for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement 
to give any such consent or instruction, the Trustee, QIB and the Delegate shall 
be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of 
(a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, the CMU or any other relevant 
alternative clearing system (the "relevant clearing system") and, in the case of 
(b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the 
relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in 
such manner shall be binding on all Certificateholders, even if the relevant 
consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other 
document shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes. Any such certificate 
or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic 
records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear's EUCLID 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg's Xact Web Portal system) in accordance with its 
usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or 
aggregate face amount of the Certificates is clearly identified together with the 
amount of such holding. None of the Trustee, QIB and the Delegate shall be liable 
to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any 
certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such 
person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic. 
(d) 
The Master Declaration of Trust further provides that a Written Resolution or Electronic 
Consent shall take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution. A Written Resolution and/or 
Electronic Consent will be binding on all Certificateholders, whether or not they 
participated in such Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent. The Master 
Declaration of Trust, any Supplemental Declaration of Trust, any other Transaction 
Document, these Conditions and the Trustee's memorandum and articles of association 
may only be amended by the Trustee with the consent of the Delegate and the Delegate 
may agree, without the consent or sanction of the Certificateholders, to any modification 
of any of the Master Declaration of Trust, any Supplemental Declaration of Trust, any 
other Transaction Document or the Trustee's memorandum and articles of association if, 
in the opinion of the Delegate: (i) such modification is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature; (ii) such modification is made to correct a manifest error; or (iii) such modification 
is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the outstanding Certificateholders and is 
other than in respect of a Reserved Matter or any provisions of the Master Declaration of 
Trust referred to in the definition of a Reserved Matter. Any such modification may be 
made on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as the Delegate may determine, 
shall be binding on the Certificateholders and, unless the Delegate otherwise decides, shall 
be notified by the Trustee to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(e) 
The Delegate may, without the consent or sanction of the Certificateholders and without 
prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach from time to time and at any 
time: (i) give its consent under these presents or any other Transaction Document and 
agree to waive or to authorise any breach or proposed breach of any provision of the 
Master Declaration of Trust or any other Transaction Document; or (ii) determine that any 
Dissolution Event or Potential Dissolution Event shall not be treated as such, provided 
that: (A) in the opinion of the Delegate, such waiver, authorisation or determination is not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the outstanding Certificateholders; and (B) the 
Delegate will not do so in contravention of an express direction given by Extraordinary

--- Page 115 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 103 - 
75-41049031 
 
Resolution or a request made pursuant to Condition 15 (Dissolution Events). No such 
direction or request will affect a previous waiver, authorisation or determination. Any such 
waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on the Certificateholders and 
unless the Delegate otherwise requires, shall be notified by the Trustee to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
(f) 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions 
under the Master Declaration of Trust (including, without limitation, any modification), 
the Delegate shall have regard to the general interests of the Certificateholders as a class 
(except where the context otherwise requires (as determined by the Delegate in its absolute 
discretion)) and shall not have regard to any interest arising from circumstances particular 
to individual Certificateholders (whatever their number) and, in particular, but without 
limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual 
Certificateholders (whatever their number) resulting from them being for any purpose 
domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory or any political subdivision thereof or taxing jurisdiction and the 
Delegate shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Certificateholder be entitled to claim 
from the Trustee, the Delegate, QIB or any other person any indemnification or payment 
in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Certificateholders 
(except, in the case of the Trustee and QIB, to the extent already provided for in Condition 
12 (Taxation)). 
(g) 
Additionally, the Trustee may, subject to Condition 9(k), vary or amend the Conditions, 
the Agency Agreement and/or the Master Declaration of Trust to give effect to certain 
amendments without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Certificateholders, 
as described in Condition 9(k) and the Delegate and Agents shall concur to such 
Benchmark Amendments subject to the terms of Condition 9(k). 
20. 
The Delegate 
The Trustee has in the Master Declaration of Trust irrevocably and unconditionally appointed the 
Delegate to be its attorney and in its name, on its behalf and as its act and deeds, to execute, deliver 
and perfect all documents, and to exercise all of the present and future duties, powers (including 
the power to sub-delegate), trusts, authorities (including, but not limited to, the authority to request 
directions from any Certificateholders and the power to make any determinations to be made under 
the Master Declaration of Trust) and discretions vested in the Trustee by the Master Declaration 
of Trust as supplemented by the relevant Supplemental Declaration of Trust, that the Delegate may 
consider to be necessary or desirable, and subject in each case to it being indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, in order, upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event 
or Potential Dissolution Event, to exercise all of the rights of the Trustee under the Purchase 
Undertaking Deed and the relevant Transaction Documents, provided that no obligations, duties, 
Liabilities or covenants of the Trustee pursuant to the Master Declaration of Trust or any other 
Transaction Document shall be imposed on the Delegate by virtue of this delegation, and make 
such distributions from the relevant Trust Assets as the Trustee is bound to make in accordance 
with the Master Declaration of Trust as supplemented by the relevant Supplemental Declaration of 
Trust, (together the "Delegation" of the "Relevant Powers"), provided that in no circumstances 
will such Delegation of the Relevant Powers result in the Delegate holding on trust the relevant 
Trust Assets and provided further that such Delegation and the Relevant Powers shall not include 
any duty, power, trust, authority or discretion to hold any of the relevant Trust Assets, to dissolve 
any of the trusts constituted by the Master Declaration of Trust as supplemented by the relevant 
Supplemental Declaration of Trust following the occurrence of a Dissolution Event or Potential 
Dissolution Event or to determine the remuneration of the Delegate. The Trustee shall ratify and 
confirm all things done and all documents executed by the Delegate in the exercise of all or any of 
the Relevant Powers. 
In addition to the Delegation of the Relevant Powers under the Master Declaration of Trust as 
supplemented by the relevant Supplemental Declaration of Trust, the Delegate also has certain 
powers which are vested solely in it from the date of the Master Declaration of Trust.

--- Page 116 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 104 - 
75-41049031 
 
The appointment of a delegate by the Trustee is intended to be in the interests of the 
Certificateholders and does not affect the Trustee's continuing role and obligations as sole trustee. 
The Master Declaration of Trust contains provisions for the indemnification of the Delegate in 
certain circumstances and for its relief from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from 
taking action unless indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. In particular, 
in connection with the exercise of any of its rights in respect of the relevant Trust Assets or any 
other right it may have pursuant to the Master Declaration of Trust, the Delegate shall in no 
circumstances be bound to take any action unless directed to do so in accordance with Condition 
16 (Enforcement and Exercise of Rights), and then only if it shall have been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
The Delegate makes no representation and assumes no responsibility for the validity, sufficiency 
or enforceability of the obligations of QIB under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party 
and shall not under any circumstances have any liability or be obliged to account to 
Certificateholders in respect of any payments which should have been paid by QIB but are not so 
paid and shall not in any circumstances have any liability arising from the relevant Trust Assets 
other than as expressly provided in these Conditions or in the Master Declaration of Trust as 
supplemented by the relevant Supplemental Declaration of Trust. 
The Delegate may rely, without liability to Certificateholders, on a report, confirmation, certificate 
or any advice of any accountants, financial advisers, financial institution, auditors, insolvency 
officials or any other expert (whether or not addressed to the Delegate and whether their liability 
in relation thereto is limited (by its terms or by any engagement letter relating thereto entered into 
by the Delegate or any other person or in any other manner) by reference to a monetary cap, 
methodology or otherwise) in accordance with or for the purposes of the Master Declaration of 
Trust or the other relevant Transaction Documents. The Delegate may accept and shall be entitled 
to rely on any such report, confirmation or certificate or advice as sufficient evidence of the facts 
stated therein and such report, confirmation, certificate or advice shall be binding on the Trustee, 
the Delegate and the Certificateholders. The Delegate shall not be bound in any such case to call 
for further evidence or be responsible for any liability or inconvenience that may be occasioned by 
its failure to do so. 
Each of the Trustee and the Delegate is exempted from: (a) any liability in respect of any loss or 
theft of the Trust Assets or any cash; (b) any obligation to insure the Trust Assets (other than, with 
respect to the Trustee, in accordance with the Transaction Documents) or any cash; and (c) any 
claim arising from the fact that the Trust Assets or any cash are held by or on behalf of the Trustee 
or on deposit or in an account with any depositary or clearing system or are registered in the name 
of the Trustee or its nominee, unless such loss or theft arises as a result of gross negligence, wilful 
default or fraud by the Trustee or the Delegate, as the case may be. 
Nothing shall, in any case where the Trustee or the Delegate has failed to show the degree of care 
and diligence required of it as trustee, in the case of the Trustee (having regard to the provisions of 
the Master Declaration of Trust conferring on it any trusts, powers, authorities or discretions) or as 
donee and delegate, in the case of the Delegate (having regard to the powers, authorities and 
discretions conferred on it by the Master Declaration of Trust and to the Relevant Powers delegated 
to it), respectively exempt the Trustee or the Delegate from or indemnify either of them against 
any Liability for gross negligence, wilful default or fraud of which either of them may be guilty in 
relation to their duties under the Master Declaration of Trust. 
21. 
Further Issues 
In respect of any Series, the Trustee may from time to time (but subject always to the provisions 
of the Master Declaration of Trust) without the consent of the Certificateholders create and issue 
additional Certificates having the same terms and conditions as the outstanding Certificates of such 
Series or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the date and amount of 
the first payment of the Periodic Distribution Amount and the date from which Periodic 
Distribution Amounts start to accrue, and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Certificates of such Series. Any additional Certificates which are to 
form a single Series with the outstanding Certificates of a particular Series shall be constituted by 
a supplemental deed to the Master Declaration of Trust (a "Supplemental Declaration of Trust").

--- Page 117 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 105 - 
75-41049031 
 
References in these Conditions to the Certificates include (unless the context requires otherwise) 
any other Certificates issued pursuant to this Condition and forming a single Series with such 
Certificates. 
22. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to 
enforce any term of these Conditions, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
23. 
Governing Law and Dispute Resolution 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Master Declaration of Trust as supplemented by the relevant Supplemental 
Declaration of Trust (including these Conditions), the Agency Agreement and the 
Certificates and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them 
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Agreement to arbitrate 
Subject to Condition 23(c) (Governing Law and Dispute Resolution – Option to litigate), 
any dispute, claim, difference or controversy arising out of relating to or having any 
connection with the Master Declaration of Trust (including these Conditions and the 
Certificates) (including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, 
performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity of any of them or 
a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
them) (a "Dispute") shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration in accordance 
with the Arbitration Rules of the LCIA (the "Rules"), which Rules (as amended from time 
to time) are incorporated by reference into this Condition 23 (Governing Law and Dispute 
Resolution). For these purposes: 
(i) 
the seat of arbitration shall be London; 
(ii) 
there shall be three arbitrators, each of whom shall have no connection with any 
party thereto and shall be an attorney experienced in international securities 
transactions. The parties to the Dispute shall each nominate one arbitrator and 
both arbitrators in turn shall appoint a further arbitrator who shall be the chairman 
of the tribunal. In cases where there are multiple claimants and/or multiple 
respondents, the class of claimants jointly, and the class of respondents jointly, 
shall each nominate one arbitrator. If one party or both fails to nominate an 
arbitrator within the time limits specified by the Rules, such arbitrator(s) shall be 
appointed by the LCIA. If the party nominated arbitrators fail to nominate the 
third arbitrator within 15 days of the nomination of the second arbitrator, such 
arbitrator shall be appointed by the LCIA; 
(iii) 
the language of the arbitration shall be English. 
(c) 
Option to litigate 
Notwithstanding Condition 23(b) (Governing Law and Dispute Resolution – Agreement 
to arbitrate) above the Delegate or, (only where permitted to take action in accordance 
with the terms of the Master Declaration of Trust) any Certificateholder, may, in the 
alternative, and at its sole discretion, by notice in writing to the Trustee and QIB (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
within 28 days of service of a Request for Arbitration (as defined in the Rules); 
or 
(ii) 
in the event no arbitration has commenced,

--- Page 118 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 106 - 
75-41049031 
 
require that a Dispute be heard by a court of law (a "Notice to Litigate"). If a Notice to 
Litigate is given, the Dispute to which such notice refers shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 23(d) (Governing Law and Dispute Resolution – Effect of exercise of 
option to litigate) and subject as provided below, any arbitration commenced under 
Condition 23(b) (Governing Law and Dispute Resolution – Agreement to arbitrate) in 
respect of that Dispute will be terminated. Each of the parties to the terminated arbitration 
will bear its own costs in relation to the terminated arbitration. 
(d) 
Effect of exercise of option to litigate 
If a notice is issued pursuant to Condition 23(c) (Governing Law and Dispute Resolution 
– Option to litigate), the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (iii) below, the courts of England shall have exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any Dispute and each of the Trustee and QIB submits to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of such courts; 
(ii) 
each of the Trustee and QIB agrees that the courts of England are the most 
appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it 
will not argue to the contrary; and 
(iii) 
this Condition 23(d) (Governing Law and Dispute Resolution – Effect of exercise 
of option to litigate) is for the benefit of the Delegate and the Certificateholders 
only. As a result, and notwithstanding paragraph(s) (i) and (ii) above, the Delegate 
or, but only where it is permitted to take action in accordance with the terms of 
the Master Declaration of Trust, any Certificateholder, may take proceedings 
relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the 
extent allowed by law, the Delegate and the Certificateholders may take 
concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Process agent 
The Trustee agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by 
being delivered to Maples and Calder at its registered office at 11th Floor, 200 Aldersgate 
Street, London, EC1A 4HD, United Kingdom or, if different, its registered office for the 
time being or at any address of the Trustee in Great Britain at which process may be served 
on it in accordance with Part 34 of the Companies Act 2006. If such person is not or ceases 
to be effectively appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the Trustee, the 
Trustee shall appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on its behalf 
and, failing such appointment within 15 days, the Delegate shall be entitled to appoint 
such a person by written notice addressed to the Trustee and delivered to the Trustee or to 
the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent. Nothing in this Condition 23(e) 
(Governing Law and Dispute Resolution – Process agent) shall affect the right of any 
party to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition 23(e) 
(Governing Law and Dispute Resolution – Process agent) applies to Proceedings in 
England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
(f) 
Waiver 
Under the Master Declaration of Trust, QIB has acknowledged that the transactions 
contemplated by the Master Declaration of Trust are commercial transactions and to the 
extent that such immunity (whether or not claimed) may be attributed in any such 
jurisdiction to QIB or its assets or revenues, QIB agrees not to claim and has irrevocably 
and unconditionally waived such immunity to the full extent permitted by the laws of such 
jurisdiction in relation to any Proceedings or Disputes. 
24. 
Waiver of Interest 
24.1 
Each of the Trustee, the Delegate and QIB has irrevocably agreed in the Master Declaration of 
Trust that no interest will be payable or receivable under or in connection therewith and if it is 
determined that any interest is payable or receivable in connection therewith by a party, whether

--- Page 119 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 107 - 
75-41049031 
 
as a result of any judicial or arbitral award or by operation of any applicable law or otherwise, such 
party has agreed to waive any rights it may have to claim or receive such interest and has agreed 
that if any such interest is actually received by it, it shall hold such amount in a suspense account 
and promptly donate the same to a registered or otherwise officially recognised charitable 
organisation. 
24.2 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 24 shall be construed as a waiver of rights in 
respect of any Periodic Distribution Amounts, Dissolution Amounts, Exercise Price, Tangibility 
Event Exercise Price, Liquidation Proceeds, Tangibility Event Liquidation Proceeds or profit or 
principal or other amount payable of any kind howsoever described payable by QIB (in any 
capacity) or the Trustee (in any capacity) pursuant to the Transaction Documents and/or these 
Conditions, howsoever such amounts may be described or re-characterised by way of arbitral 
tribunal.

--- Page 120 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 108 - 
75-41049031 
 
FORM OF THE CERTIFICATES 
The Certificates of each Series will be in registered form. Certificates will be issued outside the United 
States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Global Certificates 
Each Tranche of Certificates will initially be represented by a global trust certificate in registered form (a 
"Global Certificate"). Global Certificates will be (i) in the case of Certificates intended to be cleared 
through Euroclear and Clearstream Banking S.A., deposited with, and registered in the name of a nominee 
for, the Common Depositary or (ii) in the case of Certificates intended to be cleared through the CMU, 
deposited with a sub-custodian for the CMU and registered in the name of the HKMA. Persons holding 
beneficial interests in Global Certificates will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the 
circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Certificates in fully registered 
form. 
Payments to Registered Holder 
Payments of any amount in respect of the Global Certificates will, in the absence of provision to the 
contrary, be made to the person shown in the Register as the registered Holder of the Certificates 
represented by a Global Certificate at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing 
System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where the "Clearing 
System Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Certificate is 
being held is open for business. None of the Trustee, the Delegate, QIB, any Paying Agent or the Registrar 
will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries 
made on account of ownership interests in the Global Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such ownership interests. 
Payment of any amounts in respect of Certificates in definitive form will, in the absence of provision to the 
contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 
1 (Interpretation)) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that 
Condition. 
Exchange for Definitive Certificates 
Interests in a Global Certificate will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive 
Certificates of a particular Series only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. The Trustee will 
promptly give notice to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) if an Exchange Event 
occurs. For these purposes, an "Exchange Event" will occur if: (a) the Trustee has been notified that both 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business and no successor clearing system is available; or (b) any of the 
circumstances described in Condition 15 (Dissolution Events) occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU or any other person acting on 
their behalf, as the case may be, (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Global 
Certificate) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event as described in (b) above, the Trustee may also give notice to the Registrar requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant 
notice by the Registrar. 
For so long as any Certificate is represented by a Global Certificate held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or is deposited with a sub-custodian for the CMU, each person (other than 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the HKMA as operator of the CMU) who is for the time being 
shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg or of the CMU (as the case may be) as 
the holder of a particular face amount of such Certificate (in which regard any certificate or other document 
issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU (as the case may be) as to the face amount 
of such Certificate standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes 
save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated as the holder of such face amount of such Certificate for 
all purposes other than with respect to any payment on such face amount of such Certificate, for which 
purpose the registered holder of the relevant Global Certificate shall be treated by the Trustee and their 
respective agents as the holder of such face amount of such Certificate in accordance with and subject to

--- Page 121 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 109 - 
75-41049031 
 
the terms of the relevant Global Certificate and the expressions "Certificateholder" and "holder of 
Certificates" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined herein), the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where 
a further Tranche is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche at a point 
after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Certificates of such further Tranche shall be assigned a 
common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Certificates of 
any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single 
Series. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the CMU shall, whenever the context 
so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 122 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 110 - 
75-41049031 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
[EU MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Certificates has led to the conclusion that: (a) the target market 
for the Certificates is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); and (b) all channels for distribution of the Certificates to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Certificates (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Certificates (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Certificates has led to the conclusion that: (a) the target market 
for the Certificates is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; and (b) all channels for distribution 
of the Certificates to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Certificates (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Certificates (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) 
of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") – Solely for the purposes of its 
obligations pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the SFA, the Trustee has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Certificates are 
["prescribed capital markets products "]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets 
products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Series of Certificates issued 
under the Programme. 
Final Terms dated [•] 
QIB SUKUK LTD. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300XDP1VCBZLCP049 
Issue of [Aggregate Face Amount of Tranche] [Title of Certificates] [to be consolidated and form a 
single series with the existing [Aggregate Face Amount of Tranche] [Title of Certificate] issued on [•] 
(the "Original Certificates")] 
under the 
U.S.$5,000,000,000 Trust Certificate Issuance Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 13 February 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [•]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Certificates described 
herein [for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation]1 and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant information. 
 
1 
Delete where the Certificates are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area.

--- Page 123 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 111 - 
75-41049031 
 
The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms [is/are] available for viewing [in accordance with the EU 
Prospectus 
Regulation]
2
 on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin/bonds/list) and during normal business hours at the registered 
office of the Trustee at c/o MaplesFS Limited, P.O. Box 1093, Queensgate House, Grand Cayman, KY1-
1102, Cayman Islands and copies may be obtained during normal business hours from the registered office 
of the Principal Paying Agent at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB, United 
Kingdom.] 
[The following alternative language for the above paragraph applies if the first Tranche of Certificates of 
a Series that is being increased was issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated [•] that are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 13 February 2023 
[and the supplement[s] to it dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base 
Prospectus") [for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation")]3. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Certificates described herein [for the purposes of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation]4 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all 
relevant information.] 
The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms [is/are] available for viewing [in accordance with the EU 
Prospectus 
Regulation]
5
 on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin/bonds/list) and during normal business hours at the registered 
office of the Trustee at c/o MaplesFS Limited, P.O. Box 1093, Queensgate House, Grand Cayman, KY1-
1102, Cayman Islands and copies may be obtained during normal business hours from the registered office 
of the Principal Paying Agent at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB, United 
Kingdom.] 
1. 
(i) 
Trustee: 
QIB Sukuk Ltd. 
 
(ii) 
Obligor: 
Qatar Islamic Bank (Q.P.S.C.) 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Certificates 
will be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[The Certificates will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [identify earlier Tranche(s)] on 
[insert date/the Issue Date]]/[Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Face Amount: 
[•] 
5. 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
6. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Face Amount [plus 
[specified currency] [•] in respect of [•] days of 
accrued Periodic Distribution Amounts from (and 
including) [the issue date of the Original 
Certificates] to (but excluding) the Issue Date] 
 
2 
Delete where the Certificates are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area. 
3 
Delete where the Certificates are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area. 
4 
Delete where the Certificates are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area. 
5 
Delete where the Certificates are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area.

--- Page 124 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 112 - 
75-41049031 
 
7. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
8. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Return Accrual 
Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date] 
9. 
Scheduled Dissolution Date: 
[•] 
10. 
Periodic Distribution Amount Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Periodic Distribution Amount] 
[[EURIBOR/LIBID/ 
LIMEAN/SHIBOR/HIBOR/SIBOR/EIBOR/SAIB
OR/BBSW/PRIBOR/CNH HIBOR/TRLIBOR or 
TRYLIBOR/TIBOR/MIBOR/BKBM/KLIBOR/KI
BOR]+/-[•] per cent. Floating Periodic Distribution 
Amount] 
11. 
Dissolution Basis: 
Dissolution at Par 
12. 
Change of Periodic Distribution 
Amount Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
13. 
Call Option: 
[Not Applicable] [Optional Dissolution Right] 
14. 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Certificates obtained: 
[•] in the case of the Trustee and [•] in the case of 
QIB 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO PERIODIC DISTRIBUTIONS PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)]: 
[•] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Periodic Distribution Date(s): 
[•] in each year, commencing on [•] and up to and 
including the Scheduled Dissolution Date 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[•] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
16. 
Floating Periodic Distribution 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Specified Periodic Distribution 
Dates: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
First Periodic Distribution 
Date: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/No Adjustment]

--- Page 125 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 113 - 
75-41049031 
 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 
9(c) 
(Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions – Screen 
Rate Determination for Floating Rate Certificates 
not referencing SOFR) /Condition 9(d) (Floating 
Periodic Distribution Provisions – Screen Rate 
Determination for Floating Rate Certificates 
referencing SOFR)) applies 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
Applicable 
 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
[•] 
month 
[EURIBOR/LIBID/ 
LIMEAN/SHIBOR/HIBOR/SIBOR/EIBOR/SAIB
OR/BBSW/PRIBOR/CNH HIBOR/TRLIBOR or 
TRYLIBOR/TIBOR/MIBOR/BKBM/KLIBOR/KI
BOR/SOFR] 
 
(b) 
Periodic 
Distribution 
Determination Date: 
[•]/[The date falling [•] Business Days prior to the 
first day of each Return Accumulation Period]/[First 
day of each Return Accumulation Period]/[The 
[first/second/third/[•]] Business Day immediately 
preceding the Periodic Distribution Date for each 
Return Accumulation Period (or immediately 
preceding such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Certificates 
are 
due 
and 
payable).][provide 
details]/[The Periodic Distribution Date at the end of 
each Return Accumulation Period; provided that 
the Periodic Distribution Determination Date with 
respect to the last Return Accumulation Period prior 
to the Scheduled Dissolution Date or the date fixed 
for redemption will be the Rate Cut-off Date - 
Include this wording for Payment Delay only]]* 
 
(c) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fall-back provisions 
appropriately or, in the case of EIBOR, if not 
Reuters AEIBOR, ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate.) 
 
(d) 
Relevant Time: 
[•] (For example, 11.00 a.m. London time / Brussels 
time) 
 
(e) 
Calculation Method: 
[Compounded Daily]/[Weighted Average]/[SOFR 
Index]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Observation Method: 
[Lag]/[Lock-out]/[Observation 
Shift]/ 
[SOFR 
Index]/ [Payment Delay]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Observation Look-back 
Period: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]* 
 
* 
To be at least 5 U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the relevant Periodic Distribution 
Date where the Reference Rate is SOFR. 
* 
The length of the Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days as the period 
between the Periodic Distribution Date and the Periodic Distribution Determination Date. 
"Observation Look-back Period" is only applicable where "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is selected as 
the Observation Method; otherwise, select "Not Applicable".

--- Page 126 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 114 - 
75-41049031 
 
 
(h) 
D: 
[365]/[360]/[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Rate Cut-off Date: 
[The date falling [•] Business Days prior to the 
Scheduled Dissolution Date or the date fixed for 
redemption, as applicable – used for Payment Delay 
only]*/[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Margin: 
[+/-] [•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ix) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Periodic Distribution Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long periodic distribution 
period)] 
 
(x) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Act/Act] 
 
 
[Act/Act (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
[Act/Act (ICMA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Act/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[A/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[A/365F] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[Act/360] 
 
 
[A/360] 
 
 
[30/360] 
 
 
[360/360] 
 
 
[Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] 
 
 
[Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xi) 
Calculation Agent: 
Principal Paying Agent 
 
(xii) 
Effective Periodic Distribution 
Date: 
[The date falling [•] Business Days following each 
Periodic Distribution Date, provided that the 
 
* 
The Rate Cut-off Date should be at least 5 U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the 
Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, unless otherwise agreed with the Principal Paying 
Agent.

--- Page 127 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 115 - 
75-41049031 
 
Effective Periodic Distribution Date with respect to 
the last Return Accumulation Period will be the 
Scheduled Dissolution Date or, if the Certificates are 
redeemed before the Scheduled Dissolution Date, 
the date fixed for redemption (include for Payment 
Delay only)]*/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO DISSOLUTION 
17. 
Optional Dissolution Right: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Dissolution Amount 
of each Certificate: 
[Dissolution Amount] or [•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii) 
Optional Dissolution Date: 
[Any Periodic Distribution Date] 
18. 
Dissolution Amount of each Certificate: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
19. 
Early Dissolution Amount (Tax) of each 
Certificate (following early dissolution 
for tax reasons): 
[Dissolution Amount]/[[•] per Calculation Amount] 
20. 
Tangibility Event Redemption Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount]/[Dissolution Amount] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE CERTIFICATES 
21. 
Form of Certificates: 
Registered Certificates 
 
 
Global Certificate registered in the name of [a 
nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
exchangeable]/[the 
HKMA as operator of the CMU] for Certificates in 
definitive 
registered 
form 
in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the Global Certificate. 
22. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) relating 
to payment: 
[•]/[Not applicable] 
PROVISIONS IN RESPECT OF THE TRUST ASSETS 
23. 
Series: 
[Wakala Series]/[Wakala/Mudaraba Series] 
 
(i) 
Wakala Percentage: 
[•] per cent. 
 
(ii) 
Mudaraba Percentage: 
[[•] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
24. 
Trust Assets: 
Condition 6(b) (Trust – Trust Assets) applies 
25. 
(i) 
Details of Transaction Account: 
[QIB Sukuk Ltd.] Transaction Account No: [•] with 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch for Series No.: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Supplemental Declaration of 
Trust: 
Supplemental Declaration of Trust dated [•] between 
the Trustee, QIB and the Delegate 
 
(iii) 
Declaration of Commingling of 
Assets: 
[Declaration of Commingling of Assets dated [•] 
executed by the Trustee]/[Not Applicable] 
 
* 
Effective Periodic Distribution Dates should be at least 5 U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
after the Periodic Distribution Dates, unless otherwise agreed with the Principal Paying Agent.

--- Page 128 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 116 - 
75-41049031 
 
 
(iv) 
Supplemental Purchase 
Contract: 
Supplemental Purchase Contract dated [•] between 
the Trustee and QIB 
 
(v) 
Restricted Mudaraba Contract: 
[Restricted Mudaraba Contract dated [•] between the 
Trustee and QIB]/[Not Applicable] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
Each of the Trustee and QIB accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. 
Signed on behalf of 
QIB SUKUK LTD. 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of 
QATAR ISLAMIC BANK (Q.P.S.C.) 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 129 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 117 - 
75-41049031 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing 
and 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[Application has been made by the Trustee (or on its 
behalf) for the Certificates to be admitted to trading 
on [Euronext Dublin's regulated market and listing 
on the Official List of Euronext Dublin] [the Taipei 
Exchange ("TPEx") in the Republic of China for the 
listing and trading of the Certificates on the TPEx] 
with effect from [•]. [The TPEx is not a EU MiFID 
Regulated Market.]] 
 
[Application will be made by the Trustee (or on its 
behalf) for the Certificates to be admitted to trading 
on [Euronext Dublin's regulated market and listing 
on the Official List of Euronext Dublin] [the Taipei 
Exchange ("TPEx") in the Republic of China for the 
listing and trading of the Certificates on the TPEx] 
with effect from [•]. [The TPEx is not a EU MiFID 
Regulated Market.]] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Certificates to be issued have not been rated.] 
 
[[The Certificates to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect 
ratings assigned to Certificates of this type issued 
under the Programme generally]]: 
 
[Fitch: [•]] 
 
[Capital Intelligence: [•]] 
[Moody's: [•]] 
 
[[•]: [•]] 
 
[[Capital Intelligence] is established in the European 
Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009.] 
[[Moody's][Fitch] is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Trustee and QIB are aware, 
no person involved in the offer of the Certificates has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in

--- Page 130 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 118 - 
75-41049031 
 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for the [Trustee and] QIB and (its/their) affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Use of proceeds: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus]/[•] 
(ii) 
Estimated 
amount 
of 
net 
proceeds: 
[•] 
5. 
YIELD [Fixed Periodic Distribution Certificates only] 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[•] 
(iii) 
FISN Code: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
CFI Code: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and 
the CMU and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[EURIBOR/LIBID/LIMEAN/SHIBOR/HIBOR/SI
BOR/EIBOR/SAIBOR/BBSW/PRIBOR/CNH 
HIBOR/TRLIBOR 
or 
TRYLIBOR/TIBOR/MIBOR/BKBM/KLIBOR/KI
BOR/SOFR] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far as the Trustee 
is 
aware, 
as 
at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[EURIBOR/LIBID/LIMEAN/SHIBOR/HIBOR/SI
BOR/EIBOR/SAIBOR/BBSW/PRIBOR/CNH 
HIBOR/TRLIBOR 
or 
TRYLIBOR/TIBOR/MIBOR/BKBM/KLIBOR/KI
BOR/SOFR] does not fall within the scope of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation]/ [As far as the Trustee 
is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [name 
of administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the

--- Page 131 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 119 - 
75-41049031 
 
EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]/ 
[Not Applicable] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
Selling restrictions: 
[U.S. selling restrictions: Reg. S Compliance 
Category 2; TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 132 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 120 - 
75-41049031 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The Proceeds of each Tranche of Certificates issued under the Programme will be applied by the Trustee 
as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Wakala Series, towards the purchase from QIB, by way of sale and transfer, of the 
rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements that QIB may have in, in respect of the first Tranche 
of the Series, the Initial Wakala Assets and, in respect of any subsequent Tranches of the Series, 
the Additional Wakala Assets; and 
(b) 
in the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series, by: (i) applying the Wakala Percentage of the Proceeds 
towards the purchase from QIB, by way of sale and transfer, of the rights, title, interests, benefits 
and entitlements that QIB may have in, in respect of the first Tranche of the Series, the Initial 
Wakala Assets and, in respect of any subsequent Tranches of the Series, the Additional Wakala 
Assets; and (ii) depositing the remaining portion in the Mudaraba Account and such amount will 
constitute, in respect of the first Tranche of the Series, the Initial Mudaraba Capital or, in respect 
of any subsequent Tranches of the Series, the Additional Mudaraba Capital of the Rabb-al-Maal in 
the Restricted Mudaraba constituted by a Restricted Mudaraba Contract entered into with the 
Mudarib. 
The proceeds of each Series of Certificates subsequently received by QIB in consideration for the 
transactions entered into with the Trustee as set out above will be applied by QIB for its Shari'a-compliant: 
(i) working capital, (ii) general corporate purposes, (iii) general financing and refinancing requirements 
and/or (iv) other purpose specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 133 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 121 - 
75-41049031 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE 
General 
QIB Sukuk Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company with limited liability, was incorporated on 5 
September 2012 under the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands with company registration 
number 271468. The Trustee was established as a company for the sole purpose of issuing Certificates 
under the Programme and entering into the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The 
registered office of the Trustee is at the offices of MaplesFS Limited at P.O. Box 1093, Queensgate House, 
Grand Cayman, KY1-1102, Cayman Islands, and its telephone number is +1 345 945 7099. 
The authorised share capital of the Trustee is U.S.$50,000 consisting of 50,000 ordinary shares of a par 
value of U.S.$1.00 each, 250 of which have been issued. All of the issued shares (the "Shares") are fully-
paid and are held by MaplesFS Limited as share trustee (the "Share Trustee") under the terms of a trust 
deed (the "Share Trust Deed") dated 25 September 2012 under which the Share Trustee holds the Shares 
in trust until the Termination Date (as defined in the Share Trust Deed). Prior to the Termination Date, the 
trust is an accumulation trust, but the Share Trustee has the power to benefit a Qualified Charity (as defined 
in the Share Trust Deed). It is not anticipated that any distribution will be made whilst any Certificate is 
outstanding. Following the Termination Date, the Share Trustee will wind up the trust and make a final 
distribution to charity. The Share Trustee has no beneficial interest in, and derives no benefit (other than its 
fee for acting as Share Trustee) from, its holding of the Shares. 
Business of the Trustee 
The Trustee has no prior operating history or prior business and has no substantial liabilities other than in 
connection with the Certificates to be issued under the Programme. The Certificates are the obligations of 
the Trustee alone and not the Share Trustee. 
The objects for which the Trustee is established are set out in clause 3 of its Memorandum of Association 
as registered or adopted on 5 September 2012. 
Financial Statements 
Since its date of incorporation, no financial statements of the Trustee have been prepared. The Trustee is 
not required by Cayman Islands law, and does not intend, to publish audited financial statements. 
Directors of the Trustee 
The Directors of the Trustee are as follows: 
Name 
Function at the Trustee 
Other appointments outside Trustee 
Norbert Neijzen ..................  
Director 
Regional Head of Fiduciary, Middle East 
at Maples Fund Services (Middle East) 
Limited 
Stacy Bodden .....................  
Director 
Senior Vice President at MaplesFS 
Limited 
The business address of Norbert Neijzen is c/o Maples Fund Services (Middle East) Limited, Level 14, 
Burj Daman, Dubai International Financial Centre, P.O. Box 506734, Dubai, United Arab Emirates. The 
business address of Stacy Bodden is c/o MaplesFS Limited, P.O. Box 1093, Boundary Hall, Cricket Square, 
Grand Cayman, KY1-1102, Cayman Islands. The Trustee has no subsidiaries, employees or non- executive 
directors. 
Conflicts 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the private interests or other duties of the Directors 
listed above and their duties to the Trustee.

--- Page 134 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 122 - 
75-41049031 
 
The Trustee Administrator 
MaplesFS Limited acts as the corporate administrator of the Trustee (in such capacity the "Trustee 
Administrator"). The office of the Trustee Administrator serves as the general business office of the 
Trustee. Through the office, and pursuant to the terms of an amended and restated corporate services 
agreement entered into between the Trustee and the Trustee Administrator dated 8 November 2021 (the 
"Corporate Services Agreement"), the Trustee Administrator performs in the Cayman Islands, the United 
Arab Emirates and/or such other jurisdiction as may be agreed by the parties from time to time various 
management functions on behalf of the Trustee, including communications with equity holders and the 
general public, and the provision of certain clerical, administrative and other services until termination of 
the Corporate Services Agreement. The Trustee Administrator provides registered office facilities to the 
Trustee in accordance with the Trustee Administrator's standard terms and conditions for the provision of 
registered office services (the "Registered Office Terms") for the provision of registered office facilities 
to the Trustee. In consideration of the foregoing, the Trustee Administrator receives various fees payable 
by the Trustee at rates agreed upon from time to time, plus expenses. The terms of the Corporate Services 
Agreement and the Registered Office Terms provide that either the Trustee or the Trustee Administrator 
may terminate such agreements upon the occurrence of certain stated events, including any breach by the 
other party of its obligations under such agreements. In addition, the Corporate Services Agreement and 
the Registered Office Terms provide that either party shall be entitled to terminate such agreements by 
giving at least three months' notice in writing to the other party with a copy to any applicable rating agency. 
The Trustee Administrator is subject to the overview of the Trustee's Board of Directors. 
The Trustee Administrator's principal business office is at P.O. Box 1093, Boundary Hall, Cricket Square, 
Grand Cayman, KY1-1102, Cayman Islands. 
The Directors of the Trustee are all employees or officers of the Trustee Administrator or an affiliate 
thereof. The Trustee has no employees and is not expected to have any employees in the future. 
Cayman Islands Data Protection 
The Trustee has certain duties under the Data Protection Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the 
"DPA") based on internationally accepted principles of data privacy. 
Prospective investors should note that, by virtue of making investments in the Certificates and the 
associated interactions with the Trustee and its affiliates and/or delegates, or by virtue of providing the 
Trustee with personal information on individuals connected with the investor (for example, directors, 
trustees, employees, representatives, shareholders, investors, clients, beneficial owners or agents) such 
individuals will be providing the Trustee and its affiliates and/or delegates (including, without limitation, 
the Trustee Administrator) with certain personal information which constitutes personal data within the 
meaning of the DPA. The Trustee shall act as a data controller in respect of this personal data and its 
affiliates and/or delegates, such as the Trustee Administrator, may act as data processors (or data controllers 
in their own right in some circumstances). For further information on the application of the DPA to the 
Trustee, please refer to the privacy notice (a copy of which may be requested from the Trustee 
Administrator by email at dubai@maples.com), which provides an outline of investors' data protection 
rights and obligations as they relate to the investment in the Certificates. 
Oversight of the DPA is the responsibility of the Ombudsman's office of the Cayman Islands. Breach of the 
DPA by the Trustee could lead to enforcement action by the Ombudsman, including the imposition of 
remediation orders, monetary penalties or referral for criminal prosecution.

--- Page 135 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 123 - 
75-41049031 
 
DESCRIPTION OF QATAR ISLAMIC BANK (Q.P.S.C.) 
Overview 
Qatar Islamic Bank (Q.P.S.C) ("QIB"), which was established in 1982, was the first Shari'a-compliant bank 
to be established in Qatar. As at 31 December 2022, QIB was the largest Islamic bank in Qatar by total 
assets and second largest bank in Qatar by market capitalisation. As at 31 December 2022, QIB's market 
capitalisation was QAR43.9 billion (U.S.$12.1 billion). As at the same date, QIB was also the second largest 
bank in Qatar in terms of total assets, which were QAR184 billion (U.S.$50.5 billion) and represented 
approximately 10 per cent. of the total assets of all listed commercial banks in Qatar at that date, and the 
second largest bank in Qatar in terms of customers’ current accounts and equity of unrestricted investment 
account holders, which were QAR122.4 billion (U.S.$33.6 billion) and represented approximately 10 per 
cent. of the total customer deposits6 of all listed commercial banks in Qatar as at 31 December 2022. 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, QIB was the second most profitable bank in Qatar, with a net profit 
attributable to equity holders of QAR4,005.2 million (U.S.$1,100.3 million). QIB's shares are listed for 
trading on the QSE and QIB's equity holders include Qatar Holding LLC, the investment arm of the QIA 
(Qatar Investment Authority), which held 16.7 per cent. of QIB's shares as at 31 December 2022. 
QIB is organised into four reporting segments, which are as follows: 
Corporate Banking, which carries on QIB's financing, investment and deposit taking business with 
government related entities, Oil & Gas, cross border, institutional and corporate customers, which range 
from small and medium-sized enterprises ("SMEs") through to the largest multinational companies, and 
also provides its products and services to contractors and customers in real estate, individual real estate and 
general coverage customers; 
Personal Banking, which offers a range of personal banking services to retail, affluent and private banking 
customers in Qatar, including financing and deposit taking activities, cards, takaful insurance and private 
banking services offered to high net worth individuals ("HNWIs") and asset under management services; 
Group Function, which carries on QIB's treasury activities and investment businesses and manages QIB's 
relationships with its associates and is responsible for a range of central functions; and 
Local and International Subsidiaries, which includes all of QIB's consolidated subsidiaries operating in 
Qatar and internationally. 
As at 31 December 2022, QIB had the largest Islamic banking network in Qatar with 23 branches and 
offices from which it carries on all banking services, investment and financing activities and more than 178 
automated telling and cash deposit machines ("ATM/CDMs") throughout Qatar. 
Prior to 2006, QIB operated principally as a retail bank and its corporate activities were mainly focused on 
real estate. However, in recent years QIB has established strong corporate and investment banking groups 
which are led by an experienced management team and which have focused on diversifying away from real 
estate to concentrate on corporate, retail and private banking services through the targeting of large 
corporates in Qatar, including those owned by the Government. QIB is also focused on local and 
international expansion where it seeks to target the corporate business sector. 
In March 2022, Capital Intelligence ("CI") affirmed QIB's foreign currency rating of A+ for the long-term 
and of A1 for the short-term with stable outlook. In September 2022, Fitch affirmed QIB's ratings at Issuer 
Default to A- for the long-term and affirmed F2 for the short-term with stable outlook and 1 for Support. 
In November 2022, QIB's long-term local and foreign currency rating was affirmed by Moody's at "A1" 
with a stable outlook. 
History and Corporate Structure 
QIB was incorporated on 8 July 1982 as a Qatari shareholding company by Emiri decree Number 45 of 
1982 to provide banking services, investment and financing activities through various Shari'a-compliant 
 
6  
Customer deposits include customers’ current accounts and equity of unrestricted investment account 
holders for Islamic banks. For other commercial banks, Customer deposits include all deposits 
including current and term deposits.

--- Page 136 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 124 - 
75-41049031 
 
modes of financing such as murabaha, mudaraba, musharaka, musawama, istisna'a agreements and others. 
It also carries on investment activities for its own account and, principally as part of its customer deposit 
taking business, on behalf of its customers. QIB's activities are conducted in accordance with Islamic 
Shari'a principles, as determined by its Shari'a Supervisory Board ("SSB"), and in accordance with the 
provisions of its Memorandum and Articles of Association and the regulations of the QCB. 
Share Capital and Equity Holders 
As at 31 December 2022, QIB's authorised and issued share capital was QAR2,362.9 million (U.S.$649.2 
million) made up of 2,362.9 million authorised, issued and fully paid ordinary shares of QAR1 (U.S.$0.275) 
each. 
QIB's equity holders comprise prominent Qatari individuals, families and institutions. The largest 
individual shareholder is the Qatar Holding LLC, the investment arm of the QIA, which held 16.7 per cent. 
of QIB's shares as at 31 December 2022. The aggregate shareholding of Qatari nationals in QIB was 32.4 
per cent. as at 31 December 2022 whilst the aggregate shareholding of other Government entities was 4.9 
per cent. as at the same date. Corporate and institutional equity holders held 45.4 per cent. of QIB's shares 
as at 31 December 2022 and non-Qatari nationals held the remaining 0.6 per cent. Under Qatari law, no 
shareholder (other than the Government and its related entities) may hold more than 5 per cent. of QIB's 
shares. In addition, non-GCC equity holders are allowed to hold a maximum of 49 per cent., in aggregate, 
of the shares in QIB. The rights of the QIA as a shareholder in QIB are contained in the articles of 
association of QIB and QIB will be managed in accordance with those articles and with the provisions of 
Qatari law. 
Dividend levels are proposed by the Board of Directors based on QIB's liquidity position, profits, future 
capital requirements and market trends. Dividends are subsequently approved by the QCB and the equity 
holders. 
Subsidiaries and Associates 
A list of QIB's principal consolidated subsidiaries as at 31 December 2022 appears in Note 1 to the 2022 
Financial Statements. QIB also has three associates which it accounts for using the equity method of 
accounting, which means that QIB's proportionate share of the results of these companies is included in its 
consolidated income statement. In 2022, QIB's share of results of associates was QAR73.3 million 
(U.S.$20.1 million). 
Competitive Strengths 
QIB believes that its business is characterised by the following core competitive strengths: 
Strong brand in Islamic banking 
Established in 1982, QIB was the first Islamic financial institution in Qatar. As at 31 December 2022, QIB 
was the largest Islamic bank incorporated in Qatar in terms of total assets, financing assets and customer 
deposits7 and had the largest market capitalisation of all Qatari Islamic banks. As a result, QIB is well-
placed to compete for new business with the other Islamic banks operating in Qatar. 
QIB has been a pioneer in offering new Islamic banking products in Qatar, offering a wide range of 
customised products and services that meet the needs of both its individual and corporate clients. Product 
innovation in recent years (for example, QIB's Aamaly – Business Banking related suite of services) has 
made QIB's financial products a serious alternative to conventional financial products particularly for large 
or complex corporate deals. 
Strong Government support of the Qatari banking sector 
In past years, and particularly following the global financial crisis which commenced in late 2007, the 
Government, through the QCB, has provided significant support to its domestic commercial banking sector 
to ensure the general financial health of the country's banks. See "Banking Industry and Regulation in Qatar 
 
7  
Customer deposits include customers’ current accounts and equity of unrestricted investment account 
holders for Islamic Banks. For other commercial banks, Customer deposits include all deposits 
including current and term deposits.

--- Page 137 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 125 - 
75-41049031 
 
– Banking System". In particular in relation to QIB, the Government, through the QIA, has acquired 16.7 
per cent. of QIB's shares and is now its largest shareholder. 
In addition, and in line with its support policy for the banking sector in Qatar, in March 2009, the 
Government offered to purchase the domestic equity portfolios of seven of the nine Qatari banks listed on 
the QSE at the time. As a result, in March 2009, QIB sold its entire portfolio of Qatari equity securities to 
the Government for cash consideration of QAR351 million (U.S.$96.43 million). 
In June 2009, the Government announced its intention to purchase up to QAR15 billion (U.S.$4.12 billion) 
worth of portfolios of loans, advances and other exposures of commercial banks listed on the QSE. QIB 
participated in this programme by selling QAR4.2 billion (U.S.$1.15 billion) of real estate assets and 
investments to the QCB, which further strengthened QIB's balance sheet. 
In a press release in September 2020, Fitch stated "the Qatari authorities have a strong propensity to 
support domestic banks, irrespective of their size or ownership". This Government support provides QIB 
with a significant advantage over its non-Qatari bank competitors operating in Qatar. 
Strong capital position and asset quality coupled with good earnings history 
As at 31 December 2022, QIB's tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and QIB's total capital adequacy ratio (each as 
determined in accordance with Basel III requirements as adopted by the QCB) were 18.7 per cent. and 19.9 
per cent., respectively, as compared to the QCB's minimum requirements of a minimum tier 1 capital 
adequacy ratio of 10.5 per cent. and a minimum total capital ratio of 14.63 per cent. (including a capital 
conservation buffer, DSIB buffer and ICAAP Pillar II capital charge), which should enable QIB to continue 
to grow its financial position in accordance with its growth plans. 
QIB's asset quality is also strong, with impaired financing ratios (calculated as impaired financing assets 
divided by total financing assets net of deferred profit where impaired financings are determined in 
accordance with QCB requirements, see "Banking Industry and Regulation in Qatar") of 1.5 per cent. as at 
31 December 2022, 1.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2021 and 1.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2020. QIB's 
coverage ratio on impaired financing assets (calculated as the sum of allowance for impairment on credit 
impaired financing assets and suspended profit divided by its impaired financing assets net of deferred 
profit) was 95.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2022, 76.3 per cent. as at 31 December 2021 and 92.3 per cent. 
as at 31 December 2020, respectively. QIB's provisioning policy entails maintaining the minimum required 
level of provisions pursuant to QCB guidelines and adopting a more conservative approach on a case by 
case basis to ensure that the level of provisions is adequate at all times. 
QIB recorded total income of QAR8,967.8 million (U.S.$2,463.7 million) in the year ended 31 December 
2022, QAR8,129.9 million (U.S.$2,233.5 million) in the year ended 31 December 2021 and QAR7,958.0 
million (U.S.$2,186.3 million) in the year ended 31 December 2020. QIB's net profit for the year 
attributable to equity holders of the bank has also shown a similar trend, being QAR4,005.2 million 
(U.S.$1,100.3 million) in 2022, QAR3,555.3 million (U.S.$976.7 million) in 2021 and QAR3,065.1 million 
(U.S.$842.1 million) in 2020. 
Strong domestic and international growth 
QIB's domestic branch network and related banking and investment services have significantly expanded, 
both in terms of geographical coverage and range of services, over the last decade. In particular, QIB has 
increased its domestic branches and offices network from 12 in 2006 to 23 and the number of its 
ATM/CDMs to over 178, as at 31 December 2022. QIB's domestic offering has been strengthened through 
a range of financial and investment services and products offered through its domestic subsidiaries and 
associates including Al Jazeera Finance Company (Q.P.S.C.) ("Al Jazeera"), Aqar Real Estate 
Development and Investment Company W.L.L. ("Aqar"), QInvest LLC ("QInvest"), Damaan Islamic 
Insurance ("Beema"), Durat Al Doha Real Estate Investment and Development W.L.L. ("Durat Al Doha") 
and Bawabat Al Shamal Real Estate W.L.L ("BASREC"). 
QIB currently has a presence in London through its subsidiary QIB (UK) and in Beirut through its 
subsidiary Arab Finance House LLC ("AFH"). QIB intends to expand strategically to reach other countries 
in Europe, Asia and Africa. The key drivers in this expansion are the prevalence of large Muslim 
populations in such areas and a favourable long-term outlook for QIB's prospective investments.

--- Page 138 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 126 - 
75-41049031 
 
In recent years, QIB also moved away from being a predominantly retail-focused bank and has developed 
a corporate and investment banking franchise directly through QInvest (a 65.62 per cent. owned entity 
which has been consolidated since March 2011 on the basis of QIB's control of its board of directors). 
Awards 
QIB has received the following awards, among others, in recent years in recognition of its leading position 
within the markets in which it operates: 
• 
"Best Bank in Qatar 2022" – EUROMONEY; 
• 
"Best Bank for Digital Solutions 2022" – EUROMONEY; 
• 
"Best Performing Bank Top 100 Arab Banks 2022" – The Banker Magazine – International; 
• 
"Best Islamic Corporate Bank in the World 2022" – Global Banking & Finance Review; 
• 
"Best Islamic Digital Bank in Qatar 2022" – Global Banking & Finance Review; 
• 
"Digital Bank of the year in Qatar 2022" – The Asset Asian Awards; 
• 
"Islamic Bank of the year in Qatar, UK and Middle East 2022" – The Banker Magazine – 
International; 
• 
"Best Islamic Digital Bank in Qatar 2022" – Global Banking & Finance Review; 
• 
"Best SME Bank in Qatar 2022" – The Asian Banker; 
• 
"Best Retail bank in Qatar 2022" – The Asian Banker; 
Strategy 
Overall strategy 
QIB's vision is to be Qatar's most efficient and customer-centric global Islamic bank by providing clients 
with leading and innovative solutions which adhere to Shari'a and ethical principles whilst also meeting 
international banking standards. 
QIB intends to achieve this by: 
• 
within the domestic market, expanding its corporate banking business with a view to attracting 
increasing business from the Government and its related entities, modernising its personal banking 
offering and building its private banking and wealth management businesses; 
• 
internationally, increasing cross-selling between QIB and its subsidiaries and associates, thereby 
consolidating and optimising the value of its existing international partnerships; 
• 
originating new banking and investment products and solutions within an integrated systems 
framework and increasing the focus on customer service; 
• 
upgrading its internal management systems, operating processes and general information 
technology ("IT") infrastructure, improving efficiency and productivity and enhancing its 
corporate governance procedures; and 
• 
focusing on attracting and retaining talented employees and enhancing training to ensure that its 
employees are able to perform at their highest levels. 
QIB's strategic plan consists of: 
• 
maintaining a presence in the local, regional and international markets; 
• 
focusing on profitability for its partners, investors and equity holders;

--- Page 139 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 127 - 
75-41049031 
 
• 
enhancing the domestic geographical reach of its products and services by ensuring that its product 
base satisfies all demographic and economic customer profiles; and 
• 
achieving new strategic alliances and accomplishing expansion of its international activities. 
Presence in the local, regional and international markets 
Taking advantage of the growth opportunities offered by the local market, Islamic banking has realised 
significant growth in domestic activities, including the establishment of new Islamic banks. As at 31 
December 2022, QIB's assets accounted for approximately 50 per cent. of the total assets of the listed 
commercial Islamic banks in Qatar and approximately 10 per cent. of the total assets of all listed commercial 
banks in Qatar. QIB believes that it can increase its market share by attracting new customers who usually 
deal with conventional banks, by exploiting its international network to enter into international transactions. 
QIB is pursuing this approach by ensuring its client development team maintains a regular dialogue with 
Qatar's most high-profile clients to ensure that QIB is well equipped to maintain and expand its market 
share. QIB also intends to continue to leverage its deep-rooted relationships with many of the leading 
corporates in Qatar. 
Focus on profitability whilst maintaining a prudent funding strategy and a sound capital base 
QIB remained profitable throughout the global financial crisis. QIB has implemented a transformation 
programme designed to enhance its profitability. Steps already taken under this programme include an 
expansion of its corporate banking offering through: 
• 
enhancing large corporate relationships by systematically identifying and capitalising on 
opportunities and implementing a new corporate banking coverage model by designing and 
applying segmentation criteria and institutionalising cross-selling; 
• 
developing and enhancing its SME business through building a more comprehensive product 
offering and designing and deploying a new sales and service model; and 
• 
developing a treasury product offering for corporate customers and building a cash management 
business. 
In addition, within its personal banking business QIB has: 
• 
identified new sources of revenue by upgrading its financing and card products, developing new 
investment and takaful products and building a remittance business; 
• 
developed segment specific offerings to appeal to emerging segments (such as affluent customers 
who do not meet HNWI criteria) and enhancing its private banking offering by establishing 
dedicated business centres for HNWIs; 
• 
upgraded and rationalised its branch network by designing a new branch operating model, reducing 
overlap within its existing network and developing a five-year branch roll-out plan; and 
• 
developed its alternative distribution channels by strengthening its call centre, internet and mobile 
banking capabilities and increasing its ATM/CDM network. 
Notwithstanding its focus on profitability, QIB intends to maintain a prudent funding policy by increasing 
the sources of funding available to it and reducing its reliance on short-term customer deposits8 and also 
intends to maintain a sound capital base. 
 
8  
Customer deposits include customers’ current accounts and equity of unrestricted investment account 
holders.

--- Page 140 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 128 - 
75-41049031 
 
Investment in Digitisation 
QIB's retail mobile banking application is the primary channel for its customers as it offers instant service, 
convenience and maximum security. In 2022, QIB introduced the following products: 
• 
Qatar's first Digital Credit Card: This innovative new product enhances customer experience, 
enabling them to perform online purchases securely, as well as adding it to Apple Pay™, Google 
Pay™ and Samsung Wallet™ without the need to have a physical card. 
• 
Growing Deposits: A recurring, unique digital deposit account encouraging long-term saving 
habits to the deposit holders as they can choose to place a fixed amount each month for a period 
ranging from 2 years to 10 years in Qatari Riyals or U.S. Dollars. 
• 
Flexi CD: A digital certificate of deposit in Qatari Riyals and U.S. Dollars with one, two and three 
year tenors which provides customers with the flexibility to make partial redemptions with no 
charges for up to 50 per cent. of the total value of the deposit. 
• 
Integration of the unique Bedaya student account digital onboarding on the Mobile App. 
• 
Mobile Banking Discreet Mode: This feature allows QIB customers to hide their account details 
and card balances, deposits, when using the QIB Mobile App in public locations. 
QIB have also introduced the "Easy Payment Plan", where QIB credit cardholders can convert their 
completed transactions into instalment payments ranging from 6 to 24 months. QIB further enhanced its 
POS offerings by introducing Mobile POS, which provides its merchants with a low cost payments 
acceptance solution using their smartphones. 
Establishment of strategic alliances and expansion of its international activities 
QIB's international expansion strategy focuses on developing its existing UK and Lebanese investments as 
well as exploring other markets, including Turkey, Oman and Indonesia, which it believes offers attractive 
expansion possibilities. In particular, QIB intends to develop cross-selling opportunities between itself, 
QInvest and its two international investments: 
• 
QIB (UK), which was established in the United Kingdom in 2008 and focuses on extending Islamic 
banking and investment services to the Muslim community in Europe, including France and 
Germany in particular. QIB owned 99.71 per cent. of QIB (UK) as at 31 December 2022; and 
• 
AFH, which was the first Islamic bank established in Lebanon and in which QIB had an effective 
ownership interest of 99.99 per cent. as at 31 December 2022. 
QInvest focuses on investment banking, asset management and principal investment activities and has 
offices in Qatar and Turkey. QInvest's strategy is to become a leading Islamic investment bank operating 
in the Middle East, Turkey, Africa and South and South East Asia. 
QIB also opened a branch in Khartoum, Sudan in July 2013 ("QIB Sudan"). This is QIB's first overseas 
wholly-owned branch. QIB Sudan was established with a start-up capital of U.S.$50 million and provides 
Shari'a-compliant corporate finance and trade finance solutions to large corporates. As at 31 December 
2022, QIB Sudan contributes 0.3 per cent. of the consolidated total income of QIB and constitutes 0.1 per 
cent. of QIB's consolidated total assets. 
Having acquired extensive knowledge and expertise in the Qatari banking market, QIB aims to continue to 
develop and originate Shari'a-compliant products in other markets and regions where the development 
opportunities and market dynamics are similar to those QIB has encountered in the markets in which it 
already operates.

--- Page 141 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 129 - 
75-41049031 
 
Operating Performance and Financial Position 
QIB has four reporting segments based on its strategic business divisions. The activities of the reporting 
segments are summarised under "Overview" and the segments comprise: 
• 
Corporate Banking, which carries on QIB's financing and deposit taking business with government 
related entities, institutional and corporate customers, which range from SMEs through to the 
largest multinational companies, and also provides its products and services to contractors in real 
estate, individual real estate and general coverage customers; 
• 
Personal Banking, which offers a range of personal banking services to retail customers in Qatar, 
including financing and deposit taking activities, cards, takaful insurance and private banking 
services offered to HNWIs; 
• 
Group Function, which carries on QIB's treasury and investment businesses, manages QIB's 
relationships with its associates and is responsible for a range of central functions; and 
• 
Local and International Subsidiaries, which includes all of QIB's consolidated subsidiaries 
operating in Qatar and internationally. 
QIB's support functions provide support to all of QIB's businesses and these functions include risk, finance, 
human resources, IT, internal audit, legal, compliance, construction and engineering and marketing. 
Recent Developments 
Operating Performance 
The table below shows the segmental income and segmental profit or loss of each of the reporting segments 
for each of the years ended 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 as well as each 
reporting segment's total assets and total liabilities as at 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020. 
 
Corporate 
Banking 
Personal 
Banking 
Group 
Function 
Local and 
International 
Subsidiaries 
Total 
 
(QAR million) 
As at/year ended 31 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
Reportable Segmental income(1) ............... 
2,528.3 
2,043.4 
1,369.6 
440.4 
6,381.8 
Reportable Segmental profit after tax ....... 
1,286.8 
1,235.3 
1,345.2 
155.9 
4,023.2 
Reportable segment assets ........................ 
113,316.0 
25,522.7 
38,047.1 
7,114.9 
184,000.6 
Reportable segment liabilities and 
equity of unrestricted investments 
account holders ................................... 
60,974.6 
46,272.2 
41,832.8 
6,995.2 
156,074.8 
As at/year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
Reportable Segmental income(1) ............... 
2,413.9 
2,058.2 
1,193.7 
323.9 
5,989.7 
Reportable Segmental profit after tax ....... 
1,176.3 
1,198.2 
1,107.5 
70.8 
3,552.9 
Reportable segment assets ........................ 
123,825.4 
23,846.4 
39,979.6 
6,264.4 
193,915.9 
Reportable segment liabilities and 
equity of unrestricted investments 
account holders ................................... 
63,739.6 
44,525.3 
54,062.9 
6,176.3 
168,504.0 
As at/year ended 31 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
Reportable Segmental income(1) ............... 
2,181.6 
1,925.0 
1,103.4 
229.3 
5,439.3 
Reportable Segmental profit after tax ....... 
967.4 
1,138.0 
935.7 
(16.9) 
3,024.2 
Reportable segment assets ........................ 
105,439.1 
21,320.5 
42,450.0 
5,146.6 
174,356.2 
Reportable segment liabilities and 
equity of unrestricted investments 
account holders ................................... 
54,114.7 
43,673.6 
48,490.8 
4,871.0 
151,150.1 
__________________ 
(1) Segmental income for the purpose of this analysis comprises total income adjusted for return to unrestricted investment account 
holders and sukuk holders' share of profit.

--- Page 142 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 130 - 
75-41049031 
 
The table below shows the percentage contribution to QIB's segmental income and segmental profit or loss 
of each of the reporting segments for the years ended 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020 as well as the percentage contribution of each reporting segment to QIB's total assets and 
total liabilities as at 31 December 2022, 21 December 2021 and 31 December 2020. 
 
Corporate 
Banking 
Personal 
Banking 
Group 
Function 
Local and 
International 
Subsidiaries 
Total 
 
(per cent.) 
As at/year ended 31 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
Reportable Segmental income(1) ..............  
39.6 
32.0 
21.5 
6.9 
100.0 
Reportable Segmental profit after tax ......  
32.0 
30.7 
33.4 
3.9 
100.0 
Reportable segment assets .......................  
61.6 
13.9 
20.7 
3.9 
100.0 
Reportable segment liabilities and 
equity of unrestricted investments 
account holders ..................................  
39.1 
29.6 
26.8 
4.5 
100.0 
As at/year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
Reportable Segmental income(1) ..............  
40.3 
34.4 
19.9 
5.4 
100.0 
Reportable Segmental profit after tax ......  
33.1 
33.7 
31.2 
2.0 
100.0 
Reportable segment assets .......................  
63.9 
12.3 
20.6 
3.2 
100.0 
Reportable segment liabilities and 
equity of unrestricted investments 
account holders ..................................  
37.8 
26.4 
32.1 
3.7 
100.0 
As at/year ended 31 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
Reportable Segmental income(1) ..............  
40.1 
35.4 
20.3 
4.2 
100.0 
Reportable Segmental profit after tax ......  
32.0 
37.6 
30.9 
-0.6 
100.0 
Reportable segment assets .......................  
60.5 
12.2 
24.3 
3.0 
100.0 
Reportable segment liabilities and 
equity of unrestricted investments 
account holders ..................................  
35.8 
28.9 
32.1 
3.2 
100.0 
 
Set forth below is a brief discussion of QIB's consolidated operating performance for the year ended 31 
December 2022 compared to the year ended 31 December 2021 and the year ended 31 December 2021 
compared to the year ended 31 December 2020 and of its financial position as at 31 December 2022, 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020. 
Segmental income for the year ended 31 December 2022 compared to the year ended 31 December 2021 
QIB's segmental income increased by QAR392.2 million (U.S.$107.7 million), or 6.5 per cent., to 
QAR6,381.8 million (U.S.$1,753.3 million) in the year ended 31 December 2022 from QAR5,989.7 million 
(U.S.$1,645.5 million) in the year ended 31 December 2021. The relative contributions of each of QIB's 
reporting segments to this increase were as follows: 
• 
segmental income within Corporate Banking increased by QAR114.5 million (U.S.$31.4 million), 
or 4.7 per cent., to QAR2,528.3 million (U.S.$694.6 million) in 2022 from QAR2,413.9 million 
(U.S.$663.1 million) in 2021. This was primarily from higher financing and investment income 
and fees. Financing assets decreased by QAR9,772.1 million (U.S.$2,684.6 million) to reach 
QAR94,183.5 million (U.S.$25,874.6 million); 
• 
segmental income within Personal Banking decreased by QAR14.8 million (U.S.$4.1 million), or 
0.7 per cent., to QAR2,043.4 million (U.S.$561.4 million) in 2022 from QAR2,058.2 million 
(U.S.$565.4 million) in 2021. This was primarily due to a decrease in inter-segment revenues; 
• 
segmental income within Group Function increased by QAR176.0 million (U.S.$48.3 million), or 
14.7 per cent., to QAR1,369.6 million (U.S.$376.3 million) in 2022 from QAR1,193.7 million 
(U.S.$327.9 million) in 2021. This was primarily due to an increase from share of associates 
income and inter-segment revenues; and 
• 
segmental income within Local and International Subsidiaries increased by QAR116.5 million 
(U.S.$32.0 million), or 36.0 per cent., to QAR440.4 million (U.S.$121.0 million) in 2022 from

--- Page 143 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 131 - 
75-41049031 
 
QAR323.9 million (U.S.$89.0 million) in 2021. The increase was mainly due to the sale of property 
and other investments by one of its Subsidiaries. 
Segmental income for the year ended 31 December 2021 compared to the year ended 31 December 2020 
QIB's segmental income increased by QAR550.3 million (U.S.$151.2 million), or 10.1 per cent., to 
QAR5,989.7 million (U.S.$1,645.5 million) in the year ended 31 December 2021 from QAR5,439.3 million 
(U.S.$1,494.3 million) in the year ended 31 December 2020. The relative contributions of each of QIB's 
reporting segments to this increase were as follows: 
• 
segmental income within Corporate Banking increased by QAR232.3 million (U.S.$63.8 million), 
or 10.6 per cent., to QAR2,413.9 million (U.S.$663.1 million) in 2021 from QAR2,181.6 million 
(U.S.$599.3 million) in 2020. This was primarily as a result of lower return to unrestricted account 
holders and inter segment revenues. Financing assets grew by QAR8,692.1 million (U.S.$2,387.9 
million) to reach QAR103,955.6 million (U.S.$28,559.2 million); 
• 
segmental income within Personal Banking increased by QAR133.2 million (U.S.$36.6 million), 
or 6.9 per cent., to QAR2,058.2 million (U.S.$565.4 million) in 2021 from QAR1,925.0 million 
(U.S.$528.9 million) in 2020. This was primarily due to higher financing revenues and fee income; 
• 
segmental income within Group Function increased by QAR90.2 million (U.S.$24.8 million), or 
8.2 per cent., to QAR1,193.7 million (U.S.$327.9 million) in 2021 from QAR1,103.4 million 
(U.S.$303.1 million) in 2020. This was primarily due to higher foreign exchange income; and 
• 
segmental income within Local and International Subsidiaries increased by QAR94.6 million 
(U.S.$26.0 million), or 41.3 per cent., to QAR323.9 million (U.S.$89.0 million) in 2021 from 
QAR229.3 million (U.S.$63.0 million) in 2020. The increase was mainly due to higher investments 
income and higher foreign exchange ("FX") gains. 
Net profit before impairment losses9 and tax for the year ended 31 December 2022 compared to the year 
ended 31 December 2021 and the year ended 31 December 2021 compared to the year ended 31 December 
2020 
QIB's net profit before impairment losses and tax increased by QAR365.2 million (U.S.$100.3 million), or 
7.4 per cent., to QAR5,269.6 million (U.S.$1,447.7 million) in the year ended 31 December 2022 from 
QAR4,904.4 million (U.S.$1,347.4 million) in the year ended 31 December 2021. The increase in net profit 
before impairment losses and tax was mainly due to an increase in net income from financing and investing 
activities, fee and commission income, and partly offset by an increase in return to unrestricted investment 
account holders. 
QIB's net profit before impairment losses and tax increased by QAR556.7 million (U.S.$152.9 million), or 
12.8 per cent., to QAR4,904.4 million (U.S.$1,347.4 million) in the year ended 31 December 2021 from 
QAR4,347.7 million (U.S.$1,194.4 million) in the year ended 31 December 2020. The increase in net profit 
before impairment losses and tax was mainly due to higher FX gains and lower return to unrestricted 
investment account holders. 
Net profit attributable to equity holders for the year ended 31 December 2022 compared to the year ended 
31 December 2021 and the year ended 31 December 2021 compared to the year ended 31 December 2020 
QIB's net profit attributable to equity holders increased by QAR449.9 million (U.S.$123.6 million), or 12.7 
per cent., to QAR4,005.2 million (U.S.$1,100.3 million) in 2022 from QAR3,555.3 million (U.S.$976.7 
million) in 2021. In 2022, QIB recorded impairment losses of QAR1,235.1 million (U.S.$339.3 million) 
compared to QAR1,341.8 million (U.S.$368.6 million) in 2021. This was principally related to customer-
related defaults from QIB's exposures affecting investments and financing assets. In operating segment 
terms, the Personal Banking segment's net profit after tax increased in 2022 by 3.1 per cent. compared to 
2021. The Group Function reporting segment recorded a net profit after tax of QAR1,345.2 million 
(U.S.$369.6 million) in 2022, compared to a net profit after tax of QAR1,107.5 million (U.S.$304.3 million) 
 
9  
In the Description of Qatar Islamic Bank (Q.P.S.C.) and Risk Management sections, “impairment 
losses” include net impairment on investment securities, net impairment on financing assets and other 
impairment losses.

--- Page 144 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 132 - 
75-41049031 
 
in 2021. Segmental net profit after tax in the Corporate Banking reporting segment increased by 9.4 per 
cent. in 2022 compared to 2021, and the Local and International Subsidiaries reporting segment recorded a 
net profit after tax of QAR155.9 million (U.S.$42.8 million) in 2022, compared to a net profit after tax of 
QAR70.8 million (U.S.$19.5 million) in 2021. 
QIB's net profit attributable to equity holders increased by QAR490.2 million (U.S.$134.7 million), or 16.0 
per cent., to QAR3,555.3 million (U.S.$976.7 million) in 2021 from QAR3,065.1 million (U.S.$842.1 
million) in 2020. In 2021, QIB recorded impairment losses of QAR1,341.8 million (U.S.$368.6 million) 
compared to QAR1,316.1 million (U.S.$361.6 million) in 2020. This was principally related to customer-
related defaults from QIB's exposures affecting investments and financing assets. In operating segment 
terms, the Personal Banking segment's net profit increased in 2021 by 5.3 per cent. compared to 2020. The 
Group Function reporting segment recorded a net profit after tax of QAR1,107.5 million (U.S.$304.3 
million) in 2021, compared to a net profit after tax of QAR935.7 million (U.S.$257.1 million) in 2020. 
Segmental net profit after tax in the Corporate Banking reporting segment increased by 21.6 per cent. in 
2021, compared to 2020, and the Local and International Subsidiaries reporting segment recorded a net 
profit after tax of QAR70.8 million (U.S.$19.5 million) in 2021, compared to a net loss after tax of 
QAR16.9 million (U.S.$4.6 million) in 2020. 
Financial Position 
QIB's total assets decreased by QAR9,915.3 million (U.S.$2,724.0 million), or 5.1 per cent., to 
QAR184,000.6 million (U.S.$50,549.6 million) as at 31 December 2022 from QAR193,915.9 million 
(U.S.$53,273.6 million) as at 31 December 2021. The principal driver of the decrease as at 31 December 
2022 was a decrease in financing assets which decreased by QAR9,124.0 million (U.S.$2,506.6 million) or 
by 7.1 per cent. QIB's total assets increased by QAR19,559.7 million (U.S.$5,373.6 million), or 11.2 per 
cent., to QAR193,915.9 million (U.S.$53,273.6 million) as at 31 December 2021 from QAR174,356.2 
million (U.S.$47,900.0 million) as at 31 December 2020. The principal driver of the increase as at 31 
December 2021 was an increase in financing assets which increased by QAR9,336.1 million (U.S.$2,564.9 
million) or by 7.8 per cent. 
QIB's total liabilities and equity of unrestricted investment accountholders decreased by QAR12,429.3 
million (U.S.$3,414.6 million), or 7.4 per cent., to QAR156,074.8 million (U.S.$42,877.7 million) as at 31 
December 2022 from QAR168,504.0 million (U.S.$46,292.3 million) as at 31 December 2021. The 
decrease as at 31 December 2022 was due to the decrease of equity of unrestricted investment account 
holders by QAR10,837.9 million (U.S.$2,977.4 million) or by 9.5 per cent. QIB's total liabilities and equity 
of unrestricted investment accountholders increased by QAR17,354.0 million (U.S.$4,767.6 million), or 
11.5 per cent., to QAR168,504.0 million (U.S.$46,292.3 million) as at 31 December 2021 from 
QAR151,150.1 million (U.S.$41,524.7 million) as at 31 December 2020. The increase as at 31 December 
2021 was due to the increase in equity of unrestricted investment account holders by QAR13,459.5 million 
(U.S.$3,697.7 million) or by 13.4 per cent. 
Business Activities 
Corporate Banking Group 
QIB's Corporate Banking Group follows an industry-focused approach with dedicated teams targeting the 
relevant industries. The Corporate Banking Group comprises three divisions as follows: 
• 
Corporate Banking I; 
• 
Corporate Banking II; and 
• 
Financial Institutions. 
QIB's Corporate Banking Group's financing products include musawama (trade finance for local goods), 
murabaha (international trade finance), istisna'a (construction and manufacturing finance), mudaraba 
(venture capital finance), musharaka (equity participations), wakala (agency) and ijara (leasing). 
Additional products include Shari'a-compliant letters of credit and guarantees. Financing products are 
extended on the basis of an analysis of a customer's financial position, the transaction structure and the 
customer's financial information and supported by various combinations of collateral, including 
assignments of existing cash flow and/or salaries.

--- Page 145 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 133 - 
75-41049031 
 
The principal deposit products offered by the corporate banking divisions include current accounts (which 
can be opened in Qatari riyals, sterling, euro and U.S. dollars), savings accounts and time deposit accounts 
(in which deposits are held for a fixed term). 
Corporate Banking I 
The target industry segments for Corporate Banking I are Government-related entities, oil and gas and 
cross-border (relating to non-Qatari businesses) and the commercial sector. 
This division aims to deliver a comprehensive range of financial solutions and premium services to the 
Government and to Government-related and other major Qatari companies in the telecom, media and 
technology and oil and gas sectors. In particular, the division serves the needs of strategic corporate clients. 
Typically these clients are characterised as having large corporate banking and substantial and ongoing 
investment needs spread across various sectors of the economy. The division also provides comprehensive 
financial and investment solutions to selected institutional clients. This division also focuses on customers 
in the commercial and trading segment. Businesses operating in the commercial segment manage banking 
relationships with large trading and manufacturing companies. 
For the years ended 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, QIB's Corporate 
Banking I division accounted for 24.8 per cent., 26.3 per cent. and 27.9 per cent., respectively, of the 
Corporate Banking Group's reportable segmental profit before tax and impairment losses. 
Corporate Banking II 
The target industry segments for Corporate Banking II are (i) contracting and real estate, (ii) individual real 
estate and general coverage and (iii) Business Banking which includes medium and small companies 
(SME). 
This division aims to deliver Shari'a-compliant corporate financing services to the contracting and real 
estate segments which are key to the infrastructure led growth plans of Qatar. The contracting and real 
estate segments provide technical, professional and financial services to Qatar's real estate and contracting 
sectors. In particular, the division arranges financing for contractors using a range of Shari'a-compliant 
structures and arranges technical and engineering advisory services both to external customers and 
internally to other QIB divisions. 
The division also focuses on customers in the contracting and real estate and the commercial industries 
(including those entities servicing Government and semi-Government projects, private construction 
projects and commercial property projects) and the service companies operating in the transport and 
communication (for example, aircraft and shipping), industrial, healthcare, sports, water and electricity 
sectors. 
The Corporate Banking II division targets the individual real estate industry segment by providing real 
estate financing to business owners and entrepreneurs. It targets the general coverage industry segment by 
providing banking services to manufacturing and service-related enterprises. 
It further aims to deliver a full range of Islamic banking solutions to the SME sector in Qatar through its 
'Aamaly' range of bundled offerings customised for SMEs operating in specific segments such as trade and 
manufacturing. QIB believes that the SME sector in Qatar offers significant opportunities for the expansion 
of its customer base and growth in its financing portfolio and has customised its offerings to also cater to 
the individual financing requirements of SME entrepreneurs. Specific initiatives undertaken by QIB in this 
sector include participation in the Qatar Development Bank's Al Dhameen programme which aims to 
finance and assist SMEs to develop into bigger and more successful companies through access to 
investment funding, working capital and its micro finance programme. 
For the years ended 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, QIB's Corporate 
Banking II division accounted for 74.1 per cent., 72.4 per cent. and 70.8 per cent., respectively, of the 
Corporate Banking Group's reportable segmental profit before tax and impairment losses. 
Financial Institutions 
The Financial Institutions division manages QIB's correspondent banking relationships with more than 500 
banks worldwide and is mandated to facilitate and develop trade finance solutions for its clients.

--- Page 146 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 134 - 
75-41049031 
 
For the years ended 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, QIB's Financial 
Institutions division accounted for 1.1 per cent., 1.3 per cent. and 1.0 per cent. respectively, of the Corporate 
Banking Group's reportable segmental profit before tax and impairment losses. 
Personal Banking Group 
QIB's Personal Banking Group focuses on the provision of banking, financing and investment services to 
individuals in Qatar. The Personal Banking Group is responsible for QIB's delivery channels, including its 
branch network and electronic banking solutions, as well as its card and takaful businesses. The Personal 
Banking Group comprises a Retail Banking division and a specialist Private Banking division which offers 
tailored services to HNWIs. 
The principal deposit products offered by the Personal Banking Group comprise current accounts, call 
accounts, savings accounts and term accounts. As at 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020, QIB held QAR46,268.8 million (U.S.$12,711.2 million), QAR44,521.7 million 
(U.S.$12,231.2 million) and QAR43,670.2 million (U.S.$ 11,997.3 million), respectively, of deposits 
within the Personal Banking Group, representing 38.0 per cent. of QIB's total deposits at each date. 
The principal financing products offered by the Personal Banking Group comprise a musawama, ijara and 
istisna'a which are methods of financing the purchase of cars, homes and consumer household items. In 
addition, the Personal Banking Group offers card facilities such as Visa and MasterCard-branded cards, 
Visa Electron-branded cards and Hadiyati pre-paid cards. As at 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2020, financing to Personal Banking customers amounted to QAR26,885.7 million 
(U.S.$7,386.2 million), QAR24,981.4 million (U.S.$6,863.0 million) and QAR22,235.6 million 
(U.S.$6,108.7 million), respectively. 
QIB implements credit risk policies consistently for all customers. As part of QIB's credit policy, QIB 
conducts online credit checks through the Qatar Credit Bureau which shows the number of outstanding 
financings any potential applicant for retail finance products may have and which also shows whether any 
applicant is on a watch list or blacklist held by the QCB. 
As at 31 December 2022, QIB's real estate property mortgage-related financing amounted to 15.8 per cent. 
of the total outstanding retail financing provided by the Personal Banking Group with the balance 
comprising consumer financing backed by salary assignments and other receivables. 
QIB has a wide range of distribution channels, including, as at 31 December 2022: 
• 
23 branches and offices located throughout Qatar; 
• 
a wide range of electronic banking services and online transactions; 
• 
a call centre which operates 24 hours a day, seven days a week allowing customers to carry out 
routine banking transactions by telephone at any time; 
• 
an ATM/CDM network comprising more than 178 ATM/CDMs; and 
• 
SMS alert services which allow customers to process balance and statement enquiry transactions 
along with some financial transactions (for example, payment of certain utility bills). 
The Private Banking division within the Personal Banking Group provides a range of personal banking 
services to HNWIs. These services include managing bank accounts, offering investment opportunities and 
related consultancy services, a mobile banking service for cash deposits and processing remittances. 
Personalised banking services such as wealth management and personal relationship managers are also 
available to these clients. 
The Private Banking division is expanding the reach and scope of its services by developing tailored 
delivery channels such as dedicated and exclusive business centres and establishing service areas within 
branches and using the QIB network to extend need-based integrated financial and investment service from 
pure banking to wealth management solutions in various asset classes in Shari'a-compliant products such 
as deposits, structured notes, mutual funds, lump sum investments, regular savings plans and takaful 
products.

--- Page 147 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 135 - 
75-41049031 
 
Group Function 
QIB's Group Function reporting segment includes the activities of its Treasury and Investment divisions 
and a range of central functions. Activities undertaken by the Treasury division, which include managing 
the investment portfolio, certain funding transactions and certain currency exchange transactions, generate 
segmental income for the Group Function reporting segment. 
Treasury 
The Treasury division manages QIB's investment portfolio, its correspondent banking and trade-related 
activities and its liquidity and asset liability management activities. In particular, the Treasury division 
operates through the following sub-segments: 
• 
Financial Markets, which is primarily responsible for liquidity management, structured 
investments, treasury sales, asset and liability management and fund transfer pricing. It invests in 
third party originated structured products for QIB's own account as part of its investment and 
liquidity management activities and also offers its own structured products (including Islamic 
derivatives) designed to meet the specific financing and investments needs of QIB's customers. 
Financial Markets also provides general financial advisory services to QIB's clients; 
• 
Capital Markets, which arranges Islamic financings and sukuk financings both for QIB and its 
clients as well as providing secondary market services in sukuk. Capital Markets also manages 
QIB's portfolio of debt type investments which is discussed further below; and 
• 
Local Equity, which manages QIB's portfolio of equity type investments discussed further below. 
The Treasury division also manages QIB's financial investments which are all currently classified as either 
debt type or equity type instruments in accordance with AAOIFI accounting standard, FAS 33. For debt 
type instruments managed on a contractual profit yield return basis, investments are measured at amortised 
cost less any provisions for impairment. For all other bases of managing debt type instruments, including 
held-for- trading, such investments are measured on a fair value basis, with gains and losses arising from 
fair value changes being booked through the income statement. 
For equity type instruments, investments are measured on a fair value basis with the gains and losses arising 
from changes in fair value being recognised through the equity account. For equity type investments held-
for- trading or managed and performance-evaluated internally by management on a fair value basis, such 
investments are measured on a fair value basis with the gains and losses arising from changes in fair value 
being recognised through the profit and loss account. 
The investments portfolio reported under Group Function as at 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2020 are summarised in the table below: 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
(QAR million) 
 
Equity type investments 
 
 
 
Quoted ...............................................................................................................  
1,732 
1,701 
859 
Unquoted ...........................................................................................................  
2,252 
2,065 
2,114 
Total equity type ..............................................................................................  
3,985 
3,766 
2,973 
Debt type investments 
 
 
 
Quoted ...............................................................................................................  
3,220 
2,746 
2,833 
Unquoted ...........................................................................................................  
38,569 
37,868 
27,442 
Total debt type .................................................................................................  
41,790 
40,614 
30,275 
Total .................................................................................................................  
45,774 
44,380 
33,248 
 
The quoted equity and debt type investments are mainly listed on the QSE, the Bahrain Stock Exchange, 
the London Stock Exchange, Euronext Dublin, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the Dubai Financial 
Market. The unquoted equity type investments are principally equity investments in financial institutions, 
insurance companies and funds across the GCC region and Europe and the unquoted debt type investments 
are principally the State of Qatar sukuk and murabaha transactions. As at 31 December 2022, all of the

--- Page 148 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 136 - 
75-41049031 
 
unquoted equity type investments were fair valued. QIB's unquoted debt type investments are recorded on 
its balance sheet at their amortised cost. All of the investments are Shari'a-compliant and are subject to 
credit approvals which are similar to those applied to QIB's customer financing transactions. 
QIB has established a dealing room as a profit centre using a transfer pricing model in order to generate 
profits from foreign exchange margins (spreads) and arbitrage on foreign exchange spot, forward and swap 
transactions and utilises tools such as wa'ad (unilateral promise foreign exchange forwards) and muwa'ama 
(structured forwards) contracts. A corporate sales desk and a proprietary desk for QIB's investment 
purposes have been established to supplement these activities. 
The Treasury business also manages the local listed share portfolio held by QIB and runs a matched book 
on interbank money market operations, trade finance, syndications and other structured products through 
Shari'a-compliant financial tools such as murabaha and wakala. It also employs asset diversification 
strategies and Shari'a-compliant derivative products in hedging the foreign exchange exposures of assets 
in accordance with directives issued by QIB's Assets and Liabilities Committee ("ALCO"). 
One of the key functions of the Treasury business is to manage QIB's working capital in accordance with 
the ratios set by the QCB and to introduce measures that will enable QIB to take advantage of its capital's 
cost- efficiency by shifting some of its working capital burden to the interbank market. 
The Treasury business is involved in acquiring commodities in the international market for commodity 
murabaha transactions with customers for short-term liquidity management. 
Investment Division 
QIB's Investment division manages QIB's international real estate assets and its relationships with its 
associates. The Investment division manages the following key associate relationships: 
Al Jazeera Finance Company (Q.P.S.C) 
Al Jazeera provides Islamic consumer financing, including to customers of many local suppliers in Qatar 
(such as car dealers, furniture retailers, home appliances suppliers, jewellery suppliers and electrical and 
electronic showrooms). As at 31 December 2022, QIB's effective ownership interest in Al Jazeera was 30.0 
per cent. For the year ended 31 December 2022, QIB's share of Al Jazeera's net profit was QAR8.8 million 
(U.S.$2.4 million). Al Jazeera's transactions are monitored for Shari'a-compliance by QIB's SSB. 
Damaan Islamic Insurance Co (Q.P.S.C) 
Beema was incorporated in September 2009 as a Shari'a-compliant insurance company. Beema’s 
authorised and paid up capital is QAR200 million (comprising 20 million ordinary shares of QAR10 each). 
As at 31 December 2022, QIB held a 30.82 per cent. effective ownership interest in Beema. The principal 
activities of Beema include the provision of marine, engineering, general accident, vehicle, fire, medical, 
allied products and labour accident insurance in Qatar. 
Bawabat Al Shamal Real Estate Company W.L.L 
BASREC was incorporated in Qatar in 2007. Its principal activities include purchasing, selling, leasing and 
developing real estate. BASREC has completed the development stage of a mixed-use retail, commercial 
and entertainment real estate project in Doha, Qatar. As at 31 December 2022, QIB's effective ownership 
interest in BASREC was 25.0 per cent. 
Local and International Subsidiaries 
QIB's Local and International Subsidiaries reporting segment comprises the following domestic and 
international subsidiaries: 
Domestic 
Aqar Real Estate Development and Investment Company W.L.L.("Aqar") 
Realising the importance of the real estate sector as one of the main driving forces of the economy, QIB 
established Aqar in September 2000 as a joint venture with the primary objective of taking advantage of

--- Page 149 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 137 - 
75-41049031 
 
real estate investment opportunities as they become available. As at 31 December 2022, QIB held 49.0 per 
cent. of the shares in Aqar, which is consolidated as a subsidiary on the basis of QIB's control of the Board 
of Directors. 
Whilst QIB primarily finances real estate projects using istisna'a based financing arrangements, Aqar 
focuses on the general acquisition, development and sale of land and real estate properties; the leasing of 
real estate properties; real estate land and property valuation services; executing feasibility studies for real 
estate projects; and arranging finance for real estate projects. Aqar owns equity in relevant projects for 
which QIB also provides financing. 
Durat Al Doha Real Estate Investment and Development W.L.L. 
Durat Al Doha was established in 2005 with the objective of investing in the Qatari real estate and 
construction industries and, in particular, to construct and develop residential towers on Pearl Island. As at 
31 December 2022, its non-current assets were valued at QAR1,468.3 million (U.S.$403.4 million)and its 
current assets were valued at QAR31.6 million (U.S.$8.7 million). As at 31 December 2022, QIB held a 
82.61 per cent. effective equity stake in the company. 
QInvest LLC 
QInvest was incorporated on 30 April 2007 with an authorised capital of QAR3.64 billion (U.S.$1 billion) 
and a paid-up capital of QAR1,961.7 million (U.S.$538.9 million). QInvest is an investment banking firm 
operating under Shari'a principles and based in the QFC. As at 31 December 2022, QInvest's total assets 
were QAR5,184.1 million (U.S.$1,424.2 million). QInvest focuses on investment banking, asset 
management and principal investment activities and has offices in Qatar and Turkey. These services 
complement those offered by QIB to large and Government-related companies in Qatar. 
As at 31 December 2022, QIB held a 65.62 per cent. interest in QInvest, which is consolidated as a 
subsidiary on the basis of QIB's shareholding and control of the Board of Directors. 
International 
QIB (UK) 
QIB (UK) was incorporated in 2008, in the United Kingdom, and was granted a licence to operate in the 
United Kingdom by the UK Financial Services Authority on 29 January 2008. QIB (UK) is currently 
regulated by the UK Prudential Regulation Authority. As at 31 December 2022, it had total assets of 
QAR4,457.6 million (U.S.$1,224.6 million) and was 99.71 per cent. owned by QIB. Its main objective is 
to extend Islamic banking and investment services to the Muslim community in Europe including, in 
particular, the United Kingdom, France and Germany. QIB (UK) manages a range of investments in key 
sectors such as real estate. 
Arab Finance House (AFH) 
AFH was established in 2003 in Lebanon by a group of strategic partners from Qatar and other GCC 
countries with a capital of U.S.$60 million. As at 31 December 2022, QIB held an effective 99.99 per cent. 
ownership interest in AFH. AFH was the first Islamic (commercial and investment) bank to operate in 
Lebanon and its key objective is to expand the utilisation of Islamic financial services and products. It offers 
a wide range of corporate and retail banking services based on Islamic Shari'a principles and, as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, operates with a network of four branches across Lebanon. It also serves the banking 
requirements of Qatari and other GCC nationals who travel to Lebanon for investment, economic, tourism, 
educational or healthcare purposes. 
Competition 
The Qatari banking market is becoming increasingly competitive and as at 31 December 2022 comprised 
17 banks, including four Islamic banks, one state-owned development bank and branches of subsidiaries of 
seven foreign banks. The foreign bank branches and subsidiaries focus mainly on trade finance, foreign 
currency operations and state-related business. Foreign bank participation in public sector financing has 
had a significant effect on margins which has led QIB to focus on other higher margin areas.

--- Page 150 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 138 - 
75-41049031 
 
Qatar's foreign banks compete for the same business as the local banks but operate under certain restrictions. 
The lending limits of foreign banks are based on their local capital base. However, foreign banks have 
traditionally obtained a guarantee from their head offices when credits exceed their legal lending limits. 
Some foreign multinational banks have started to increase their presence in the Qatari market, and some 
have, or plan to, set up offices in the QFC to target the financing of infrastructure projects in Qatar. QFC-
registered banks are currently subject to restrictions on their local banking activities and, as a result, they 
cannot open full service branches, and cannot deal with retail customers in Qatar without prior authorisation 
from the QFCRA. See "Banking Industry and Regulation in Qatar". 
QIB's principal competitors in Qatar in the Islamic banking sector are Masraf Al Rayan Q.P.S.C. and Qatar 
International Islamic Bank Q.P.S.C. 
Insurance 
QIB maintains insurance policies and coverage that it deems appropriate. This includes a financial 
institution's blanket bond covering standard risk including electronic equipment and professional indemnity 
cover. QIB maintains standard property insurance for all premises and appropriate terrorism insurance. 
Electronic equipment is insured separately. 
QIB reviews its insurance coverage on an ongoing basis and believes the coverage to be in accordance with 
industry practice in Qatar.

--- Page 151 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 139 - 
75-41049031 
 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES 
QIB is domiciled and registered in Qatar as an Islamic bank under the regulatory oversight of the QCB. 
This section sets out QIB's organisational structure at the date of this Base Prospectus. QIB's executive 
management currently comprises a Board of Directors, an Executive Committee (the "EC") and a number 
of appointed Board and Management Committees. 
The Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors oversees the conduct of QIB's business and is primarily responsible for providing 
effective governance, including the appointment of executive management, approval of business strategies, 
approval of the annual budget, evaluation of QIB's performance and implementation of an appropriate 
control framework to address the major risks faced by QIB. The Board of Directors meets at least six times 
a year and comprises eight members (the "Directors"). The Board of Directors met eight times during 2022. 
Name 
Position 
Other Directorships/Positions 
Sheikh Jassim Bin 
Hamad Bin Jassim 
Bin Jaber Al Thani 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
since April 2005 and member of the 
Board of Directors since June 2004. 
Appointed by election at the general 
assembly meeting held on 24 February 
2020. Chairman of the Executive 
Committee. 
Chairman of QInvest. 
Chairman 
of 
Qatar 
Navigation 
Company (Milaha). 
Chairman 
of 
Damaan 
Islamic 
Insurance Co. (Beema). 
Vice chairman of Q Terminals. 
Mr Abdullatif Bin 
Abdulla 
Al 
Mahmoud 
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors 
since February 2014 and a member of 
the Board of Directors since April 1996. 
Appointed by election at the general 
assembly meeting held on 24 February 
2020. Vice Chairman of the Executive 
Committee and Chairman of the Policies 
and Procedures Committee. 
Vice Chairman of Damaan Islamic 
Insurance Co. (Beema). 
Executive Manager of Dar Al Sharq 
Printing, Publishing and Distribution 
Co. 
Mr Mohamed Bin 
Issa Al Mohanadi 
Vice Chairman of the Board of 
Directors. Member of the Board of 
Directors since 1996. Appointed by 
election at the general assembly meeting 
held on 24 February 2020. Chairman of 
the Audit and Risk Committee, Vice-
Chairman 
of 
the 
Nomination, 
Compensations and Benefits Committee 
and 
the 
Governance 
Committee. 
Member of the Policies and Procedures 
Committee. 
 
Mr Abdul Rahman 
Abdullah 
Abdul 
Ghani 
Member of the Board of Directors since 
April 1996. Appointed by election at the 
general assembly meeting held on 24 
February 
2020. 
Member 
of 
the 
Executive Committee and the Policies 
and Procedures Committee. 
Board member of United Development 
Company. 
Chairman of Abdullah Abdul Ghani & 
Bros. (Toyota) and Abdullah Abdul 
Ghani & Sons Trading & Contracting 
Group. 
Mr 
Mansour 
Mohamed 
A. 
Fattah Al Musleh 
Member of the Board of Directors since 
April 1996. Appointed by election at the 
general assembly meeting held on 24 
February 
2020. 
Member 
of 
the 
Executive 
Committee 
and 
the 
Chairman of Al Andalus School. 
Director 
of 
the 
Office 
of 
His 
Excellency Sheikh / Abdullah bin

--- Page 152 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 140 - 
75-41049031 
 
Name 
Position 
Other Directorships/Positions 
Nominations, 
Compensations 
and 
Benefits Committee. 
Khalid bin Hamad Al Thani,- The 
Amiri Diwan. 
Board member of Al Jazeera Finance 
Company. 
Mr Abdulla Bin 
Saeed Al Eedah 
Member of the Board of Directors since 
April 2005. Appointed by election at the 
general assembly meeting held on 24 
February 
2020. 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Governance Committee and Member of 
the Policies and Procedures, Audit and 
Risk 
Committee 
and 
Nomination, 
Compensations 
and 
Benefits 
Committee. 
General 
Manager 
of 
Burooq 
Investment. 
Deputy Chairman of Al Sailiya Club. 
Mr Nasser Rashid 
S. Al-Kaabi 
Member of the Board of Directors since 
March 2008. Appointed by election at 
the general assembly meeting held on 24 
February 
2020. 
Member 
of 
the 
Executive Committee and Chairman of 
the Nomination, Compensations and 
Benefits Committee. 
Founder and owner of Al-Sraiya 
Holding Company. 
Member of the 'Al Shourah' Advisory 
council. 
Sheikh 
Abdullah 
Bin Khalid Bin 
Thani Al Thani 
Board member since February 2017. 
Appointed by election at the general 
assembly meeting held on 24 February 
2020. Member of the Audit and Risk 
Committee and Governance Committee. 
Board member of the Qatar Islamic 
Insurance Group and Medicare Group. 
Board member of the Medicare Group. 
Board Committees 
Each of the committees is appointed by the Board of Directors and each committee elects its own Chairman. 
QIB's principal Board committees are set out below: 
Committee 
Key purposes/responsibilities 
Executive Committee (the "EC") (five members of 
the Board of Directors). 
The Executive Committee did not meet during 
2022 as all decisions taken were within the Board 
capacity. 
• 
Coordinates the activities of all divisions 
and subsidiaries and discusses common 
issues related to QIB. 
• 
Supports the implementation of QIB's 
strategy and vision. 
 
• 
Approves credit facilities, which are 
above the authorised limit set for 
management, 
up 
to 
the 
Executive 
Committee limit delegated by the Board 
of Directors. 
 
• 
Authorises the individual transactions and 
sectoral limits which fall within the 
authorities delegated to the Executive 
Committee by the Board of Directors. 
 
• 
Approves and recommends action to be 
taken on impaired financings in line with: 
(i) the delegated limits and authorities

--- Page 153 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 141 - 
75-41049031 
 
Committee 
Key purposes/responsibilities 
approved by the Board of Directors; and 
(ii) QCB regulations. 
Audit and Risk Committee (three members of the 
Board of Directors). 
The Audit and Risk Committee held seven 
meetings during 2022. 
• 
Reviews 
financial 
controls, 
internal 
controls and QIB's risk management 
framework and systems. 
• 
Reviews the accounting principles and 
significant 
management 
assumptions 
underlying financial statements. 
 
• 
Reviews annual financial statements and 
considers whether they are complete in all 
aspects. 
 
• 
Reviews interim financial reports with 
management and the external auditors, 
before filing them with regulators. 
 
• 
Reviews and coordinates resolution of any 
disagreements between management and 
internal or external auditors. 
 
• 
Establishes the risk appetite of QIB and 
monitors the overall portfolio and risk 
management and policies profile for 
compliance with directives. 
 
• 
Reviews and approves the charter, plans, 
activities, staffing and organisational 
structure of the Internal Audit department 
and the Compliance department. 
 
• 
Reviews and approves the appointment, 
replacement or dismissal of the audit 
personnel and external auditors as well as 
their remuneration. 
 
• 
Reviews the effectiveness of the system 
for monitoring compliance with laws and 
regulations. 
Policies 
and 
Procedures 
Committee 
(four 
members of the Board of Directors and the Group 
CEO). 
The Policies and Procedures Committee held three 
meetings in 2022. 
• 
Studies, prepares and develops strategies, 
objectives, 
policies, 
systems, 
plans, 
budgets and work procedures manuals. 
• 
Ensures that QIB's policies and practices 
are 
conducted 
in 
accordance 
with 
established 
and 
approved 
business 
operating standards. 
• 
Reviews the operating efficiency of the 
various 
functions 
within 
QIB 
and 
measures the alignment of functional 
procedures with corporate objectives and 
business procedures. 
 
• 
Monitors QIB's quarterly performance 
against strategy, business plan and budget.

--- Page 154 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 142 - 
75-41049031 
 
Committee 
Key purposes/responsibilities 
 
• 
Refers 
deviations 
of 
policies 
and 
procedures from required standards to 
management for action. 
 
• 
Develops QIB's corporate and social 
responsibility strategy. 
Nomination, 
Compensations 
and 
Benefits 
Committee (four members of the Board of 
Directors and the Group CEO). 
The Nomination, Compensations and Benefits 
Committee held one meeting in 2022. 
• 
Develops a remuneration framework to 
attract, 
retain 
and 
motivate 
staff, 
management and a Board of Directors of 
the highest calibre. 
• 
Reviews 
bonus 
arrangements 
recommended by the Group CEO for 
senior management within QIB. 
• 
Approves the design of, and determines 
targets for, any performance related pay 
schemes operated by QIB and approves 
the total annual payments. 
• 
Recommends 
proposed 
levels 
of 
remuneration to the Board of Directors 
and ensures that contractual terms on 
termination, and any payments made, are 
fair to any individual whose contract is 
terminated. 
Governance Committee (three members of the 
Board of Directors). 
The Governance Committee held one meeting in 
2022. 
• 
Facilitates the communication between 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors 
and 
the 
management of QIB on governance 
related issues. 
 
• 
Assumes 
responsibility 
for 
the 
implementation, oversight and monitoring 
of 
corporate 
governance 
principles, 
directives and practices. 
 
• 
Recommends to the Board of Directors 
amendments to the charter, articles of 
association 
and 
internal 
corporate 
governance gap analysis as per the latest 
Corporate Governance Code.

--- Page 155 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 143 - 
75-41049031 
 
The following chart sets out QIB's organisation structure as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
Executive Management 
QIB's executive management team is responsible for the overall day-to-day management of QIB. The team 
is led by the Group CEO, Mr Bassel Gamal who was appointed by the Board of Directors in February 2013. 
The executive management team comprises the following members: 
Name 
Position 
Bassel Gamal 
Group CEO 
Rakesh Sanghvi 
Group Chief Risk Officer 
Saleem Ul Haq 
Chief Operating Officer 
Gourang Hemani 
Chief Financial Officer 
Constantinos Constantinides 
Chief Strategy Officer 
Tarek Youssef Fawzi 
General Manager, Wholesale Banking group 
Dorai Anand 
General Manager, Personal Banking group 
Khalifa Al Mesallam 
Head, Human Capital group 
Biographies 
Below is a brief summary of the main experience of QIB's key senior management: 
Mr Bassel Gamal – Group CEO of QIB: Mr Bassel Gamal assumed his current position as Group CEO in 
February 2013. Mr Gamal is a senior banking executive with over 26 years of experience in the banking 
and finance industry. He started his career and worked for over a decade at Commercial International Bank 
(Chase National Bank) in Egypt. Prior to joining QIB, Mr Gamal was the CEO of Ahli Bank in Qatar and 
prior to that Senior Deputy Group CEO – Banking Group of Ahli United Bank Group in Bahrain. 
QIB BOARD OF DIRECTORS
(Chairmen)
QIB Group CEO
GM – Arab Finance 
House
CM – QIB Sudan'
Compliance
Internal Audit
Shariah Audit
Strategy & Innovation
Marketing & Research
Communication, PR 
& Quality Assurance
Digital 
Transformation 
Progamme
Risk Support
Risk Management
Ops Risk, Info Sec., 
Financial Crime Risk 
& BCM
Legal
Rewards, 
Performance, OD & 
Operations
Learning & 
Development
Talent Acquisition & 
Workforce Planning
Government Relations
Assets & Liabilities 
Management
Financial Control & 
Reconciliation
Budgeting & 
Reporting
Financial Accounting
Branches
Private Banking
Affluent Segment
Retail Products
Corporate Banking I
Corporate Banking II
Transaction Banking
Financial Institution & 
NBFI
Operations
Information 
Technology
Information 
Management
Treasury
International Business
Alternative Channels
Branches Operational 
Procedures & Control
QIB Shariah Board
Audit and Risk 
Committee
Zakat Committee
Executive 
Committee
Nomination & 
Remuneration 
Committee
Policies & 
Procedures 
Committee
Corporate 
Governance 
Committee
CEO – QIB UK
Chief – Personal & 
Private Banking
Chief – Wholesale 
Banking &International 
Chief – Operating
Officer
Chief – Finance Officer
Chief - Human Capital
Officer
Chief – Risk & Legal 
Officer
Chief – Strategy &
Digital Officer

--- Page 156 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 144 - 
75-41049031 
 
Mr Rakesh Sanghvi – Group Chief Risk Officer: Mr Rakesh Sanghvi assumed his current position as Group 
Chief Risk Officer in 2013. He has over 33 years of experience in risk, corporate banking and finance with 
leading audit firms and banks in the region. Mr Sanghvi is a chartered accountant (FCA) from the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of India and a CISA qualification holder from the USA. 
Mr Saleem Ul Haq – Chief Operating Officer: Mr Saleem Ul Haq has over 28 years of diversified 
experience of business, risk, control and back office functions in multiple geographies with Barclays, 
Citigroup, Bank One and Africa and Gulf Bank. 
Prior to joining QIB, Mr Ul Haq was CEO for Africa and Gulf Bank and prior to that, served as the Chief 
Operating Officer for Bank One in Mauritius and Barclays Bank Egypt. Mr Ul Haq has an MBA in 
Marketing of financial services from the Institute of Business Administration, Karachi. 
Mr Gourang Hemani – Chief Financial Officer: Mr Gourang Hemani assumed his current position as Chief 
Financial Officer in 2012. Mr Hemani has over 26 years of accounting and finance experience with 
international banks and with leading audit firms. Mr Hemani started his career with PriceWaterhouse 
Coopers in India and progressed through Standard Chartered Bank in India followed by a long career with 
Banque Saudi Fransi in Saudi Arabia handling various roles including Asset Liability Management, 
Treasury Middle Office and Financial Planning. Mr Hemani's last assignment, prior to joining QIB, was 
with Banque Saudi Fransi as Deputy Chief Financial Officer. Mr Hemani is a CFA charterholder, Financial 
Risk Manager (FRM) charterholder and Chartered Accountant from India. 
Mr Constantinos Constantinides – Chief Strategy Officer: Mr Constantinos Constantinides joined QIB as 
Chief Strategy Officer to lead its transformation programme in 2012. Mr Constantinides has over 26 years 
of experience in banking and consulting. Prior to that Mr Constantinides held senior roles at Al Rajhi Bank 
for eight years, including General Manager of Strategy (where he was responsible for business development 
and regional expansion) and Deputy General Manager of Retail Banking. As a management consultant with 
Accenture for seven years, Mr Constantinides led several strategic initiatives for European banks and 
financial institutions. Mr Constantinides holds an MBA in International Strategy from the University of 
Birmingham (England). 
Mr Tarek Youssef Fawzi – General Manager of QIB's Wholesale Banking Group (responsible for the 
Corporate Banking Group and the Treasury division): Mr Fawzi joined QIB as General Manager of QIB's 
Wholesale Banking Group in 2014. Mr Fawzi is a senior banking executive with over 39 years of 
international experience, predominantly in corporate banking, investment and treasury, with international 
and regional banks. Mr Fawzi started his banking career with Arab African International Bank in Egypt 
and worked for leading banks such as Chase International Bank, Burgan Bank, Kuwait, National Bank of 
Oman and Mashreq Bank, UAE. Prior to joining QIB, Mr Fawzi was CEO and Country Head of Mashreq 
Bank, Egypt. Mr Fawzi holds a Bachelor of Economics and Business Administration from The American 
University in Cairo (Egypt). 
Mr Dorai Anand – General Manager of QIB's Personal Banking Group: Mr Dorai Anand assumed his 
current position as General Manager of QIB's Personal Banking Group in 2011. Mr Anand has over 31 
years of experience in the banking industry, particularly in retail banking, consumer assets business, 
customer service and operations. Mr Anand has held various senior management roles with leading 
conventional and Islamic banks. Most of his career was spent with Citibank. For the eight years prior to 
joining QIB, Mr Anand was with Al Rahji Bank in Saudi Arabia and prior to that Mr Anand was General 
Manager – Retail Banking Group with Al Rahji Bank. Mr Anand holds an MBA from Bharathiar University 
(India). 
Mr Khalifa Al Mesallam – Head of QIB's Human Capital Group: Mr Khalifa Al Mesallam assumed his 
current position as Head of QIB's Human Capital Group in 2014. Mr Mesallam has over 21 years of banking 
experience, in retail banking and human capital management with leading international and regional banks. 
He started his banking career with HSBC Qatar in the retail banking division and progressed to various lead 
roles in customer service, branches and human resource quality control. He also held leading positions in 
retail banking in Commercial Bank of Qatar. Prior to joining QIB, he was Group Recruitment Manager 
with Al Khaliji Bank. He joined QIB in 2011 as Head of Talent Acquisition and Manpower Planning, a 
division within the Human Capital Group, from which he progressed to his current role. 
The registered office and headquarters of QIB, including its Directors and the members of its executive 
management team, are at Grand Hamad Street, P.O. Box 559, Doha, Qatar (telephone: +974 4033 3333).

--- Page 157 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 145 - 
75-41049031 
 
There are no interests of the Directors or members of its executive management team in transactions which 
are or were unusual in their nature or conditions or significant to the business of QIB. QIB is not aware of 
any potential conflicts of interest between the duties owed by the Directors and members of the executive 
management team to QIB and their private interests or other duties. 
Executive Management Committees 
QIB has a number of executive management committees whose purpose is to assist the Group CEO in 
performing his duties. Each committee has a required quorum and resolutions are passed by a majority of 
the votes cast except in the cases of (i) the Credit Committee, which requires unanimity, and (ii) the Credit 
and Investment Committee, which requires approval of the Chairman of the committee (the "Group CEO") 
in addition to a majority vote. The executive management committees include: 
Management Committee .......................................  
• 
Ensures that all actions undertaken 
support QIB's vision, purpose and aims. 
 
• 
QIB's vision, purpose and aims. 
 
• 
Establishes fundamental values, ethical 
principles and the strategic direction in 
which QIB operates. 
 
• 
Monitors and evaluates all areas of QIB's 
performance. 
Asset Liability Management Committee ...............  
• 
Monitors and reviews the performance of 
QIB's 
treasury 
activities, 
including 
banking and trading book portfolios, in 
terms of profitability, credit performance, 
volatility, volumes and other risks. 
 
• 
Monitors and reviews QIB's management 
of 
liquidity 
risk, 
including 
capital 
position, pricing of funding and deposits, 
and liquidity contingency plans. 
 
• 
Monitors and reviews QIB's management 
of foreign exchange risk. 
 
• 
Reviews the introduction of new treasury 
products across QIB. 
 
• 
Ensures compliance of QIB entities with 
treasury limits and ratios (i.e. mismatches 
and excesses) that have been approved by 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors, 
senior 
management, the QCB or any applicable 
foreign regulator. 
 
• 
Reviews information on movements of 
market 
interest/profit 
and 
foreign 
exchange 
rates 
both 
national 
and 
international, 
macroeconomic 
and 
political developments and competitors' 
actions, which may affect QIB's funding, 
liquidity, profitability or market share. 
 
• 
Oversees QIB's intergroup transfer pricing 
policy for cost of funds allocation within 
the management information system.

--- Page 158 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 146 - 
75-41049031 
 
 
• 
Establishes and amends QIB's base rates 
applicable to each entity and related 
changes in deposits and risk asset profit 
rate structures. 
Credit and Investment Committee ........................  
• 
Oversees, on a day to day basis, all matters 
relating to credit risk, including credit and 
investment policy interpretation and 
application, 
exposure 
portfolio 
monitoring and country limits. 
 
• 
Reviews and manages risk asset policies, 
approvals, exposures and recoveries 
related 
to 
credit, 
operational 
and 
compliance risks. 
 
• 
Acts as a general forum for discussions of 
any aspect of risk or potential risks facing 
QIB which could result in reputational or 
financial loss to QIB. It also oversees the 
operations of the Operational Risk 
Committee and the Special Assets 
Committee. 
 
• 
Approves all credit requests (including 
any changes in tenor, pricing, securities 
and conditions) as per its (domestic and 
international) credit approving authority 
matrix. 
 
• 
Reviews the adequacy of credit risk 
controls and the standard and quality of 
reporting to the Board of Directors. 
 
• 
Approves or declines financing facilities 
within its delegated authority. 
 
• 
Monitors and reviews country exposures 
across QIB. 
 
• 
Monitors 
and 
reviews 
financing 
compliance 
by 
QIB 
with 
QCB 
regulations, applicable local regulations 
and policies set by the Board of Directors. 
 
• 
Reviews the introduction of new credit 
products and new investment products 
across QIB. 
 
• 
Approves purchases/sales of investments 
within delegated authority and related 
accounting. 
 
• 
Ensures that local and foreign investments 
are considered in line with the parameters 
set by the Board of Directors and 
embedded as part of QIB's operational 
processes. 
 
• 
Monitors and reviews the performance of 
all investment activities across QIB in

--- Page 159 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 147 - 
75-41049031 
 
terms 
of 
profitability, 
financial 
performance, risks and volumes. 
 
• 
Ensures compliance with investment 
limits and ratios approved by the Board of 
Directors, QCB, foreign regulators or 
senior management. 
Information Technology Committee .....................  
• 
Monitors the development and continuing 
support of information systems across 
QIB, the integration of such systems and 
management information and systems 
reporting. 
 
• 
Reviews and prepares plans for the 
development of information technology 
across QIB in the short and long term. 
 
• 
Supervises the development and revision 
of information technology policies and 
monitors the progress of all information 
technology projects. 
Human Resources Committee ..............................  
• 
Ensures 
effective 
human 
capital 
management 
across 
QIB 
and 
that 
appropriate policies and procedures are in 
place. 
 
• 
Leads 
QIB's 
recruitment, 
retention, 
selection and assessment processes. 
Capital Expenditure Committee ...........................  
• 
Evaluates 
large 
capital 
expenditure 
requests and provides recommendations 
for approval by the Group CEO or 
Executive 
Committee 
(Board 
of 
Directors). 
 
• 
Evaluates, depending on the prevailing 
delegation of authority, the business case 
presented by each group of QIB for large 
capital expenditures, which includes 
review of the cost-benefit analysis, vendor 
selection criteria and process and an 
assessment of alternative options for all 
such expenditure proposals. 
 
• 
Responsible for approving credit up to a 
maximum predetermined 'One Obligor 
Total' and non-strategic investments up to 
certain prescribed limits. 
Credit Committee .................................................  
• 
Endorses changes to credit and investment 
policy for approval of the Board of 
Directors and approves credit and non-
strategic investments. 
 
• 
Monitors 
and 
reviews 
investments' 
performance and issues and approves 
credit requests. The Credit and Investment 
Committee is responsible for reviewing 
and evaluating the investment policies and

--- Page 160 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 148 - 
75-41049031 
 
ensuring compliance with QIB's credit 
policy. 
Special Assets Committee .....................................  
• 
Manages problematic finance as well as 
investments, including QIB's subsidiaries. 
 
• 
Reviews and approves recommendations 
made by the relevant business lines and 
instructs 
necessary 
actions 
on 
restructuring of nonperforming finance 
and investments (such as rescheduling 
repayment, early settlement and profit 
rebates, selling part or full guarantees for 
repayment and proposing granting of 
additional financings). 
 
• 
Reviews and recommends write-offs and 
provisioning to approving authorities, i.e. 
the Board of Directors and the QCB. 
Operational Risk Committee ................................  
• 
Oversees and ensures the efficient and 
effective 
management 
of 
QIB's 
operational risks. 
 
• 
Prepares and consolidates operational risk 
losses reports as well as action plans to 
mitigate deficiencies in controls. 
 
• 
Reports to the Board of Directors with a 
summarised account of QIB's risk and risk 
management activities. The committee's 
mandate also includes approving and 
reviewing risk assessments and QIB's risk 
and control self-assessments deployment 
plan, results and action plans. 
New Products Committee .....................................  
• 
Oversees 
performance 
of 
QIB's 
businesses through product and service 
development 
initiatives, 
including 
reviewing and approving plans, QIB's 
standard tariff table, pricing, fees and 
cross-sell targets. 
 
• 
Monitors the implementation of all 
projects related to the development and 
roll-out of products and services as well as 
enhancements to existing products and 
services. 
Shari'a Supervisory Board 
The General Assembly of QIB appoints the Shari'a Supervisory Board ("SSB") which must consist of at 
least three members who are experts in Islamic jurisprudence. The SSB may include an expert in the field 
of Islamic Financial Institutions who also has knowledge of Islamic jurisprudence. Members should not 
hold positions of responsibility in QIB other than as part of the SSB; they should be independent. This 
policy is part of QIB's Corporate Governance Policy. The SSB currently meets at least four times each year 
and consists of: 
• 
His Eminence Sheikh Walid Bin Hadi (Head of Executive Committee); 
• 
Sheikh Abdulaziz Khalifa Al-Qassar; and

--- Page 161 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 149 - 
75-41049031 
 
• 
Dr. Mohammed Ahmaine (Administrative Member). 
As outlined above, the primary function of the SSB is to review QIB's proposed transactions and activities 
and issue fatwas that approve or reject such proposed transactions or activities for compliance with Islamic 
Shari'a. 
The SSB provides advice to all of QIB's departments with regards to any of its business activities. In 
addition, the SSB deals with enquiries received from third parties regarding QIB's business, whether such 
third parties are local or international and whether they are involved in the Shari'a-compliant investment 
sector or not. 
QIB is bound by the resolutions and fatwas of the SSB. The SSB may suspend or reject any activity or 
procedure that is not compliant with Shari'a principles. The SSB may propose remedies to address any 
violation of the Shari'a principles. Any income that may be received from non-Shari'a compliant sources 
is not recognised as profit. If an investment is deemed non-Shari'a compliant, QIB may be required to sell 
or otherwise dispose of its interest in such investment, with proceeds from such disposal to be donated to a 
designated charity acceptable to QIB and the SSB. 
In addition to the SSB, QIB has a dedicated internal Shari'a Audit Department, which continually examines, 
monitors and reports on QIB's activities for Shari'a compliance. 
Through its direct monitoring and QIB's internal Shari'a Audit Department, the SSB ensures that QIB's 
activities and investments do not constitute any of the following: 
• 
involvement in unlawful entertainment, such as casinos, gambling, cinema, music and 
pornographic materials; 
• 
involvement in hotels and leisure companies that provide any of the above products or services; 
and 
• 
any other activity deemed to be in contradiction of the Shari'a rules and principles. 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2022, QIB had 802 employees on a full-time basis and 332 outsourced employees on 
yearly contracts, including call centre agents and direct sales agents. QIB's goal is to be the employer of 
choice in Qatar. All QIB employees are provided with life and health insurance coverage. Dependants of 
QIB employees who are entitled to family benefits also receive health insurance coverage. 
QIB employees with Qatari citizenship benefit from a pension scheme. Non-Qatari national employees are 
covered by end of service benefits, which are provided for on the basis of each employee's salary and length 
of service at each reporting date. 
As at 31 December 2022, Qatari nationals represented approximately 30 per cent. of QIB's workforce, 
which is more than the 20 per cent. required under Qatari law. Approximately 70 per cent. of QIB's branch 
managers are Qatari nationals. QIB's objective is to increase the number of Qatari nationals in its workforce 
to 40 per cent. over the next five years. QIB has implemented Qatari national development and sponsorship 
programmes by implementing a plan of sponsoring 40 students every year, with the aim of developing 
young Qatari nationals with technical and professional skills. QIB also provides summer internship training 
to students from leading universities in Qatar who are Qatari nationals.

--- Page 162 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 150 - 
75-41049031 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
Overview 
QIB is exposed to different types of risks in its normal course of business, including credit risk, liquidity 
and funding risk, market risk, equity investment risk, profit rate risk, business continuity risk, cyber security 
risk, operational risk including fraud risk and compliance and/or reputational risk from its use of financial 
instruments. The role of the Risk Group is to manage QIB's risks by seeking to ensure that its business 
activities and transactions provide an appropriate balance of return for the risk assumed and remain within 
QIB's risk appetite, which is collectively managed throughout the organisation by adherence to QIB's 
Enterprise Risk Management Framework. An important component of the Enterprise Risk Management 
Framework is to ensure that significant risks which are evolving or emerging risks are appropriately 
identified, managed and incorporated into QIB's existing Enterprise Risk Management Framework. This 
ensures that management is proactive in its assessment of risks relevant to QIB. The Risk Group is therefore 
responsible for managing the overall quality of QIB's assets, continuously monitoring QIB's portfolio and 
taking corrective action as and when required. 
An overview of QIB's risk management structure is set out below. 
 
QIB continues to strengthen its risk assessment procedures by employing skilled risk officers and by 
introducing and implementing new procedures and systems such as automated risk management solutions 
which include a Basel III calculation engine, IFRS9/FAS30 provision model, automated assets and liability 
management software and an enterprise wide Governance, Risk and Compliance ("GRC") Solution, which 
provides a single, integrated system to manage, coordinates and tracks multiple types of GRC activities as 
part of its operational risk management. 
QIB believes that the measures adopted to monitor and control credit and counterparty risks have enabled 
it to contain these risks within acceptable limits and ensure that its portfolio does not presently contain any 
counterparty, obligor or other similar exposure that may result in a loss that is above the acceptable level 
approved by the Board of Directors. 
QIB views risk management as an integral part of the management of its activities. Risk is assessed by 
reference to acceptable thresholds which are set at the Board of Directors and risk committee levels 
according to a comprehensive risk appetite and framework statement. 
The Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of QIB's risk 
management framework. The Board of Directors evaluates risk in co-ordination with the Group Chief 
Executive Officer and various board and management committees. These committees are responsible for 
formulating QIB's risk management policies, while the implementation of such policies is carried out by 
the Risk Group, headed by the Group Chief Risk Officer. For a brief outline of the role and responsibilities 
of each committee, see "Management and Employees" above. 
Board's Audit & Risk
Committee
Group Chief Executive 
Officer
Group Chief Risk Officer
Market Risk Division
Credit Risk Division
Operational Risk Division
Special Assets Division
Legal Division
Remedial 
Department
Collections 
Department
Credit Review 
Department
Credit Admin 
Department
Engineering 
Support 
Development

--- Page 163 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 151 - 
75-41049031 
 
Policies and Standards 
QIB's financing principles are laid out in a series of corporate policies, standards, guidelines, directives and 
procedures, all of which are reviewed on a regular basis to keep them current and appropriate to QIB's risk 
limits. The structure, limits, collateral requirements, ongoing management, monitoring and reporting of 
QIB's credit exposures are all governed by these financing principles. 
In summary, the principles provide that: 
• 
all credit facilities and investments must meet in principle the Shari'a guidelines, the QCB 
regulations and should be in line with QIB's internal policies; 
• 
all credit facilities and investments should be risk-rated based on QIB's internal risk rating 
guidelines; 
• 
all credits as well as investments must be approved by an authorised officer and/or committee in 
accordance with QIB's authority matrix; 
• 
QIB must avoid speculative business and any focus on a sector or industry should be based on 
stable outlooks; and 
• 
as directed by the Board of Directors and management, all credit facilities and investments made 
must be targeted to ensure QIB is able to limit its concentrations, reduce volatilities in the portfolio, 
achieve optimum earnings and manage liquidity. 
Credit Risk 
Credit risk is the risk that a customer or counterparty to a financial asset fails to meet its contractual 
obligations and causes QIB to incur a financial loss. It arises principally from QIB's financing activities. 
QIB's credit risk management framework includes: 
• 
the establishment and maintenance of an authorisation structure and limits for the approval and 
renewal of credit facilities; 
• 
reviewing and assessing credit exposure in accordance with an authorisation structure and limits, 
prior to facilities being approved and committed to customers. Renewals and reviews of facilities 
are subject to the same review process which consists of preparing a credit application to the 
relevant authority within QIB; 
• 
diversification of financing and investment activities based on guidelines from the QCB and the 
risk appetite framework approved by the Board of Directors and executive management; 
• 
ensuring that credit quality is not compromised for growth, employing policies and tools which 
use QIB's credit risk rating and scoring systems and pricing appropriately for the credit risk taken; 
• 
limiting any concentration of exposures to industry sectors, geographic locations and 
counterparties; and 
• 
reviewing compliance policies on an ongoing basis (in accordance with ratios set by QCB 
guidelines), with agreed exposure limits relating to counterparties, industries and countries, and 
reviewing limits in accordance with QIB's overall risk management strategy and market trends. 
The Credit and Investment Committee and the Board of Directors are responsible for approving high value 
credits and for the formulation of credit policies and processes in line with growth, risk management and 
strategic objectives. 
In addition, QIB manages its credit exposure by generally obtaining security where appropriate and limiting 
the duration of exposure. Generally, facilities are fully secured by tangible assets in accordance with Islamic 
standards. QIB's Risk Group is responsible for monitoring certain limits set by the QCB regarding Group 
Concentrations at the time of granting limits (including limits on exposures to individual countries and 
banks and financial institutions) and is responsible for monitoring maximum allowable finance amounts

--- Page 164 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 152 - 
75-41049031 
 
per the QCB regulations such as a maximum LTV of 60 to 70 per cent. under real-estate financing as 
defined by QCB at the day of authorising the limit. The Risk Group is also responsible for monitoring the 
real estate financing caps. 
QIB has a comprehensive set of Board-approved policies and standard operating procedures to manage 
various risks it is exposed to and to mitigate operational risk. Regular audits of business units and group 
credit processes are undertaken by the Internal Audit and Compliance departments. 
Exposure to credit risk and provisioning 
QIB monitors concentration of credit risk by industry sector and by geographic location. The following 
table sets out QIB's customer financing portfolio as at 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020 classified by type, by sector and by customer type. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
(QAR million) 
By Type 
 
 
 
Murabaha ..................................................................................................................  
82,494 
94,426 
86,714 
Musawama ................................................................................................................  
25,435 
25,395 
21,807 
Ijarah Muntahia Bittamleek .......................................................................................  
34,121 
20,709 
20,100 
Istisna'a .....................................................................................................................  
6 
9 
185 
Mudaraba ..................................................................................................................  
- 
- 
14 
Others ........................................................................................................................  
506 
373 
1,998 
Total financing assets ..............................................................................................  
142,562 
140,912 
130,818 
By sector 
 
 
 
Government and related entities ................................................................................  
10,677 
22,930 
17,108 
Non-banking financial institutions ............................................................................  
12,871 
12,231 
10,732 
Industry .....................................................................................................................  
9,373 
5,328 
7,872 
Commercial ...............................................................................................................  
13,158 
15,606 
14,566 
Service ......................................................................................................................  
13,585 
11,535 
12,073 
Contracting ................................................................................................................  
7,311 
7,144 
6,227 
Real estate .................................................................................................................  
37,518 
29,846 
26,593 
Personal .....................................................................................................................  
36,140 
33,964 
28,953 
Others ........................................................................................................................  
1,930 
2,328 
6,694 
Total financing assets ..............................................................................................  
142,562 
140,912 
130,819 
Deferred profit...........................................................................................................  
(17,252) 
(7,665) 
(7,774) 
Less: Expected credit losses on financing assets - performing (Stage 1 and 2)..........  
(4,188) 
(3,014) 
(2,355) 
Allowance for impairment on financing assets – credit impaired (Stage 3) ...............  
(1,774) 
(1,769) 
(1,546) 
Suspended profit .......................................................................................................  
(63) 
(55) 
(72) 
Total financing assets (net) .....................................................................................  
119,285 
128,409 
119,072 
 
Individual financing facilities are categorised on a sliding scale into: (i) performing; (ii) watch list; (iii) 
substandard; (iv) doubtful; and (v) bad. The latter three categories are non-performing classifications and 
require a provision against the outstanding facility (after taking into account collateral secured against the 
facility). Outstanding facilities are reviewed on an individual basis and classified accordingly as: 
• 
Substandard: facilities with a due payment outstanding for more than 90 days (but less than 180 
days), requiring a minimum 20 per cent. provision against the unsecured portion of such facility; 
• 
Doubtful: facilities with a due payment outstanding for more than 180 days (but less than 270 
days), requiring a minimum 50 per cent. provision against the unsecured portion of such facility; 
or 
• 
Bad: facilities with a due payment outstanding for more than 270 days, requiring a 100 per cent. 
provision against the unsecured portion of such facility. 
QIB takes a prudent approach to the provisioning of assets in line with the QCB's requirements. Auditors 
from the QCB monitor and verify all accounts in detail for each bank under its regulation. Each bank in 
Qatar is required to file a draft of its provisions with the QCB annually for its approval. The QCB has the 
authority to increase such provisioning if it sees fit.

--- Page 165 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 153 - 
75-41049031 
 
Allowances for impairment 
A credit is considered impaired when, in the opinion of QIB's management, there is reasonable doubt 
regarding the timely collection of the financing amount and the profit. QIB provides an allowance for 
impairment losses that represents its estimate of incurred losses due from its financing portfolio. The main 
component of this allowance is a specific loss component that relates to individually significant exposures. 
QIB employs a specific approach to provisioning and financing loss evaluation across all its financing 
portfolios. Prompt identification of problem financings is a key risk management objective (any unpaid 
profit or principal for a period of 30 days or recurring past dues remain the most significant indicators to 
identify a problem triggering classification). QIB maintains conservative specific impairment allowances, 
considering the minimum requirements, in accordance with QCB guidelines for credit losses which reduce 
the carrying value of credit assets where there is evidence of deterioration in credit quality. 
QIB reviews its financing portfolio to assess impairments on at least a quarterly basis and provides a report 
about the non-performing financings and provisions at the end of October and December of each year to 
the QCB, which has the authority to request additional provisioning from QIB. At the end of each financial 
year, QIB is required to provide the QCB with its final provisions in accordance with QCB guidelines. 
Note 4(b) to the 2022 Financial Statements contains a table showing an impairment analysis in respect of 
QIB's financing portfolio. 
QIB implemented FAS 30 with effect from 1 January 2018. The objective of this standard is to establish 
the principles of accounting and financial reporting for the impairment and credit losses on various Islamic 
financing, investment and certain other assets of Islamic financial institutions (the institutions), and 
provisions against onerous commitments enabling, in particular, the users of financial statements to fairly 
assess the amounts, timing and uncertainties with regard to the future cash flows associated with such assets 
and transactions. 
FAS 30 introduced the assessment of credit losses approach with a forward-looking expected credit loss 
("ECL") model. The credit losses approach for receivables and off balance sheet exposures uses a dual 
measurement approach, under which the loss allowance is measured as either a 12-month expected credit 
loss or a lifetime expected credit loss. 
FAS 30 classifies assets and exposures into three categories based on the nature of the risks involved (for 
instance, credit risks) and prescribes three approaches for assessing losses for each of these categories of 
assets: (i) the credit losses approach; (ii) the net realisable value approach; and (iii) the impairment 
approach. 
QIB applies a three-stage approach to measuring ECLs on financial assets carried at amortised cost. Assets 
migrate through the following three stages based on the change in credit quality since initial recognition: 
• 
Stage 1: 12 months ECL - not credit impaired; 
• 
Stage 2: Lifetime ECL - not credit impaired; and 
• 
Stage 3: Non-performing - credit impaired. 
Risk reserve 
In addition to undertaking specific credit risk and impairment provisioning, QIB maintains a risk reserve in 
accordance with QCB requirements. The QCB requires such a reserve to be established at 2.5 per cent. of 
the bank's eligible outstanding financing portfolio. Facilities granted to or secured by the Government, or 
secured by cash collateral, are excluded from the financing portfolio for the purposes of assessing the 
required risk reserve amount. The use of the risk reserve is subject to the prior approval of the QCB. As at 
31 December 2022, QIB's risk reserve amounted to QAR2,641.7 million (U.S.$725.7 million). 
Write-off policy 
QIB writes-off financing assets (and any related allowances for impairment) when management determines 
that such financing assets are not collectable, that is, when there is no realistic prospect of recovery and 
after the Board of Directors and QCB approvals are obtained. This is determined after all possible efforts

--- Page 166 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 154 - 
75-41049031 
 
of collecting the amounts have been exhausted by the remedial division of the Risk Group. For smaller 
balance standardised financing assets, write-off decisions generally are based on a product-specific past 
due status. The business units and their respective Credit Officers, Relationship Officers and Managers will 
assist in the collection process and the subsequent remedial action process of defaulting accounts. 
The collection, remedial and settlement processes are accelerated if required by a Credit Officer from the 
Risk Group. QIB adopts a conservative approach in relation to writing-off financings that are considered 
uncollectable. QIB systematically writes-off the outstanding amounts of the finance amount or profit if they 
are not collected within the maximum timeframe assigned following exhaustion of all available means. 
Similarly, upon a customer's bankruptcy, balances previously classified as impaired are also written-off. 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, financing written-off 
amounted to QAR9.4 million (U.S.$2.6 million), QAR443.2 million (U.S.$121.8 million) and QAR 60.3 
million (U.S.$16.6 million) respectively. 
Collateral 
QIB holds collateral against financing assets in the form of blocked deposits, pledged shares, mortgage 
interests over properties, guarantees from reputable local or international banks, well established local or 
multinational large corporates and high net-worth private individuals and legal mortgages against the 
financing assets. Collateral is generally not held against investments. As at 31 December 2022, collateral 
held by QIB amounted to approximately QAR241.1 billion (U.S.$66.2 billion) as compared to 
approximately QAR230.5 billion (U.S.$63.2 billion) as at 31 December 2021 and approximately 
QAR229.0 billion (U.S.$62.9 billion) as at 31 December 2020. 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity or funding risk is the risk that QIB will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations associated 
with its financial liabilities. Liquidity risk can arise due to market disruptions or credit downgrades which 
may cause immediate depletion of some financial resources. 
QIB's approach to managing liquidity risk is to ensure that management has diversified funding sources 
and closely monitors liquidity (on a daily and monthly basis) to ensure adequate funding. QIB maintains a 
portfolio of short-term liquid assets, largely made up of short-term liquid trading investments and interbank 
placements. QIB also maintains statutory reserves with the QCB. All liquidity policies and procedures are 
annually reviewed and approved by ALCO and by the Board of Directors. 
Exposure to liquidity risk 
The key measure used by QIB for measuring liquidity risk is the ratio of net liquid assets, that is, total assets 
by maturity against total liabilities by maturity. 
Details of QIB's net liquid assets appear in Note 4(c) to the 2022 Financial Statements. The net liquid assets 
shown measure the maturity profile of QIB's assets and liabilities by contractual repayment arrangements, 
which have been determined on the basis of the period remaining to the contractual maturity date measured 
at the statement of the financial position date. This basis of measurement does not take account of the 
effective maturities of certain types of deposit (in particular of QIB's on demand deposits where the deposit 
retention history indicates that the average maturity of a deposit is two years). The maturity profile of QIB's 
net liquid assets is monitored by management to ensure adequate liquidity is maintained. 
Market Risk 
QIB assumes exposure to market risk in the ordinary course of its business from its foreign currency 
positions, equity investments (such as shares) and other investments arising due to general and specific 
market movements. QIB uses methodologies such as value at risk, stress testing and scenario analysis to 
measure and reduce its market risks and monitors the limits set for its market risk exposures on a regular 
basis. 
The Board of Directors has set risk limits based on country limits and/or counterparties which are closely 
monitored by the Risk Group and reported daily to senior management and discussed monthly by ALCO. 
Monitoring of such limits chiefly involves minimising the risk that the daily market risk exposures exceed 
the risk tolerance levels established by QIB, by closely monitoring trigger levels and ensuring that breaches 
are promptly and appropriately reported and escalated and that corrective action is taken. New limits are

--- Page 167 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 155 - 
75-41049031 
 
established only for any new approved business activity or for any new approved client or portfolio. 
Allocation of new limits is analysed by the Risk Group in order to assess the contribution of additional risk 
or the advantages of the diversification to be brought by such changes. Any approval for changes and 
cancellations of existing limits is also similarly monitored as outlined above. Reallocation of limits may 
occur to accommodate new or existing portfolios or business lines. The reallocation is reviewed by the Risk 
Group to ensure that it is in line with the overall market risk and limit monitoring policy. 
QIB also manages its market risk through diversification of investments in terms of geographical 
distribution and industry concentration. In addition, QIB complies with Basel III requirements, as adopted 
by the QCB, and QCB regulations. 
Equity Price Risk 
Equity price risk is the risk that the fair value of QIB's equity securities portfolio decreases as a result of 
changes in the levels of equity price indices and the value of individual stocks. A summary of QIB's trading 
portfolios related exposures as at 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 is 
mentioned in Note 4(d)(ii) to the 2022 Financial Statements and 2021 Financial Statements. 
Profit Rate Risk or Rate of Return Risk 
Profit rate risk refers to the risk that a change of profit rates might affect QIB's future income. Exposure to 
profit rate risk is managed by QIB through diversification of its assets portfolio and by matching the 
maturities of asset and liabilities. 
In line with the policy approved by the Board of Directors, ALCO performs regular reviews of QIB's assets 
and liabilities in order to ensure that the maturity gap between assets and liabilities is maintained at a 
minimum level and also to ensure that financings and investments are made for quality assets at higher rates 
of return. 
When calculating a rate of return, a gapping method is employed for allocating positions into time bands 
with remaining maturities or re-pricing dates, whichever is earlier. ALCO takes necessary steps to ensure 
that the management processes relating to the identification, measurement, monitoring, reporting and 
control of the rate of return risk (including appropriate structure) are in place. Since the rate of return risks 
emanate from various balance sheet positions, the Risk Group ensures that proper analysis is undertaken of 
the risk exposures arising from the consolidated balance sheet activities. 
QIB manages rate of return risk by monitoring external and internal factors impacting on return spreads. In 
general, profit rates earned on assets reflect the benchmark of the previous period and do not correspond 
immediately to changes in increased benchmark rates. 
Note 4(d)(iii) to the 2022 Financial Statements and the 2021 Financial Statements contains an analysis of 
QIB's profit rate sensitivity gap over various maturity periods during 2022, 2021 and 2020. In general, 
QIB's profit paying assets exceed its profit bearing liabilities having similar maturities. 
Foreign Exchange Risk 
Currency risk is the risk that the value of a financial instrument will fluctuate due to changes in foreign 
exchange rates and arises from financial instruments denominated in a foreign currency. QIB's functional 
currency is the Qatari riyal. The Board of Directors has set limits on positions by currency. Positions are 
closely monitored and a Shari'a-compliant hedging strategy is used to ensure positions are maintained 
within established limits. Note 4(d)(iv) to the 2022 Financial Statements and the 2021 Financial Statements 
shows QIB's net foreign currency positions at 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2020. More than 94 per cent. of QIB's assets and 94 per cent. of liabilities, equity of unrestricted investment 
accountholders, non-controlling interest and equity holders' equity at 31 December 2022 were denominated 
in Qatari riyal or U.S. dollars (the riyal has been pegged to the dollar at a fixed exchange rate since 1980). 
QIB's principal other net currency exposures are in euro and pounds sterling and it uses Shari'a-compliant 
forward contracts to mitigate these and other currency risks. 
Note 4(d)(iv) to the 2022 Financial Statements and the 2021 Financial Statements shows QIB's sensitivity 
to changes of 5 per cent. in certain currency exchange rates in terms of the effect on its income statement 
in each of 2022, 2021 and 2020.

--- Page 168 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 156 - 
75-41049031 
 
Prepayment Risk 
Prepayment risk is the risk that QIB will incur a financial loss because its customers and counterparties 
repay or request repayment earlier than expected, such as fixed rate financial exposures when profit rates 
fall. Due to the contractual terms of its Islamic products, QIB is not significantly exposed to prepayment 
risk as the majority of its financing assets are based on variable rates which increase and decrease in line 
with the relevant benchmark, which mitigates the level of prepayment risk attached thereto. 
Operational Risk Management 
Operational risk is the risk of direct or indirect loss due to an event or action (including external events) 
causing a failure of technology, process or personnel. QIB seeks to minimise actual or potential losses from 
operational failures through a framework of policies and procedures that aim to identify, assess, control, 
manage and report those risks. 
The Operational Risk Management division of the Risk Group (the "ORM") covers six key operational risk 
areas: 
• 
People Risk: The risk of a loss intentionally or unintentionally caused by an employee, such as 
employee error or deliberate wrongdoing, or involving employees, such as in the area of 
employment disputes. This risk area covers internal organisational problems and losses and 
requires defining limits on decision making powers and responsibility levels; 
• 
Process Risk: Risks related to the execution and maintenance of transactions, and the various 
aspects of running a business, including products and services. This requires establishing policy 
updates, procedure implementation, publishing regular management reports and automating 
processes as much as possible; 
• 
System Risk: The risk of loss caused by piracy, theft, failure, breakdown or other disruption in 
technology, data or information or by technology that fails to meet business needs. This requires 
ensuring that systems maintenance, technology development methodologies, backup and recovery 
processes have been established, communicated and implemented; and 
• 
External Risk: The risk of loss due to damage to physical property or assets from natural or non-
natural causes. This category also includes the risk presented by actions of external parties, such 
as the fraud or, in the case of regulators, the execution of changes that would alter QIB's ability to 
continue operating in certain markets. This requires establishing policy updates, procedure 
implementation, complying with regulatory requirements and ensuring that systems maintenance, 
technology development methodologies are up to date. 
• 
Fraud Risk: Fraud risk is result of any unethical and/or criminal act by an individual 
(internal/External) and/or organization intended to gain personal or financial benefit illegally. QIB 
has implemented a robust Fraud Risk Management framework and designed effective anti-fraud 
controls to identify suspected fraudulently activities to mitigate fraud risk. 
• 
Business Continuity Management (BCM): BCM is a holistic management process that identifies 
potential threats to Business and the impact to its Critical Business Activities that those threats if 
realised might cause. It ensures effective implementation of Recovery Strategies & Incident Crisis 
Response that safeguards the interests of its key stakeholders, reputation, brand and value creating 
activities. The aspects pertaining to IT Systems Recovery is managed separately by the IT Division. 
The ORM has the following responsibilities: 
• 
establishing processes for the identification, assessment, mitigation, monitoring and reporting of 
operational risk that is appropriate to QIB's needs in accordance with its strategy and policy; 
• 
reviewing any new or changed activity, such as new product, process or system changes and 
conversions for operational risk evaluation prior to going live; 
• 
evaluating the adequacy of the countermeasures in terms of effectiveness in reducing the 
probability of a given operational risk to an acceptable level;

--- Page 169 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 157 - 
75-41049031 
 
• 
establishing internal control procedures in coordination with the units to address operational risk; 
• 
generating appropriate and adequate management reports to monitor assessment of exposures and 
all types of operational risks faced, assessing quality and appropriateness of risk mitigation actions, 
ensuring adequate controls and systems are in place to identify and address problems at an early 
stage; 
• 
implementing appropriate communication and distribution mechanisms to ensure that the policies 
are communicated and understood throughout QIB; and 
• 
providing guidance relating to various risk management tools, monitoring risk, handling incidents 
and preparing reports for management and the Board of Directors. 
Information Security 
• 
Information Security Department is an integral part of QIB's Risk Infrastructure focusing on 
managing the cybersecurity risks impacting QIB's IT infrastructure, data and applications. 
• 
QIB's Information Security Department has a dedicated Head of Information Security and team of 
seasoned and certified practitioners who are responsible for the following: 
• 
Managing QIB's Information Security Management Program. 
• 
Responsible for implementing defined security controls and ensuring compliance with 
QIB's approved Information Security Policies & Procedures. 
• 
Enhancing security awareness across QIB by conducting online sessions covering both 
QIB's management and staff. 
• 
Continuously review and manage cybersecurity risks. 
• 
QIB has set up robust policies and procedures well aligned with Qatar Central Bank, National 
Cyber Security Agency (NSCA) and the Ministry of Interior's regulatory requirements, industry 
standards including ISO 27001, Centre for Internet Security Standards and PCI-DSS Standards. 
Other risks to which QIB is exposed are regulatory risk, legal risk and reputational risk. Regulatory risk is 
the risk of negative impact to business activities, earnings or capital as a result of failure to comply with or 
a failure to adapt to current and changing regulations, laws, industry codes or rules, regulatory expectations, 
or ethical standards. Regulatory risk is controlled through a framework of compliance policies and 
procedures which includes a control and self-assessment exercise. Legal risk is managed through the 
effective use of internal and external legal advisers. Reputational risk is controlled through regular 
examinations of issues that are considered to have reputational repercussions for QIB, with guidelines and 
policies being issued as appropriate by the Board of Directors.

--- Page 170 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 158 - 
75-41049031 
 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
QIB enters into transactions in the ordinary course of its business with subsidiary companies, associates, 
equity holders, directors, officers of QIB and entities of which they are principal owners. These parties have 
been granted financing and have made deposits with QIB. In addition, QIB has contingent liabilities to its 
related parties. All transactions with related parties are undertaken substantially on terms that are 
comparable with those relating to QIB's transactions with its other customers. QIB's related party 
transactions as at and for the years specified are set out below: 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
Associate 
companies 
Board of 
Directors 
Associate 
companies 
Board of 
Directors 
Associate 
companies 
Board of 
Directors 
 
(QAR thousand) 
Assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross financing assets 
(excluding 
provisions) ............... 
2,879,496 
4,749,935 
3,169,957 
4,842,850 
3,427,027 
5,001,546 
Equity of unrestricted 
investment account 
holders ..................... 
519,245 
1,277,051 
353,040 
1,442,878 
376,860 
2,074,315 
Off balance sheet 
items: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contingent liabilities, 
guarantees and other 
commitments ........... 
20,246 
124,303 
125,798 
55,245 
125,463 
493,470 
Consolidated 
statement of 
income items: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financing income ........ 
137,283 
245,412 
157,719 
206,787 
180,596 
225,500 
Profit paid on deposits . 
3,056 
27,831 
3,060 
33,176 
1,647 
27,932 
Others .......................... 
803 
17,025 
1,138 
11,068 
11,820 
10,055 
 
Key management personnel compensation for the year comprised: 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
(QAR thousand) 
Key management remuneration .............................................  
81,523 
 81,380  
78,719

--- Page 171 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 159 - 
75-41049031 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following information has been derived from, and should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified 
in its entirety by reference to: (i) the 2022 Financial Statements; and (ii) the 2021 Financial Statements. 
The following table sets forth selected financial information for QIB as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2022, 2021 and 2020. The financial information has been presented in Qatari riyal, QIB's 
functional and reporting currency, and, for convenience only, in U.S. dollars using the fixed exchange rate 
of U.S.$1.00 = QAR3.64. 
 
31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
(QAR millions) 
Consolidated statement of income data 
 
 
 
Total income .......................................................................................................... 
8,968 
8,130 
7,958 
General and administrative expenses(1) ................................................................... 
1,023 
995 
996 
Depreciation and amortisation ................................................................................ 
89 
90 
95 
Net profit for the period / year attributable to equity holders of the bank ............... 
4,005 
3,555 
3,065 
Consolidated statement of financial position data 
 
 
 
Total assets ............................................................................................................. 
184,001 
193,916 
174,356 
Due from banks ...................................................................................................... 
3,188 
7,461 
6,913 
Financing assets ..................................................................................................... 
119,285 
128,409 
119,072 
Investment securities .............................................................................................. 
45,774 
44,379 
33,248 
Customers' current accounts ................................................................................... 
19,021 
16,907 
17,416 
Sukuk financing ..................................................................................................... 
12,453 
14,063 
14,059 
Equity of unrestricted investment account holders ................................................. 
103,350 
114,188 
100,728 
Due to banks .......................................................................................................... 
17,382 
19,856 
13,828 
Total equity attributable to equity holders of the bank ........................................... 
23,257 
20,736 
18,304 
 
 
31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
(USD millions) 
Consolidated statement of income data 
 
 
 
Total income .......................................................................................................... 
2,464 
2,234 
2,186 
General and administrative expenses(1) ................................................................... 
281 
273 
274 
Depreciation and amortisation ................................................................................ 
24 
25 
26 
Net profit for the period / year attributable to equity holders of the bank ............... 
1,100 
977 
842 
Consolidated statement of financial position data 
 
 
 
Total assets ............................................................................................................. 
50,550 
53,274 
47,900 
Due from banks ...................................................................................................... 
876 
2,050 
1,899 
Financing assets ..................................................................................................... 
32,771 
35,277 
32,712 
Investment securities .............................................................................................. 
12,575 
12,192 
9,134 
Customers' current accounts ................................................................................... 
5,226 
4,645 
4,785 
Sukuk financing ..................................................................................................... 
3,421 
3,863 
3,862 
Equity of unrestricted investment account holders ................................................. 
28,393 
31,370 
27,673 
Due to banks .......................................................................................................... 
4,775 
5,455 
3,799 
Total equity attributable to equity holders of the bank ........................................... 
6,389 
5,697 
5,029 
 
 
31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Profitability ratios 
 
 
 
Return on average assets (per cent.)(2) ...................................................................  
2.1 
1.9 
1.8 
Return on average total equity holders' equity (per cent.)(3) ...................................  
17.4 
17.2 
16.1 
Basic and diluted earnings per share (QAR) ..........................................................  
1.62 
1.42 
1.21 
Capital ratios 
 
 
 
Total equity holders' equity/total assets (per cent.) ................................................  
12.6 
10.7 
10.5 
Capital adequacy ratio (per cent.)(4) .......................................................................  
19.9 
18.9 
19.4 
Liquidity and business indicators 
 
 
 
Due from banks/due to banks (per cent.) ...............................................................  
18.3 
37.6 
50.0 
Liquid assets(5)/total assets (per cent.) ...................................................................  
39.4 
42.4 
50.2 
Financing(6)/total deposits(7) (per cent.) ..................................................................  
85.4 
85.1 
90.2 
Financing(6)/customers' current accounts and equity of unrestricted investment 
account holders (per cent.) .................................................................................  
97.5 
98.0 
100.8 
Customers' current accounts and equity of unrestricted investment account 
holders/total deposits(7) (per cent.) .....................................................................  
87.6 
86.8 
89.5 
Credit impaired financing assets ("NPA")(8) ..........................................................  
1,925 
2,390 
1,752 
NPA(8)/gross financing(8) (per cent.) ......................................................................  
1.5 
1.8 
1.4 
Provision for financing assets(9)/NPA(8) (per cent.) ................................................  
95.4  
76.3 
92.3 
 _______________  
(1) Includes staff costs and other expenses.

--- Page 172 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 160 - 
75-41049031 
 
(2) The return on average assets (per cent.) figures are determined by dividing net profit for the year attributable to equity holders by 
average assets for the year. Average assets is determined by adding the total assets at the beginning and at the end of the year and 
dividing by two and amounted to QAR188,958 million (U.S.$51,912 million) in December 2022, QAR184,136 million 
(U.S.$50,587 million) in December 2021 and QAR168,938 million (U.S.$46,411 million) in December 2020. 
(3) The return on average total equity holders' equity (per cent.) figures are determined by dividing net profit for the year attributable 
to equity holders less profit on sukuk eligible as additional capital by average total equity holders' equity for the year. Average 
total equity holders' equity is determined by adding the total equity holders' equity at the beginning and at the end of the year after 
reducing profit on sukuk eligible as additional capital and dividing by two and amounted to QAR21,997 million (U.S.$6,043 
million) in December 2022 and QAR19,520 million (U.S.$5,363 million) in December 2021 and QAR17,718 million (U.S.$4,868 
million) in December 2020. 
(4) The capital adequacy ratio of QIB is calculated in accordance with the Basel III guidelines and QCB instructions. 
(5) Liquid assets comprises cash and balance with central banks (excluding cash reserve with the QCB), Due from banks (less than 
one year), financing assets (less than one year) and Investment Securities (less than one year). 
(6) Financing comprises financing assets. 
(7) Total deposits comprise Customers' current accounts, Equity of unrestricted investment account holders and Due to banks. 
(8) Credit impaired financing assets comprise credit impaired financing assets net of deferred profit and gross financing represents 
total financing assets net of deferred profit. 
(9) Provision for financing assets represent impairment allowances against credit impaired financing assets and suspended profit.

--- Page 173 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 161 - 
75-41049031 
 
OVERVIEW OF QATAR 
Economic Overview 
Qatar has been one of the most resilient economies in the Middle East throughout the global pandemic, 
with real GDP contracting by only 3.6 per cent. in 2020. According to the IMF, Qatar's economy rebounded 
in 2021 and its nominal GDP and real GDP grew by 24.3 per cent. and 1.5 per cent. respectively in 2021. 
The World Bank forecasts GDP growth of 4.8 per cent. in 2022. Strong growth over many years has led to 
Qatar becoming one of the most prosperous countries in the world, with a nominal GDP per capita of 
QR237.6 thousand (U.S.$65.3 thousand) in 2021. Much of Qatar's wealth is derived from its hydrocarbon 
resources  (see "— The Economy of Qatar"). 
Qatar has focused on diversifying its economy in an effort to reduce its historical dependence on oil and 
gas revenues. The construction and real estate sectors have recently made substantial contributions to 
Qatar's economic growth, and significant investments have been made to increase economic returns from, 
in particular, petrochemicals, financial services, infrastructure development and tourism. As a result, 
nominal GDP for the non-oil and gas sector grew at a CAGR of 12.5 per cent. between 2005 and 2020. 
Nominal GDP for the non-oil and gas sector reached QR413.1 billion (U.S.$102.5 billion), or 63.2 per cent. 
of Qatar's total nominal GDP, in 2021. 
Qatar, which gained independence from the United Kingdom on 3 September 1971, was ruled by His 
Highness Sheikh Hamad Bin Khalifa Al-Thani from 27 June 1995 until 25 June 2013, on which date he 
handed power over to his fourth son, and the current Amir of Qatar, His Highness Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad 
bin Khalifa Al-Thani. During his reign, H.H. Sheikh Hamad implemented various initiatives designed to 
exploit the State's oil and gas resources in a responsible manner, thereby making rapid economic 
development and the construction of modern infrastructure possible in Qatar. During a period of rapid 
economic and social progress, Qatar has maintained its cultural and traditional values as an Arab and 
Islamic nation. 
H.H. Sheikh Hamad also instituted a number of governmental reforms, including establishing a constitution 
that formally separates power among the executive, legislative and judicial branches. Qatar has also 
reformed its legal system to bring it in line with international laws, standards and practices. There is an 
organised set of institutions within Qatar that support growth in trade and commerce, both internally and 
externally, including the QFC, the Qatar Stock Exchange ("QSE"), and regulators, namely the QCB, the 
QFMA and the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority ("QFCRA"). Qatar has strong ties with the 
West, notably the United States, which maintains a significant military presence in the country. Qatar is a 
member of, among other international organisations, the United Nations ("UN") and the World Trade 
Organisation ("WTO"). Qatar has low levels of corruption and has established the National Committee for 
Integrity and Transparency and the Administrative Control and Transparency Authority, which are each 
responsible for implementing its obligations as a member of the UN. Qatar is also a signatory to a number 
of other conventions and protocols. In addition to its memberships in international organisations, Qatar has 
hosted numerous economic, political and financial summits and conferences and, over the past several 
years, has become an important mediator in regional conflicts. 
Geography 
Qatar, which shares a land border as well as maritime boundaries with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and 
maritime boundaries with Bahrain, the UAE and Iran, extends over a relatively flat, barren peninsula 
covered with sand that is approximately 160 kilometres long, covering a total area of approximately 11,493 
square kilometres. Doha, which is located on the east coast of the Qatar peninsula, is Qatar's capital city as 
well as its commercial, financial and cultural centre. Doha is also the location of Qatar's international airport 
and main port facility. Qatar's most important industrial cities are Ras Laffan Industrial City (located to the 
north of Doha) and Mesaieed Industrial City (located to the south of Doha). 
Population 
The Planning and Statistics Authority ("PSA") estimated the total number of people in Qatar was 
2.9 million as of December 2022. This represents a 20.97 per cent. increase from the 2015 census population 
figure of 2,404,776. The 2015 census indicated that 39.8 per cent. of the total population resided in the 
capital city of Doha, with a further 25.2 per cent. residing in Al Rayyan. Non-Qatari nationals, primarily 
expatriate workers, make up a significant portion of the population in Qatar.

--- Page 174 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 162 - 
75-41049031 
 
The official language of Qatar is Arabic, although English is widely spoken. 
National Vision 
In October 2008, the State's General Secretariat for Development Planning developed and published the 
Qatar National Vision 2030 (the "National Vision"). The National Vision defines broad future trends and 
long-term objectives for Qatar, providing the framework within which national strategies and 
implementation plans can be developed. Besides establishing the foundation for developing Qatar's future 
strategies and policies, the National Vision has also helped to strengthen the coordination among 
governmental agencies and integrate planning efforts for the Government, the private sector and civic 
organisations. The four cornerstones of the National Vision are human, social, economic and environmental 
development, in the context of which the State aims to balance: (i) modernisation and the preservation of 
traditions; (ii) the needs of the current generation and the needs of future generations; (iii) managed growth 
and uncontrolled expansion; (iv) the size and quality of the expatriate labour force; and (v) economic 
growth, social development and environmental management. The National Vision is to be achieved through 
a series of medium-term plans. The first plan, referred to as the National Development Strategy (NDS 2011-
16), was released in March 2011 and in March 2018, the Second National Development Strategy (NDS 
2018-2022) was launched. The Third National Development Strategy (NDS 2023-2030) plans are awaiting 
publication. 
Foreign Relations 
Qatar has been a member of the WTO since 1996. In line with its commitment to the WTO, Qatar's policies 
are focused on the liberalisation of the economy and trade, the reduction of tariffs, as well as increasing and 
diversifying exports. In 2001, Qatar hosted the Fourth WTO Ministerial Conference, which launched the 
current round of trade negotiations known as the Doha Development Agenda. 
Qatar is also a member of numerous international and multilateral organisations, including, among others, 
the UN (where Qatar was a non-permanent member of the UN Security Council for the 2006-2007 term, 
and has served as the president of the 66th session of the UN General Assembly), the League of Arab States, 
the Organisation of The Islamic Conference, UNESCO, the Multinational Investment Guarantee Agency, 
the IMF and the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development. Qatar was also a member of 
OPEC until January 2019. 
On 23 December 2008, representatives of 11 gas-producing nations, including Qatar, Russia and Iran, 
signed an intergovernmental memorandum and charter formally establishing the Gas Exporter Countries 
Forum ("GECF") which chose Doha as the future headquarters for its permanent secretariat. The GECF 
Secretary General commenced his duties in Doha in February 2010. The GECF Liaison Office, which 
facilitates the affairs of the GECF, is also based in Doha. Apart from the regular Ministerial meetings, the 
first GECF gas summit was held in Doha in December 2011. The GECF's objectives include exchanging 
information on a broad range of issues such as new technologies, investment programmes, relations with 
natural gas consuming countries and environmental protection. 
GCC Membership 
Qatar is a member of the GCC, whose other members are Bahrain, Kuwait, the UAE, Oman and the 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. In 2003, the GCC established a customs union under which Qatar applies a 
common customs tariff of 5.0 per cent. to most products, with a limited number of exceptions. In 2005, as 
part of the GCC, Qatar joined the Istanbul Cooperation Initiative, which is a North Atlantic Treaty 
Organisation initiative to enhance regional security in the broader Middle East. 
In November 2016, GCC states executed the GCC Framework Agreement on Value Added Tax ("VAT"), 
which has already come into force in the UAE, Saudi Arabia, Oman and Bahrain and is expected to come 
into force in the other GCC states over the coming years. The tax will apply a single rate of 5.0 per cent. to 
a broad basket of goods and services, with likely exceptions including basic food items, healthcare and 
education. On 3 May 2017, the Qatari Council of Ministers approved the Qatar VAT law and its executive 
regulations which are expected to reflect the provisions of the GCC Framework Agreement. The Qatar 
VAT law and its executive regulations have not been published in the Official Gazette yet and as such they 
are not yet in force.

--- Page 175 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 163 - 
75-41049031 
 
Economic Policy 
Qatar's primary economic objective has been to create a thriving investment climate that both encourages 
domestic investment and identifies positive opportunities for outward investment. Qatar's current liquefied 
natural gas ("LNG") production capacity is 77 million tonnes per annum ("mtpa"). However, Qatar is 
currently in the process of constructing a North Field expansion (the "North Field Expansion"), consisting 
of six new LNG trains, and the project is expected to increase LNG production by 64 per cent. to 126 mtpa. 
There are two phases in relation to the North Field Expansion. The first phase, North Field East, consists 
of four new trains and is expected to increase Qatar's LNG production from 77 to 110 mtpa, with first gas 
expected in 2025. The second phase, North Field South, will add two more trains and is expected to further 
boost LNG production to 126 mtpa, with first gas expected by 2027. The North Field Expansion will make 
innovative use of both carbon capture and renewable energy to minimize carbon emissions and enhance 
sustainability. Positive spill-overs from increased hydrocarbon production are expected by QNB to combine 
with diversification efforts and structural reforms to boost economic activity and spending in the 
manufacturing and services sectors. 
Historically, Qatar's economy has been dependent on crude oil production. In the early 1990s, however, the 
State developed a multi-directional and fast-track strategy to accelerate the commercialisation of Qatar's 
substantial natural gas reserves as a means to diversify and ultimately modernise the economy. This strategy 
was implemented pursuant to a three-pronged approach, namely by developing LNG and gas-to-liquids 
("GTL") for global export, pipeline gas for regional export markets, and by utilising gas for domestic 
petrochemical production and industrial consumption. In line with this strategy, Qatar has made large-scale 
investments across the entire value chain of LNG trains, tankers, and storage and receiving facilities, 
becoming a global leader in producing and exporting LNG. 
Although Qatar is focused on ensuring optimal and sustainable development and commercialisation of the 
oil and gas sector, which continues to be the backbone of the economy, one of the cornerstones of Qatar's 
current economic policy is a commitment to diversify the overall economy so that Government revenues 
from the oil and gas sector are supplemented by an increased percentage of Government revenues from 
non-oil and gas-related activities. As set forth in the National Vision, Qatar's long-term economic objectives 
include developing its infrastructure and strengthening its private sector. In pursuit of these objectives, the 
State has increased total expenditure from QR182.5 billion (U.S.$50.1 billion) for the fiscal year ended 31 
December 2020 to QR192.1 billion (U.S.$52.8 billion) for the fiscal year end 2021, funnelling much of this 
expenditure into major construction projects such as railway, the Lusail real estate development (including 
Energy City), the Hamad International Airport, ports, roads, healthcare and education. 
Qatar is also strengthening the private sector by undertaking regulatory reforms aimed at improving Qatar's 
business climate and creating an environment that will support enterprise creation, private competition and 
foreign direct investment, including through taking steps such as liberalising the telecommunications sector 
and creating special economic zones. In addition, Qatar has sought to increase the country's attractiveness 
to foreign direct investment by implementing laws that allow more foreign participation in the domestic 
economy. For example, the Government has established the QFC, which enables global financial firms to 
operate in Qatar, although there are restrictions on such financial institutions dealing with retail customers. 
In addition, on 13 December 2018, Law No. (24) of 2018 introduced a new income tax law (the "Income 
Tax Law") replacing the previous Law No. (21) of 2009. Under the Income Tax Law (which is applicable 
outside the QFC and retains most features and provisions from the previous law), taxable income in any 
taxable year is taxed at a flat tax rate of 10.0 per cent., except for certain oil and gas companies that will 
continue to be taxed at the previous rate of 35.0 per cent. (which the new law now also applies to agreements 
relating to petrochemical industries). This is part of a broad plan to diversify the Qatari economy to reduce 
reliance on the oil and gas sector, which accounted for approximately 36.8 per cent. of total nominal GDP 
in 2021. However, Qatari companies that are 100 per cent. owned by Qataris do not pay income tax. 
In December 2018, the Excise Law No. (25) of 2018 (the "Excise Law") was introduced and came into 
effect on 1 January 2019. As at the date of this Prospectus, the Excise Law applies to tobacco, energy drinks 
and goods of a special nature (including alcohol) at the rate of 100 per cent., and to carbonated drinks at 
the rate of 50 per cent. 
In February 2019, the Foreign Investment Law No. (1) of 2019 (the "Foreign Investment Law") came into 
effect, which, in principle, removed the restriction on foreign investment to allow investments by non-
Qataris in large sectors of the Qatari economy. The Minister of Commerce and Industry has discretion to

--- Page 176 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 164 - 
75-41049031 
 
approve an investment by a non-Qatari which exceeds 49 per cent. of the share capital of a company. The 
executive regulations relating to the Foreign Investment Law provide for the conditions and procedures for 
foreign investors to apply to exceed the 49 per cent. shareholding. However, the approval of such 
application is discretionary. 
In June 2014, in its Annual Market Classification Review, MSCI Inc. upgraded Qatar from a "frontier 
market" to an "emerging market". This classification is among the criteria used by a large number of 
institutional investors and private equity funds to identify markets in which they can invest. This upgrade 
is expected to increase investment in Qatari securities with the entry of foreign institutional investors and 
passive or index-tracking investors. 
Gross Domestic Product 
Qatar's nominal GDP increased by 13.8 per cent. in 2018 and decreased by 3.8 per cent. in 2019, and 18.1 
per cent. in 2020, principally as a result of changes in oil prices which impacts the hydrocarbon sector. 
Based on preliminary estimates, the nominal GDP grew by 24.3 per cent. in 2021. 
The following table sets forth certain information about Qatar's nominal GDP by economic sector and by 
percentage contribution to total nominal GDP for each of the five years ended 31 December. 
 
Year end 31 December 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
 
Value 
% 
Value 
% 
Value 
% 
Value 
% 
Value 
% 
 
(QR in millions, except for percentages) 
Oil and gas sector 
199,405 
34.0 
260,198 
39.0 
229,322 
36.0 
152,343 
29.0 
249,950 
38.0 
Non-oil and gas sector by activity: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial and insurance activities ........  
48,339 
8.2 
49,142 
7.4 
52,015 
8.1 
53,490 
10.2 
58,785 
9.0 
Real estate activities ............................  
43,284 
7.4 
42,615 
6.4 
41,422 
6.5 
39,585 
7.5 
43,854 
6.7 
Manufacturing(2) ..................................  
47,189 
8.0 
54,972 
8.2 
53,501 
8.3 
41,586 
7.9 
52,353 
8.0 
Construction ........................................  
79,040 
13.5 
82,600 
12.4 
78,275 
12.2 
75,112 
14.3 
79,396 
12.1 
Wholesale and retail trade; repair of 
motor vehicles and motorcycles ......  
47,434 
8.1 
49,794 
7.5 
50,064 
7.8 
44,069 
8.4 
46,658 
7.1 
Transport and storage ..........................  
22,426 
3.8 
26,002 
3.9 
27,270 
4.2 
21,403 
4.1 
20,686 
3.1 
Accommodation and food service 
activities ..........................................  
5,456 
0.9 
5,409 
0.8 
5,567 
0.9 
4,739 
0.9 
5,430 
0.8 
Information and communication ..........  
9,580 
1.6 
9,618 
1.4 
9,531 
1.5 
9,566 
1.8 
10,976 
1.7 
Electricity, gas, steam and air 
conditioning supply; Water supply, 
sewerage, waste management and 
remediation activities ......................  
6,785 
1.2 
5,180 
0.8 
5,894 
0.9 
6,053 
1.2 
5,517 
0.8 
Agriculture, forestry and fisheries .......  
1,259 
0.2 
1,457 
0.2 
1,669 
0.3 
1,781 
0.3 
1,785 
0.3 
Other services(3) ...................................  
76,204 
13.0 
80,353 
12.0 
87,461 
13.6 
75,930 
14.4 
82,414 
12.5 
Total non-oil and gas sector ..............  
386,996 
66.0 
407,141 
61.0 
412,669 
64.3 
373,314 
71.0 
407,852 
62.0 
Total nominal GDP ...........................  
586,401 
100.0 
667,339 
100.0 
641,991 
100.0 
525,657 
100.0 
657,802 
100.0 
 
(1) The GDP figures are based on the latest available data from the PSA. 
(2) For purposes of calculating GDP, certain downstream activities generally associated with Qatar's oil and gas industry, such as the 
production and export of gas to liquids, petrochemicals, fertilisers, steel, aluminium, iron and metal coating, are included in the 
manufacturing sector as part of the non-oil and gas sector. 
(3) Includes professional, scientific and technical activities; Administrative support service activities, public administration; 
compulsory social security, education, human health and social work activities, arts, entertainment and recreation; other service 
activities, activities of households as employers; undifferentiated goods and services producing activities of households for own 
use, financial services indirectly measured and import duties. 
 
Source: PSA 
The Economy of Qatar 
Qatar is one of the most prosperous countries in the world, with a nominal GDP per capita of QR237.6 
thousand (U.S.$.65.3 thousand) in 2021 from QR185.5 thousand (U.S.$51.0 thousand) in 2020. Much of 
Qatar's wealth is derived from its hydrocarbon resources. According to the U.S. Energy Information 
Administration, Qatar's proven reserves of crude oil amounted to approximately 25 billion barrels 
(including condensate) and approximately 843 trillion standard cubic feet of proven reserves of natural gas. 
According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration, Qatar had the third largest natural gas deposits 
after Iran and Russia. Qatar has more than 100 years of proven gas reserves at current production levels, 
according to QatarEnergy ("QE"). As at year end 2021, Qatar's crude oil and condensation production 
amounted to approximately 1,310,000 barrels a day, according to BP's "Statistical Review" of World 
Energy 2022, which represents a 2.2 per cent. growth rate from 2020.

--- Page 177 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 165 - 
75-41049031 
 
In the early 1990s, Qatar developed a multi-directional and fast-track strategy to accelerate the 
commercialisation of its substantial natural gas reserves as a means to diversify and ultimately modernise 
Qatar's economy. In line with this strategy, Qatar has made large-scale investments across the entire value 
chain of LNG, including liquefaction trains, tankers, and storage and regasification facilities abroad. Qatar 
has been the world's leading LNG exporter since 2006. Qatar continues to be the leading global LNG 
exporter accounting for 20.7 per cent. of overall global LNG trade in 2021, according to BP. Through its 
flagship Qatargas and RasGas LNG projects, Qatar has developed its LNG business through strategic 
partnerships with a number of the world's leading oil and gas companies, including ExxonMobil, Shell, 
Total and ConocoPhillips. By investing across the entire LNG value chain, Qatar now enjoys meaningful 
cost advantages in the gas sector due to significant economies of scale and a low-cost structure. Qatar also 
has a good central geographic location for global shipping to all major gas consuming regions of the world 
and, based on contractual commitments, Qatari LNG is expected to be sold globally to customers in various 
regions, including Central and South America (Mexico and Argentina), Northwest Europe (the United 
Kingdom and Belgium), Western Europe (Italy, France and Spain), South Asia (India), East Asia (China, 
Malaysia, Thailand, South Korea, Japan and Taiwan) and the Middle East (UAE). Most of the LNG 
produced by Qatar's upstream ventures is sold under long-term take-or-pay agreements that provide 
certainty of volume offtake. 
The decision to increase LNG output by 64 per cent. from 77m tpa to approximately 126m tpa by 2027 
(Oxford Business Group) will help fuel Qatar's next phase of development. This increase in capacity will 
require substantial investments both onshore and offshore including the construction of six new LNG trains 
to process the gas. These new investments are expected to generate substantial multiplier effects on the 
wider economy, increasing demand for goods and services and driving the country's development in line 
with the Qatar National Vision 2030. 
Qatar has also focused on developing and exploiting its natural gas resource base prudently beyond the 
LNG industry, implementing a downstream strategy driven by opportunities to add value to existing oil and 
gas production as well as the requirements of the domestic economy. Qatar Petroleum (now QE) has 
developed pipeline gas both for regional export markets and for domestic petrochemicals and industrial 
consumption. In addition, QE is the majority shareholder in a number of industrial companies located 
primarily at Mesaieed Industrial City, which use natural gas as feedstock and/or fuel to produce various 
value-added products, such as petrochemicals and fertiliser, steel, iron, aluminium and metal coating, both 
for domestic consumption and for export. 
In years where Qatar has experienced a budget surplus, Qatar has used its budget surpluses to diversify the 
economy through increased spending on infrastructure, social programmes, healthcare and education, 
which have modernised Qatar's economy. Qatar's economic growth has also enabled it to diversify its 
economy through domestic and international investment into different classes of assets. In 2005, the State 
established the Qatar Investment Authority ("QIA") to propose and implement investments for Qatar's 
growing financial reserves, both domestically and abroad. The aim of the QIA is to strengthen the nation's 
economy through the diversification of asset classes across a wide range of geographies. Through the QIA, 
Qatar has made investments in private equity, the banking sector, real estate, publicly traded securities and 
alternative assets. With its growing portfolio of international and domestic long-term strategic investments, 
the QIA has continued to develop Qatar's economic diversification strategy while contributing to the 
nation's significant economic expansion. Qatar incurred budget deficits in 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2020 and 
turned to deficit financing, including the issuance of bonds, as a way of continuing its investments in its 
economy. Such deficits reflected Qatar's continued commitment to capital expenditure with respect to 
ongoing infrastructure projects combined with conservative oil prices. Qatar's budget was in surplus in 
2019 and 2021. 
As a response to the 2008-2009 global financial crisis and as a supportive measure to preserve the general 
stability in Qatar's banking sector, Qatar has provided financial support to its financial sector. During the 
first quarter of 2009 and in 2010 and 2011, the QIA began making direct capital injections into Qatar's 
commercial banking sector through the planned purchase in equity of ownership interests of up to 20.0 per 
cent. in all domestic banks listed on the QSE. In addition, on 9 March 2009, the Government declared that 
in order to further support Qatar's banking sector, the State would purchase a portion of the investment 
portfolios of seven of the nine domestic banks listed on the QSE. These purchases were completed on 22 
March 2009 at a total purchase price of approximately QR6.5 billion (U.S.$1.8 billion). In an effort to 
further boost liquidity and encourage lending, in early September 2009, the State offered to buy a portion 
of the real estate portfolios and investments of nine domestic commercial banks at a sale price equivalent 
to the net book value of such portfolios and investments with a total ceiling amount of QR15.5 billion

--- Page 178 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 166 - 
75-41049031 
 
(U.S.$4.3 billion). A previous diplomatic rift between Qatar and several countries in the region, was 
addressed in the Al-Ula Declaration, signed during the 41st Summit of the Cooperation Council for the Arab 
States of the Gulf in early January 2021. As a result, regional travel, trade and investment flows can start 
to normalise, improving business conditions across the region. 
Oil and Gas Sector 
QE, which is wholly-owned by the State and represents the State's primary source of revenues, is 
responsible for all phases of the oil and gas industry in Qatar. The principal activities of QE and its 
subsidiaries and joint ventures cover exploration, drilling and production, storage and transport, and the 
marketing and sale of crude oil, condensates, pipeline gas, LNG, petrochemicals, GTL, steel, fertilisers and 
other products and services. QE conducts its operations and activities at various onshore and offshore 
locations, while certain hydrocarbon exploration activities and new projects are conducted under 
Production Sharing Agreements with international oil and gas companies. QE's downstream strategy is 
driven by opportunities to add value to existing oil and gas production as well as the requirements of the 
domestic economy. QE is also the majority shareholder in a number of industrial companies located 
primarily at Mesaieed Industrial City, which use natural gas as feedstock and/or fuel to produce various 
value-added products, such as petrochemicals, fertilisers and steel, both for domestic consumption and 
export. Although oil-related activities currently account for a significant portion of QE's revenues and net 
cash flows, the State expects that the contribution of non-oil revenues to QE's net cash flow will steadily 
increase relative to other sources of income, with the State deriving a majority of its oil and gas revenue 
from the sale of LNG and other natural gas in 2011 as a result of its investment in the commercialisation of 
Qatar's substantial natural gas reserves. Crude oil and refined products sales, however, continue to remain 
significant. 
QE's strategy is to continue to contribute to the diversification of Qatar's economy and the State's assets by 
leveraging QE's experience along with the State's vast hydrocarbon wealth, to generate long-term returns 
on investment in the international oil and gas industry. In line with this strategy, QE has invested outside 
Qatar in the oil and gas industry in foreign markets and has explored and evaluated various investment and 
acquisition opportunities that would further optimise the operations of QE as well as maximise the value of 
Qatar's hydrocarbon resources, including by expanding into downstream activities in the natural gas sector, 
so that the State has greater involvement and ownership in the entire LNG value chain. 
Non-Oil and Gas Sector 
In recent years, Qatar has invested heavily in diversifying its economy to reduce its historically high 
dependence on oil and gas revenues. The non-oil and gas sector of Qatar now contributes significantly to 
the overall economy of the State, contributing 63.2 per cent. of total nominal GDP in 2021, as compared 
to 40.4 per cent. in 2005. In the coming years, the absolute value of the non-oil and gas sector is expected 
to continue to grow along with the overall economy of Qatar. The relative contribution of the non-oil and 
gas sector to total nominal GDP as compared to the oil and gas sector has fluctuated in recent years largely 
due to volatile commodity prices. Within the non-oil and gas sector, the finance, business services, 
insurance, construction and real estate sectors made the largest contribution to total nominal GDP in 2021, 
as has been the case since 2006. 
The following table sets forth the nominal and percentage contribution of the non-oil and gas sector to 
Qatar's total nominal GDP from 2017 to 2021. 
 
Year end 31 December 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
 
 
Value 
% 
Value 
% 
Value 
% 
Value 
% 
Value 
% 
 
(QR in millions, except for percentages) 
Non-oil and gas 
sector ......  
386,996 
66.0 
407,141 
61.0 
412,669 
64.3 
373,314 
71.0 
407,852 
62.0 
Source: QCB 
Qatar's Public Finance 
General 
Qatar experienced significant revenue growth and large budget surpluses from 2000 until 2014, driven 
primarily by the rapid development of its hydrocarbon sector. As a result of the lower oil prices then 
prevailing, Qatar experienced lower revenue and a budget deficit in 2017 but had a surplus in 2018 and

--- Page 179 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 167 - 
75-41049031 
 
2019 before returning to a deficit again in 2020 and a surplus again in 2021. Government revenues stood at 
QR172.0 billion (U.S.$47.3 billion) at the end of 2020 and at QR193.7 billion (U.S.$53.2 billion) at the 
end of 2021. For the year ended 31 December 2021, there was an overall surplus of QR1.6 billion (U.S.$0.4 
billion), or 0.2 per cent. of GDP, as a result of higher global oil prices. 
The Government's primary sources of budget revenues are oil and gas-related revenues generated by QE's 
activities. In 2021, this accounted for 80.7 per cent. of the total revenues, up from 78.0 per cent. in the 
previous year. The Government's budget is formulated using a conservative estimate of the oil price per 
barrel for the relevant fiscal year: U.S.$ 45 for the budget for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2017; 
U.S.$45 for the budget for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2018; U.S.$55 for the budget for the fiscal 
year ended 31 December 2019; U.S.$55 for the budget for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2020; and 
U.S.$40 for the budget for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2021 and U.S.$55 for the budget for the fiscal 
year ended 31 December 2022. The Ministry of Finance receives royalties and tax revenue on export sales 
of crude oil, refined products and gas products, including LNG and downstream products from QE and its 
joint venture partners. In addition to such export sale receipts, the Government receives a significant portion 
of QE's net income as miscellaneous transferables. The Government has other revenue sources including 
customs duties, taxes on the operations of foreign owned businesses and charges for certain services 
provided by the Government. 
The principal items of Government expenditure are the development of Qatar's infrastructure, the wages 
and salaries of Government employees and principal and interest payments in respect of Government 
indebtedness (both internal and external). Other items of Government expenditure include the provision of 
social services such as healthcare, education and the pensions of former Government employees, as well as 
utilities, such as water, electricity and telephone services. In recent years, the Government has increased 
aggregate expenditures substantially as the Government has invested in the development of Qatar's physical 
infrastructure to meet the needs of its growing population and to develop Qatar into a trade centre and 
leading LNG exporter. Expenditure growth has been characterised by gradual year-on-year growth at a 
CAGR of 10.2 per cent. between the fiscal year ended 31 March 2001 and the fiscal year ended 31 March 
2004 and more significant year-on-year growth at a CAGR of 33.5 per cent. between the fiscal year ended 
31 March 2004 and the fiscal year ended 31 March 2008, as Qatar's larger infrastructure projects have 
moved from the planning phase to the development and construction phases. Qatar's expenditure grew at a 
CAGR of 6.4 per cent. from the fiscal year ended 31 March 2008 to 31 December 2021, as the total 
expenditure increased to QR192.1 billion (U.S.$52.8 billion) from QR86.2 billion (U.S.$23.7 billion) in 
the fiscal year ended 31 March 2008. 
Budget Policy and Process 
The State budget plays a central role in Qatar's economy and is a key tool in achieving the Government's 
economic development goals. Fiscal policy is considered to be the core of the State's general economic 
policy, which aims to utilise fully Qatar's economic resources to raise the standard of living in Qatar and to 
achieve sustainable development through cooperation between the private and public sectors. 
Governmental expenditure is considered by the Government to be a primary stimulant of economic activity, 
and consequently a facilitator of economic growth in Qatar. 
Until 31 March 2015, the Government operated under a fiscal year running from 1 April to 31 March. From 
1 January 2016, the Government changed to a calendar year budget (1 January to 31 December). Therefore, 
the Government operated under a shortened nine-month fiscal period from 1 April 2015 to 31 December 
2015, and has issued budgets for full calendar years since then. Each year, the Budget Department of the 
Ministry of Finance supervises the preparation of ministerial and agency budgets for the following fiscal 
year. After approval by the Minister of Finance, the consolidated budget is submitted to the Council of 
Ministers for its approval (normally by 1 December in advance of the fiscal year, which commences on 1 
January). The budget for capital projects is sent to the Advisory Council for discussion, and the Advisory 
Council submits its recommendations to the Council of Ministers for approval. Thereafter, the budget is 
submitted to the Amir for his approval and, if approved, a decree implementing the budget is issued. 
Along with the release of the budget, the Ministry of Finance publishes a circular regarding the preparation 
of the State's budget. The circular provides that the financial policy of the State focuses on achieving the 
highest value for money possible for the State's budgetary resources, ensuring appropriate allocation of 
resources to enable timely execution of projects, including infrastructure and public services projects, 
improving efficiency and cost savings in connection with government-related services, and stimulating

--- Page 180 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 168 - 
75-41049031 
 
private sector economic activity to increase growth and expand employment opportunities for Qatari 
nationals. 
The following table sets forth the actual revenues, expenditure and overall surplus of the Government for 
the fiscal years ended 31 December 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021. 
 
Fiscal year ended 31 December 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
 
(QR in millions) 
Revenue: 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil, gas and investment revenues ........................................... 
128,286 
173,126 
170,667 
134,080 
156,342 
Miscellaneous transferables.................................................... 
30,284 
34,786 
44,763 
37,895 
37,384 
Total revenue ........................................................................ 
203,265 
207,912 
215,430 
171,975 
193,726 
Expenditure: 
 
 
 
 
 
Wages and salaries ................................................................. 
53,121 
55,688 
61,439 
57,997 
58,730 
Current expenditure ................................................................ 
60,152 
55,467 
62,667 
57,925 
60,905 
Secondary capital ................................................................... 
3,913 
3,840 
4,093 
3,510 
3,528 
Major projects ........................................................................ 
86,079 
77,840 
80,220 
63,022 
68,972 
Total expenditure ................................................................. 
203,265 
192,835 
208,418 
182,454 
192,135 
Surplus or Deficit ................................................................. 
(44,695) 
15,077 
7,012 
(10,479) 
1,591 
 _______________  
Source: Ministry of Finance and QCB citing the Ministry of Finance 
Qatar's Indebtedness 
Qatar's total outstanding indebtedness as at 31 December 2020 was QR381.7 billion (U.S.$104.9 billion), 
with internal indebtedness of QR152.8 billion (U.S.$42.0 billion) or 28.7 per cent. of total indebtedness, 
and external indebtedness of QR228.9 billion (U.S.$62.9 billion), or 43.0 per cent. of total indebtedness. 
Total indebtedness as at 31 December 2020 constituted 71.6 per cent. of Qatar's total nominal GDP in 2020. 
A decision of the Council of Ministers, No. (17) of 2008 (as amended) established the State Finance Policy 
Committee, which comprises senior government officials, including the Minister of Finance as chairman, 
a representative of QCB as deputy chairman, and representatives of the QIA and QP. Under its mandate, 
the State Finance Policy Committee (a) provides guidance to all government-related entities that seek to 
access the international capital markets and (b) coordinates debt offerings by Qatari issuers in order to 
increase liquidity and optimise borrowing costs for Qatari borrowers. 
A decision of the Council of Ministers, No. (17) of 2008 (as amended) established the State Finance Policy 
Committee, which comprises senior government officials, including the Minister of Finance as chairman, 
a representative of QCB as deputy chairman, and representatives of the QIA and QE. Under its mandate, 
the State Finance Policy Committee (a) provides guidance to all government-related entities that seek to 
access the international capital markets and (b) coordinates debt offerings by Qatari issuers in order to 
increase liquidity and optimise borrowing costs for Qatari borrowers. 
The following table sets forth the Government's direct indebtedness as at 31 December 2017, 2018, 2019 
and 2020. 
 
As at 31 December(1) 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
 
(U.S.$ in millions, except for percentages) 
Total internal indebtedness(2).......................................................  
51,669 
50,515 
47,601 
41,978 
% of nominal GDP .........................................................................  
31.0% 
26.4% 
25.9% 
28.7% 
Total external indebtedness(3)(4) ...................................................  
31,386 
45,102 
61,869 
62,885 
% of nominal GDP .........................................................................  
18.8% 
23.6% 
33.7% 
43.0% 
Total indebtedness ........................................................................  
83,055 
95,617 
109,470 
104,863 
Total nominal GDP(2) ...................................................................  
166,929 
191,362 
183,466 
146,401(4) 
% of nominal GDP .........................................................................  
49.8% 
50.0% 
59.7% 
71.6% 
 _______________  
(1) Numbers presented on a calendar year basis. 
(2) Internal indebtedness means direct indebtedness of the Government incurred inside Qatar (excluding guarantees by the 
Government and short-term T-bills), regardless of the currency of denomination. 
(3) External indebtedness means direct indebtedness of the Government incurred by the Government outside Qatar (excluding 
guarantees by the Government), regardless of the currency of denomination. In relation to any euro-denominated indebtedness, 
indebtedness is in U.S. dollars using a Euro/U.S. dollar conversion rate of €1.00:U.S.$1.12. 
(4) Planning and Statistics Authority preliminary data. 
Source: Ministry of Finance

--- Page 181 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 169 - 
75-41049031 
 
Qatar has never defaulted on any payment of principal, premium or interest on any of its internal or external 
indebtedness. In April 2022, Fitch affirmed Qatar's long term default rating and short term default rating at 
AA- and F1+ respectively, citing its large sovereign net foreign assets, one of the world's highest ratios of 
GDP per capita, a flexible public finance structure and a favourable outlook for debt reduction. In 
November 2022, Moody's changed the outlook on the Government to positive from stable and affirmed its 
long-term issuer and foreign currency senior unsecured debt ratings at Aa3. S&P upgraded Qatar's long-
term sovereign credit rating to "AA/Stable" from "AA-" citing improvements in the Government's fiscal 
position. Qatar's short-term rating remains at A-1+. 
Monetary and Financial System of Qatar 
The QCB, the QFCRA and the QFMA are the three regulatory authorities tasked with regulating and 
supervising the monetary, banking and financial system, and the capital markets in Qatar. The Government 
issued a new Banking Law (Law No. (13) of 2012) which is aimed at advancing the framework for financial 
regulation in Qatar and expanding the ambit of regulation to cover areas requiring new and enhanced 
financial regulation. It also lays the foundation for increased cooperation between the regulatory bodies in 
Qatar. The Banking Law, among other matters, mandates the QCB to act as the competent supreme 
authority in framing the policies for the regulation and supervision of all financial services and markets in 
Qatar, including the insurance sector which was previously regulated by the Ministry of Commerce and 
Industry. 
The QCB formulates and implements monetary and exchange rate policies and is entrusted with the 
supervision of the banking system and non-bank financial institutions (including insurance companies). Its 
objectives include maintaining the stability of the riyal and its free convertibility to other currencies, the 
stability of commodity and service prices and the stability of the financial and banking system in Qatar. 
The QCB also acts as the primary supervisory authority and regulator for Qatar's commercial banks, and 
issues licences and consents to banking and financial services companies operating in Qatar. The QFCRA 
is an independent statutory body of the QFC that licenses and supervises banking, financial and insurance-
related businesses that provide financial and advisory services in or from the QFC. The QFMA is the 
independent regulatory authority for Qatar's capital markets that regulates and supervises the QSE along 
with the securities industry and associated activities. 
Qatar Central Bank 
 
 _______________  
Source: QCB 
The QCB was established as an independent organisation in 1993 and operates in coordination with the 
Ministry of Finance, which currently has one of five seats on the board of directors. The QCB is tasked 
with maintaining both monetary and financial stability. Monetary stability refers to stable prices and 
currency, while financial stability refers mainly to supervision, support and development of the financial 
sector. The QCB is managed by a board of directors, which is chaired by its Governor. The board of

--- Page 182 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 170 - 
75-41049031 
 
directors includes the Deputy Governor of the QCB and at least three other members, including a 
representative from the Ministry of Finance and a representative from the Ministry of Commerce and 
Industry. See "Banking Industry and Regulation in Qatar". The diagram above outlines the organisational 
structure of the QCB. 
Qatar Financial Centre 
The QFC is a financial and business centre established by the Government in 2005 with a view to attracting 
international financial services institutions and multinational corporations to Doha in order to grow and 
develop the market for financial services in the region. Unlike other financial centres in the region, the QFC 
is an onshore financial and business environment. 
The QFC comprises four primary bodies: the QFC Authority ("QFCA"), the QFCRA, the QFC Civil and 
Commercial Court and the QFC Tribunal. The QFCA determines the commercial strategy of the QFC, 
while the QFCRA regulates, authorises, supervises and, when necessary, disciplines banking, securities, 
insurance and other financial businesses carried on in or from the QFC. The QFCRA also registers and 
supervises the directors and other designated officers of the businesses authorised by it. The QFCRA 
regulatory approach is modelled closely on that of the UK's Financial Conduct Authority. The QFC Civil 
and Commercial Court has jurisdiction over disputes arising within the QFC, and the QFC Tribunal hears 
appeals against decisions of the QFCRA. The QFCRA, the Court and the Tribunal are all statutory 
independent bodies reporting to the Council of Ministers. 
Firms operating under the QFC umbrella fall into two categories: those providing financial services, which 
are regulated activities and those engaged in non-regulated activities. 
Monetary Policy 
Currently, Qatar's monetary policy is formulated by the QCB to, among other things, regulate interest rates, 
maintain the stability of the riyal, and control inflation. See "Banking Industry and Regulation in Qatar —
Interest Rates" and "Inflation". While the QCB operates in coordination with the Ministry of Finance, it is 
independent from political interference in its management of monetary policy. 
General Tax Authority 
Qatar has established the General Tax Authority (the "GTA"), which is in charge of implementing all tax 
laws and improving tax compliance in the country. The GTA was established as a separate entity, under the 
supervision of the Ministry of Finance, and its establishment is in line with Qatar's plans to reduce the 
country's dependence on hydrocarbon resources. 
The law establishing the GTA mandates the authority to implement all tax laws, establish all related bylaws, 
procedures and instructions and be responsible for their implementation, review and assess tax return forms 
and collect taxes from subject entities. It also mandates the GTA to represent the State of Qatar in relevant 
international and regional organisations and at international conferences and events and sign tax agreements 
with other countries to encourage economic cooperation and joint investments.

--- Page 183 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 171 - 
75-41049031 
 
BANKING INDUSTRY AND REGULATION IN QATAR 
Qatar Central Bank 
In its supervisory capacity, the QCB oversees the activities of Qatar's commercial banks (both conventional 
and Islamic banks), non-bank financial institutions (including insurance companies) with a view to 
minimising banking and financial risk in Qatar's financial sector. The QCB conducts regular inspections of 
commercial banks and non-bank financial institutions and reviews reports and other mandatory data 
submitted by commercial banks, including monthly capital adequacy compliance reports. 
The QCB has implemented regulations regarding non-performing loans, large exposures, country risk, 
money market and foreign exchange accounts, credit ratios, fixed assets for banks' use, reserve requirements 
and banks' investments. The QCB has the authority to impose penalties in the event that banks fail to comply 
with these regulations. The QCB requires commercial banks to maintain a minimum reserve requirement 
of 4.50 per cent. and a capital adequacy requirement of 16.0 per cent. (including the capital conservation 
buffer, the highest applicable DSIB buffer and the ICAAP capital charge of 1.0 per cent.) in line with the 
"well-capitalised" level in the Basel III guidelines and above the guidelines minimum recommended level 
of 10.0 per cent. (excluding the capital conservation buffer). The QCB also requires each commercial bank 
to maintain a risk reserve balance of not less than 2.5 per cent. of the total amount of direct credit facilities 
provided by the bank and its subsidiaries as determined at the end of each year. Certain provisions and 
credit provided to the Ministry of Finance and credit secured by cash collateral are excluded from the 
calculation of the total amount of direct credit facilities for the purposes of determining the minimum risk 
reserve balance. A bank may not use any portion of its risk reserve amount without the prior approval of 
the QCB. Commercial banks are also required to have their annual accounts audited by the QCB's approved 
independent auditors and to obtain prior approval from the QCB to appoint senior management. 
In January 2014, the QCB issued a circular to all commercial banks in Qatar (No. AR/2/2014) with 
instructions regarding the implementation of the QCB's Basel III requirements. The QCB's minimum 
recommended capital adequacy requirements under Basel III are currently 16.0 per cent. (including a capital 
conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent.). Furthermore, banks identified as DSIBs are subject to an additional 
buffer, as determined by the QCB for each identified DSIB. 
The QCB also imposes certain exposure limits and credit controls on commercial banks. No more than 20.0 
per cent. of any bank's capital and reserves may be extended to a single customer's customer group in the 
form of credit facilities and no more than 25.0 per cent. of any commercial bank's capital and reserves may 
be extended to a single customer's group in the form of credit or investment facilities. Additionally, no 
customer and their customer group may borrow more than QR8.0 billion (U.S.$2.2 billion) in aggregate 
from Qatar's commercial banks. Credit facilities extended to a single major shareholder's customer group 
in any bank cannot exceed 10.0 per cent. of that bank's capital and reserves. Credit facilities granted to a 
single country in the form of loans to customers or the government must not exceed 20.0 to 150.0 per cent. 
of banks' capital and reserves depending on the category of country. The maximum real estate finance that 
can be granted to all customers should not exceed 150.0 per cent. of the bank's capital and reserves. In April 
2011, the QCB introduced maximum limits for individual consumer loans secured against salaries. Qatari 
nationals are not permitted to borrow more than QR2.0 million (U.S.$549,450) with a maximum repayment 
period of six years. Expatriates are not permitted to borrow more than QR0.4 million (U.S.$109,890) with 
a maximum repayment period of four years. In relation to real estate finance made available to individuals 
against their salary, the total real estate finance must not exceed 70.0 per cent. of the value of the mortgaged 
property. The maximum period permitted for repayment of the real estate finance is 20 years, including any 
grace period. The QCB regulations dictate that the maximum salary deductions, including instalments and 
other liabilities, is capped at 75 per cent. of the basic salary and social allowance for Qatari citizens, and 
capped at 50 per cent. of total salary for non-Qatari residents, provided that the salary and post retirement 
service dues are transferred to the bank offering the finance. In relation to financing provided to other types 
of borrowers, the finance must not exceed 60.0 per cent. of the value of the mortgaged property and that 
the maximum repayment period of that real estate finance is 15 years, including any grace period. QCB 
regulations also provide that these maximum limits may be increased to 70 per cent. and that the maximum 
period permitted for repayment be extended to 20 years, if cash is regularly transferred to the bank through 
a formal assignment of claims to cover the full instalment during the repayment period, including rents and 
other contractual incomes and revenues.

--- Page 184 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 172 - 
75-41049031 
 
In 2010, the QCB also began the process of establishing the Qatar Credit Bureau in order to collect and 
make available consumer credit information to commercial banks. The Qatar Credit Bureau began 
operations in March 2011. 
The QCB initiated single-factor stress testing of the portfolios of commercial banks in Qatar in 2010. The 
testing covers the broad areas of liquidity risk, credit risk, interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk and equity 
market risk. The results of these stress tests illustrate the possible impact of adverse financial conditions on 
a commercial banks' capital adequacy ratio or return on assets. Stress testing of commercial banks, on an 
aggregate basis, conducted by the QCB based on data for March 2010, suggested that neither the capital 
adequacy ratio nor the returns on assets of Qatar's commercial banks were significantly impaired. 
In its Article IV Country Report for Qatar published in June 2022, the IMF concluded that "the banking 
sector remains healthy, vulnerabilities could surface during the exit [of pandemic support measures] 
calling for continued diligence in supervision". Some of these pandemic support measures were "the 
National Guarantee Program for SME loans", "zero-interest repo facilities" and "fiscal measures to 
support the private sector (e.g., rental support to SMEs, refund of custom fees on medical equipment, and 
electricity and water payments for private firms)". Banks in Qatar remain well-capitalised and liquid, but 
financial risks have risen. "The banking sector's reliance on foreign funding increased to 39 per cent. of 
total liabilities (110 per cent. of GDP) by the end of 2021, but with prudential measures in place, it declined 
recently." 
The QCB also issues domestic currency and conducts bank clearing operations and settlements. The 
investment department of the QCB manages the investments of the QCB's financial reserves that are 
primarily in the form of securities issued or guaranteed by other governments with maturities of up to 10 
years. These investments are maintained at a level at least equal to 100.0 per cent. of the riyals issued by 
the QCB at any time. 
The QCB directive to close the Islamic branches of conventional banks was made with the aim of bringing 
in enhanced supervision, more financial stability, and also enhancing monetary policy tools for Islamic 
banks. 
The following table sets forth the QCB's balance sheet data as at 31 December 2016 to 2021. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
 
(QR in millions, except as otherwise noted) 
Assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Foreign assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gold .................................................. 
3,986.7 
4,528.1 
4,675.5 
7,485.8 
12,572.4 
12,047.2 
Foreign securities .............................. 
72,307.1 
14,166.8 
54,818.0 
80,266.8 
89,793.9 
109,401.4 
Balances with foreign banks .............. 
37,506.5 
33,793.6 
49,061.5 
54,652.7 
44,290.0 
26,135.6 
IMF reserve position ......................... 
0.0 
0.0 
553.1 
511.2 
532.4 
517.4 
SDR holdings .................................... 
1,331.6 
1,414.8 
1,387.4 
1,387.1 
1,447.5 
5,001.5 
AMF Share ........................................ 
337.6 
357.7 
349.3 
347.3 
361.7 
351.5 
Total foreign assets .......................... 
115,469.5 
54,261.0 
110,844.8 
144,651.0 
148,998.0 
153,454.6 
Balances with local banks ................. 
44,567.2 
110,460.7 
80,193.6 
65,310.7 
76,845.1 
74,928.3 
Other assets ....................................... 
21,412.8 
23,684.7 
41,988.5 
23,174.4 
38,358.7 
46,490.3 
Total assets ....................................... 
181,449.5 
188,406.4 
233,026.9 
233,136.0 
264,202.0 
274,932.5 
Liabilities: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reserve money:(1) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Currency issued ................................. 
16,184.1 
16,539.5 
16,215.7 
16,404.3 
26,271.4 
24,590.2 
Required reserves .............................. 
33,022.4 
35,953.8 
36,041.9 
37,448.0 
40,268.4 
43,611.5 
Deposits of local banks ..................... 
5,781.3 
10,278.0 
30,608.8 
18,205.0 
34,676.4 
38,303.5 
Total reserve money ........................ 
54,987.7 
62,771.3 
82,866.4 
72,057.4 
101,216.2 
106,505.2 
Government deposits ......................... 
1,312.0 
312.0 
670.6 
349.1 
1,001.6 
1,060.2 
Capital and reserves .......................... 
51,762.2 
52,031.5 
143,246.0 
147,311.2 
149,892.2 
151,951.5 
Revaluation account .......................... 
0.0 
3,655.0 
1,398.5 
2,414.2 
7,318.4 
7,159.1 
Other liabilities .................................. 
73,387.5 
69,636.6 
4,854.4 
11,004.1 
4,773.6 
8,256.4 
Total liabilities(2) .............................. 
181,449.5 
188,406.4 
233,026.9 
233,136.0 
264,202.0 
274,932.5 
 _______________  
(1) 
Reserve requirements were QR33.0 billion (U.S.$9.1 billion), QR36.0 billion (U.S.$9.9 billion), QR36 billion (U.S.$9.9 billion) 
QR37.4 billion (U.S.$10.3 billion), QR40.3 billion (U.S.$11.1 billion) and QR43.6 billion (U.S.$12.0 billion) as at 31 December 
2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021 respectively.

--- Page 185 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 173 - 
75-41049031 
 
(2) 
Total liabilities is equal to the sum of Total Reserve Money, Government Deposits, Capital Accounts, Reserve Revaluation and 
Other Liabilities. 
Source: QCB 
Interest Rates 
Prior to 2000, the QCB imposed certain ceilings on the credit and deposit interest rates offered by 
commercial banks. The QCB removed these restrictions in order to further liberalise the financial sector. 
However, in April 2011 the QCB introduced a cap on interest rates that can be charged on personal loans 
of 1.5 per cent. over its benchmark lending rate and 1.0 per cent. per month for credit cards. Otherwise, 
Qatar's banking system is free from any form of interest rate ceilings. 
The QCB utilises three different interest rates: a lending rate, a deposit rate and a reverse repo rate. The 
lending rate is used for the lending facility through which commercial banks can obtain liquidity from the 
QCB. The deposit rate is used for the deposit facility through which commercial banks can place deposits 
with the QCB. Both of these facilities may be rolled over to the next day, when transactions are executed 
electronically. The reverse repo rate is a pre-determined interest rate set by the QCB for reverse repo 
transactions entered into between the QCB and commercial banks. The overnight liquidity facility rate is 
used for overnight lending by the QCB to commercial banks. 
Prior to July 2007, the QCB closely tracked the interest rates of the U.S. Federal Reserve Bank as the Qatari 
riyal is pegged to the U.S. dollar. However, the QCB did not deem it necessary to reduce interest rates to 
the same extent, or as quickly, as the U.S. Federal Reserve Bank on the last several occasions that the latter 
has reduced its interest rates. Since December 2016, the QCB has again begun closely tracking the interest 
rates of the U.S. Federal Reserve Bank. On 16 March 2020, taking into account the enduring domestic and 
international macroeconomic developments triggered by the COVID-19 outbreak, the QCB reduced the 
interest rates and as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the QCB overnight deposit rate is 5.0 per cent., its 
overnight lending rate is 5.5 per cent. and its repo rate is 5.25 per cent, reflecting the global trend of rising 
interest rates. 
Currency 
The Qatari riyal has been fixed to the U.S. dollar at a rate of QR3.64 per U.S. dollar since 1980. It is one 
of the QCB's objectives to keep the riyal stable against the U.S. dollar. As the riyal is pegged to the U.S. 
dollar, the exchange rate of the riyal against other major currencies fluctuates in line with the movements 
of the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar against such currencies. The IMF's June 2022 Article IV report 
emphasised that, "the peg [to the U.S. dollar] has provided a credible nominal anchor." 
Inflation 
CPI inflation in Qatar increased by 2.7 per cent. in 2016, 0.4 per cent. in 2017 and 0.1 per cent. in 2018 and 
decreased by 0.9 per cent. in 2019 and 2.6 per cent. in 2020 and increased by 2.2 per cent. in 2021. 
Housing, water, electricity and gas fell by 3.0 per cent. in 2017, by 4.2 per cent. in 2018, 3.0 per cent. in 
2019, 5.0 per cent, in 2020 and 5.0 per cent. in 2021. 
The QCB uses various monetary instruments to address price stability. The required reserve ratio for 
commercial banks was increased by two percentage points to 4.75 per cent. in 2008 in an effort to absorb 
excess liquidity from the domestic markets. In April 2017, this was reduced to 4.50 per cent. Certificates 
of deposit for terms of one, three, six and nine months were increased from zero at the end of 2007 to a 
total of QR8.0 billion (U.S.$2.2 billion) as at March 2010, and were subsequently reduced to zero in 2011. 
They have remained at zero until the date of this Base Prospectus. In addition, the QCB maintained its 
lending interest rate at 5.5 per cent. from 2007 until April 2011 and its deposit interest rate at 2.0 per cent. 
from May 2008 until August 2010. The most recent cuts took place in August 2011, wherein rates went 
down on lending from 5.0 per cent. to 4.5 per cent. and for deposits from 1.0 per cent. to 0.75 per cent. 
These were later increased and then cut again, following international monetary trends, and at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the lending rate is at 5.50 per cent. and the deposit rate is at 4.5 per cent. The current 
required reserve percentage rate is 4.50 per cent.

--- Page 186 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 174 - 
75-41049031 
 
The following table sets forth the CPI and percentage change for the years ended 31 December 2019, 2020 
and 2021. 
 
Consumer Price Index 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
Food and beverages ........................................................  
100.02 
100.22 
102.90 
Tobacco ..........................................................................  
227.00 
244.42 
246.00 
Clothing and footwear ....................................................  
99.03 
94.51 
91.94 
Housing, water, electricity and gas .................................  
97.03 
92.67 
87.96 
Furnishings and household equipment ...........................  
100.82 
101.00 
104.09 
Medical Services ............................................................  
100.23 
101.79 
101.32 
Transportation ................................................................  
99.42 
98.63 
108.35 
Communication ..............................................................  
92.27 
90.93 
92.96 
Recreation and culture ....................................................  
93.43 
78.54 
84.72 
Education .......................................................................  
105.48 
107.27 
110.52 
Restaurants and hotels ....................................................  
100.57 
103.93 
107.18 
Miscellaneous goods and services ..................................  
102.59 
104.07 
106.82 
General Price Index .....................................................  
99.10 
96.55 
98.78 
Change (%) ...................................................................  
(0.90) 
(2.57) 
2.31 
 _______________  
Source: PSA 
VAT 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Qatar does not impose VAT on the sale of goods and services. 
However, in November 2016, the GCC states executed the GCC Framework Agreement on VAT, which 
has been implemented in the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia and Bahrain and is expected to come into 
force in the other GCC states over the coming years. The tax will apply a single rate of 5.0 per cent. to a 
broad basket of goods and services. On 3 May 2017, the Qatari Council of Ministers approved the Qatar 
VAT law and its executive regulations, which are expected to reflect the provisions of the GCC Framework 
Agreement. The Qatar VAT law and its executive regulations have not been published in the Official 
Gazette yet and as such they are not yet in force. It is not clear when VAT may be introduced in Qatar. 
The introduction of VAT in Qatar may impact QIB negatively to the extent that it is unable to recover input 
VAT. 
Withholding Taxes 
On 11 December 2019, Qatar published the Income Tax Executive Regulations (the "Executive 
Regulations"), relating to the Income Tax Law No 24 of 2018 (the "Qatar Tax Law"). 
In line with Qatar's decision in November 2017 to join the OECD Inclusive Framework and align Qatar's 
tax rules with the emerging global consensus of shared international tax rules, the new Executive 
Regulations include provisions on such issues as the permanent establishment, definition and transfer 
pricing documentation requirements. Many domestic tax rules have also changed. The main changes 
introduced by the Qatar Tax Law and the Executive Regulations relate to: 
• 
Merger and amalgamation transactions 
• 
Withholding tax sourcing rules and the refund process 
• 
Loss carry-forward rules and Bad Debt deductions 
• 
Capital gains tax (the "CGT"), including the deadline to file CGT tax returns 
• 
Conditions to exempt Qatari shareholders and wholly/partially owned Qatari entities 
• 
Administrative procedures, including registration, filing extensions and changes in accounting 
periods 
• 
Head office and entertainment expense allowances 
• 
Charitable contributions allowances, including zakat

--- Page 187 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 175 - 
75-41049031 
 
• 
Thin capitalisation and other interest deductibility restrictions 
• 
Tax paid-on-behalf of non-residents 
• 
Deductibility of provisions, including end of service and leave provisions 
• 
Fixed asset categories and accelerated depreciation rates 
• 
Commissions paid to local agents 
• 
Financial thresholds for filing a tax return 
• 
Disclosures and attachments to the tax returns 
• 
Process for conducting tax audits and assessments 
• 
Objection and appeal processes 
• 
Contract reporting procedures and associated penalties 
• 
Anti-avoidance rules 
• 
Related party disclosures and transfer pricing documentation requirements 
• 
Methods of communication with the GTA, including through digital means 
• 
Instructions regarding the new electronic portal (Dhareeba) 
Money Supply 
Since 2006, the money supply in Qatar has grown steadily, primarily as a result of significant increases in 
Government spending and an expansion of private sector credit, which has increased more than eight times 
within the period from 2007 to 2020. The expansion in private sector credit occurred despite the 
Government's implementation of a credit ratio and an increase in reserve requirements designed to moderate 
such credit expansion. 
As of 31 December 2021, the narrow measure of money ("M1"), which comprises currency held by the 
public and deposits denominated in riyals of the private sector, government and semi-government 
institutions, increased to QR148.3 billion (U.S.$40.7 billion), a 1.3 per cent. increase from 31 December 
2020. This led to a decrease of M1 domestic share in liquidity (M3) to 20.9 per cent. in December 2021 
compared to 21.7 per cent. in December 2020. As of December 2021, currency in circulation decreased to 
QR12.7 billion (U.S.$3.5 billion) from QR13.8 billion (U.S.$3.8 billion) in December 2020. As of 
December 2021, demand deposits increased to QR135.6 billion (U.S.$37.3 billion) from QR132.7 billion 
(U.S.$36.5 billion) from December 2020. As of December 2021, the broad measure of money ("M2"), 
which comprises M1 plus savings and time deposits denominated in riyals and foreign currency deposits 
of the private sector, government and semi-government institutions, increased to QR608.5 billion 
(U.S.$167.2 billion), an increase of 1.4 per cent. from the end of December 2020. Time deposits reduced 
by 1.9 per cent. from the end of December 2020 to QR282.5 billion (U.S.$79.1 billion) in December 2021. 
Foreign currency deposits increased by 7.4 per cent. from QR165.5 billion (U.S.$45.5 billion) in December 
2020 to QR177.7 billion (U.S.$48.8 billion) in December 2021. Total quasi-money represented by time 
deposits and foreign currency deposits increased to QR460.2 billion (U.S.$126.4 billion) as of December 
2021, a 1.5 per cent. increase from the end of December 2020. 
The following table provides an overview of the money supply and sets forth certain liquidity indicators 
for Qatar as at 31 December 2017 to 31 December 2021. 
 
Foreign assets: 
 
QCB: 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
 
(QR in millions, except as otherwise noted) 
Assets(1) .........................................................  
54,314.5 
110,898.3 
144,704.5 
149,051.4 
153,508.0 
Liabilities ......................................................  
(1,316.5) 
(1,296.5) 
(1,294.5) 
(1,346.3) 
(4,913.2)

--- Page 188 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 176 - 
75-41049031 
 
 
Foreign assets: 
 
QCB: 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
 
(QR in millions, except as otherwise noted) 
QCB foreign assets (net) .............................  
52,998.0 
109,601.8 
143,410.0 
147,705.1 
148,594.8 
Commercial banks: 
 
 
 
 
 
Assets ............................................................  
234,442.2 
239,086.0 
240,143.9 
232,680.3 
251,578.5 
Liabilities ......................................................  
(361,878.3) 
(437,998.2) 
(538,506.3) 
(635,021.4) 
(716,923.1) 
Commercial bank foreign assets (net) ........  
(127,436.1) 
(198,912.2) 
(298,362.4) 
(402,341.1) 
(465,344.6) 
Foreign assets (net) ......................................  
(74,438.1) 
(89,310.4) 
(154,952.4) 
(254,636.0) 
(334,382.5) 
Domestic assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
Claims on Government: 
 
 
 
 
 
Claims(2) ........................................................  
332,125.1 
293,943.6 
296,198.1 
293,474.4 
318,308.7 
Deposits(3) ......................................................  
(94,479.6) 
(89,172.9) 
(74,872.4) 
(75,256.3) 
(102,348.5) 
Claims on Government (net) ......................  
237,645.5 
204,770.7 
221,325.7 
218,218.1 
215,960.2 
Domestic credit: Claims on public 
enterprises(4) ...............................................  
165,983.2 
166,758.1 
183,694.1 
216,074.1 
237,394.6 
Claims on private sector(5) .............................  
493,251.6 
553,712.4 
659,737.8 
741,735.8 
819,726.3 
Total domestic credit ...................................  
659,234.8 
720,470.5 
843,431.8 
957,809.9 
1,057,120.9 
Other items (net) ...........................................  
(219,110.1) 
(271,922.8) 
(331,801.6) 
(321,505.0) 
(330,198.3) 
Domestic assets (net) ...................................  
677,770.2 
653,318.4 
732,955.9 
854,523.0 
942,882.8 
Broad money: 
 
 
 
 
 
Money (M1): 
 
 
 
 
 
Currency in circulation ..................................  
11,590.3 
11,243.9 
11,599.5 
13,791.1 
12,708.1 
Demand deposits ...........................................  
111,497.4 
107,832.0 
113,103.2 
132,668.0 
135,611.3 
Total money .................................................  
123,087.7 
119,075.9 
124,702.8 
146,459.1 
148,319.4 
Quasi-money: 
 
 
 
 
 
Savings and time deposits .............................  
259,691.2 
245,367.8 
295,406.6 
287,924.0 
282,466.2 
Foreign currency deposits .............................  
220,553.2 
199,564.3 
157,894.2 
165,504.0 
177,714.7 
Total quasi-money .........................................  
480,244.4 
444,932.1 
453,300.8 
453,428.0 
460,180.9 
Total broad money (M2) ...............................  
603,332.1 
564,008.0 
578,003.5 
599,887.1 
608,500.3 
Change (%): 
 
 
 
 
 
Foreign assets (net) .......................................  
25.4 
20.0 
73.8 
64.3 
24.4 
Domestic assets (net) .....................................  
21.7 
(3.6) 
12.2 
16.6 
8.3 
Total broad money ......................................  
21.3 
(6.5) 
2.5 
3.8 
(1.4) 
 _______________  
(1) Excludes the QCB's foreign currency deposits with local commercial banks. 
(2) Includes Government borrowing on behalf of public enterprises in 2001. 
(3) Includes foreign and local currency deposits. 
(4) Non-financial sector enterprises with some Government ownership. 
(5) Includes financial securities. 
Sources: QCB and PSA 
Liquidity 
The QCB, on behalf of the Government, issues bonds, sukuk and T-bills to absorb domestic liquidity. The 
QCB has issued a number of domestic bonds since 1999. As at 19 January 2023, Government domestic 
issuance included: QR0.9 billion (U.S.$0.3 billion) of T-bills denominated in local currency; QR48.7 billion 
(U.S.$13.4 billion) in sukuk and QR69.5 billion (U.S.$19.1 billion) in Government long-term bonds. 
Response to COVID-19 
On 16 March 2020, the QCB reduced the overnight deposit interest rate from 1.50 per cent. to 1.0 per cent., 
the overnight lending rate from 3.50 per cent. to 2.50 per cent. and the repo rate from 1.50 per cent. to 
1.0 per cent. Additionally, the QCB has issued a number of circulars to banks as a result of the COVID-19 
outbreak. The QCB had requested all banks to review and activate their business continuity plans and to 
evaluate such plans according to how the pandemic evolves and the potential business risks arising as a 
result to ensure that there are no significant interruptions to their businesses. The QCB also required banks 
operating in Qatar to postpone the repayment of loan instalments and interest due on such instalments for 
a period of six months with effect from 16 March 2020 for impacted sectors and without imposing any 
delay fees or impacting the credit rating of such customers. During this postponement period, interest/return 
shall be calculated at a rate of 2.5 per cent. Furthermore, a national guarantee programme was announced 
to support the private sector whereby banks operating in Qatar will benefit from a 100 per cent. guarantee 
from the Government of Qatar (acting through Qatar Development Bank) for financing provided to the 
private sector to enable them to pay salaries and rent payment. This guarantee programme applied to entities 
in all sectors of the economy (except for real estate) which are wholly private owned which have been

--- Page 189 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 177 - 
75-41049031 
 
economically impacted by the COVID-19 outbreak. In order to facilitate an orderly transition to normality, 
the QCB cut the stimulus package by 50 per cent. in March 2022 and phased out the extraordinary measures 
by December 2022. 
Banking System 
Commercial Banks 
Commercial banks in Qatar consist of four locally owned conventional banks, four Islamic banks that 
operate according to Islamic Shari'a principles (including the prohibition on the charging of interest on 
loans), seven branches of foreign banks and one specialised bank. 
The conventional local banks in Qatar are QNB, Commercialbank, Doha Bank and Ahli Bank. Al Khalij 
Commercial Bank (alkhaliji) merged with Masraf Al Rayan in November 2021. The conventional banks 
accounted for 69.7 per cent. of total banking sector assets as at 31 December 2021. 
The Islamic banks in Qatar are QIB, Qatar International Islamic Bank, Masraf Al Rayan, and Dukhan Bank. 
The Islamic banks account for 27.6 per cent. of market share by total assets as at 31 December 2021. 
The seven foreign banks present in Qatar had a total of QR36.4 billion (U.S.$10.0 billion) in total assets as 
at 31 December 2021, equivalent to 2.0 per cent. of the total banking sector. The foreign banks in Qatar are 
Arab Bank, Bank Saderat Iran, BNP Paribas, HSBC, Mashreq Bank, Standard Chartered Bank and United 
Bank Limited. 
One state-owned specialised bank, Qatar Development Bank ("QDB"), accounts for the remaining 1.0 per 
cent. of the total assets in the banking sector. QDB's main objective is to contribute to the development and 
diversification of economic and industrial investments in Qatar. QDB finances small and medium sized 
industrial projects and provides technical assistance and advice to industrialists for the implementation of 
their projects. QDB also provides consultancy services and financing for projects in the education, 
agriculture, fisheries, healthcare, animal resources and tourism sectors. 
Commercial banks are the primary financial institutions in Qatar, receiving deposits and providing credit 
and investment services, as well as foreign exchange and clearance services. The deposits made in Qatar's 
commercial banks are not insured as there is no deposit insurance scheme in Qatar. 
There has recently been some consolidation in the Qatari banking sector. In April 2019, Barwa Bank (now 
Dukhan Bank) and International Bank of Qatar announced the official completion of their legal merger. A 
further merger between Masraf Al Rayan and Al Khaliji was completed in November 2021. 
Qatar's long-term foreign currency issuer default rating with Fitch is AA- with a stable outlook, which was 
affirmed in April 2022. Such affirmation was supported by Qatar's large sovereign net foreign assets, one 
of the world's highest ratios of GDP per capita, a flexible public finance structure and a favourable outlook 
for debt reduction. Qatar's long-term credit rating with Moody's is Aa3 with a positive outlook. This rating 
was affirmed in November 2022 as a result of a number of strengths embedded in Qatar's credit profile, 
which underpin the sovereign's resilience to shocks, including the shock triggered by the COVID-19 
pandemic and lower global oil prices. Qatar's long-term sovereign credit rating with S&P is "AA/Stable", 
which was updated from "AA-" in November 2022 as a result of improvements in the Government's fiscal 
position. 
The QCB requires commercial banks to maintain a total minimum capital adequacy ratio ("CAR") of 12.5 
per cent. (including a capital conservation buffer but excluding the ICAAP capital charge) in accordance 
with the new the QCB's Basel III requirements. QCB issued a circular in January 2014 introducing new 
requirements in accordance with Basel III recommendations. Historically, commercial banks have 
complied with QCB capital adequacy requirements and, at the end of 2020, the average CAR of the sector 
was 18.8 per cent. compared with 18.6 per cent. in 2019, 18.0 per cent. in 2018 and 16.8 per cent. in 2017. 
At the end of 2020, Tier 1 average CAR for all banks was 17.6 per cent. compared with 17.5 per cent. in 
2019, 17.0 per cent. in 2018 and 16.5 per cent. in 2017. As a result of challenging economic conditions, in 
May 2009, the QCB amended its methods for calculating its capital adequacy ratio. See "Risk Factors— 
QIB may be subject to increased capital requirements or standards due to new governmental or regulatory 
requirements and changes in perceived levels of adequate capitalisation and may also need additional 
capital in the future due to worsening economic conditions". Currently, Qatar's commercial banks are

--- Page 190 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 178 - 
75-41049031 
 
compliant with Basel III Pillar I and, as of January 2014, the QCB instructed all commercial banks in Qatar 
to comply with the QCB's Basel III requirements. 
The QIA has provided financial support to Qatar's financial sector as a response to the 2008-2009 global 
economic downturn and as a preventative measure to preserve the general stability into Qatar's banking 
sector. In late 2008 and early 2009, the QIA began making direct capital injections in Qatar's commercial 
banking sector through a plan to purchase equity ownership interests of up to 20.0 per cent. in all domestic 
banks listed on the QSE, excluding QNB. In line with the plan, from 2009 through to 2011, the QIA through 
Qatar Holding LLC acquired equity positions ranging from 5.0 per cent. to 20 per cent. in various domestic 
banks, including the Commercial Bank, Qatar Islamic Bank, Ahli Bank and Doha Bank. 
The amount of credit extended by commercial banks to the private sector grew at a CAGR of 9.3 per cent. 
from QR450.1 billion (U.S.$123.7 billion) at the end of 2016 to QR766.8 billion (U.S.$210.7 billion) at the 
end of 2021. As at 31 December 2021, consumer credit accounted for 20.9 per cent. of total private sector 
credit extended by commercial banks, while credit extended to other sectors amounted to: real estate, 21.0 
per cent.; general trade, 49.5 per cent.; services, 28.4 per cent.; and other sectors, 3.1 per cent. of total 
private sector credit. In December 2021 compared with December 2020, the amount of consumer credit 
increased by 9.0 per cent., credit extended to the real estate sector increased by 5.4 per cent., credit for 
general trade increased by 11.1 per cent. and credit to the services sector increased by 15.8 per cent. 
The level of "non-performing" loans of all commercial banks increased to 1.6 per cent. in 2017, increased 
to 1.9 per cent. in 2018, decreased to 1.8 per cent. in 2019, increased to 2.0 per cent. in 2020 and 2.4 per 
cent. in 2021. Under QCB regulations, non-performing loans are defined as those loans that meet one of 
the following conditions for at least three months: (i) the borrower is not able to meet its loan repayments 
and the loan is past due; (ii) other credit facilities of that borrower are past due; (iii) the existing credit limits 
granted to that borrower for its other credit facilities are not renewed; or (iv) a borrower exceeds its agreed 
credit limit by 10.0 per cent. or more without prior authorisation. Commercial banks in Qatar categorise 
non-performing loans into three groups: sub-standard, doubtful and bad. Sub-standard loans are those that 
have not performed for three or more months, doubtful loans are those that have not performed for six or 
more months, and bad loans are those that have not performed for nine or more months. 
The following table sets forth the consolidated balance sheets of Qatari commercial banks as at 31 
December 2017 to 31 December 2021. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
 
(QR in millions) 
Assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
Reserves: 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash ..............................................................  
4,949.2 
4,971.8 
4,804.8 
12,480.3 
11,882.2 
Balances with the QCB .................................  
45,486.3 
66,315.3 
55,384.3 
74,711.7 
81,201.5 
Foreign assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash ..............................................................  
3,526.0 
5,522.8 
8,003.4 
9,461.3 
9,257.1 
Claims on foreign banks ................................  
77,285.5 
89,950.5 
94,416.0 
86,011.0 
110,235.9 
Foreign credit ..............................................  
90,482.1 
80,531.8 
74,893.7 
75,424.8 
69,969.3 
Foreign investments ......................................  
58,801.4 
59,139.7 
58,960.8 
57,244.3 
57,621.8 
Domestic Assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
Due from Banks in Qatar...............................  
48,847.2 
56,015.2 
65,354.9 
62,910.6 
62,811.9 
Domestic Credit ............................................  
820,556.1 
859,899.5 
964,192.3 
1,053,284.7 
1,146,473.2 
Domestic Investments ...................................  
183,695.9 
165,785.4 
185,120.9 
207,457.9 
239,428.9 
Fixed assets ...................................................  
6,997.7 
6,586.1 
7,110.7 
7,725.3 
7,464.9 
Other Assets ..................................................  
18,665.2 
19,296.7 
27,442.7 
30,921.7 
26,579.8 
Total assets ...................................................  
1,363,639.8 
1,417,956.0 
1,549,554.5 
1,682,172.5 
1,827,420.9 
Liabilities: 
 
 
 
 
 
Foreign Liabilities: 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-resident deposits ....................................  
137,125.5 
169,076.3 
208,221.8 
245,157.8 
280,669.0 
Due to foreign banks .....................................  
177,284.1 
218,743.4 
273,502.9 
312,611.2 
350,691.8 
Debt securities ...............................................  
47,069.8 
51,060.5 
61,616.8 
79,423.2 
81,415.7 
Domestic Liabilities: 
 
 
 
 
 
Resident deposits ...........................................  
685,909.4 
641,266.4 
640,927.3 
660,350.7 
693,440.5 
Due to domestic banks ..................................  
37,021.3 
49,097.1 
63,224.0 
54,314.5 
61,907.8 
Due to QCB ...................................................  
34,354.2 
21,788.7 
13,984.3 
31,269.0 
32,697.8 
Debt securities ...............................................  
1,001.7 
1,561.5 
1,325.5 
1,742.0 
1,739.7 
Margins .........................................................  
1,856.5 
2,706.0 
2,628.8 
2,994.3 
2,976.9 
Capital accounts ............................................  
146,716.3 
145,499.6 
155,420.8 
164,844.8 
172,932.9 
Provisions ......................................................  
13,624.8 
20,796.0 
23,798.4 
26,904.5 
34,450.4

--- Page 191 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 179 - 
75-41049031 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
 
(QR in millions) 
Other liabilities ..............................................  
81,277.3 
97,242.5 
109,739.2 
104,731.3 
110,351.7 
Total liabilities .............................................  
1,363,639.8 
1,417,956.0 
1,549,554.6 
1,682,172.5 
1,827,420.9 
 _______________  
Source: QCB 
The following table summarises the CAR and the ratio of non-performing loans to total loans for the 
banking system as at 31 December 2017 to 31 December 2021. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
Capital adequacy ratio (%) ............................................................  
16.8 
18.0 
18.6 
18.8 
19.2 
Non-performing loans/total loans (%) ...........................................  
1.6 
1.9 
1.8 
2.0 
2.4 
____________ 
Source: QCB 
The following table sets out the distribution of Qatari commercial bank credit facilities as at 31 December 
2017 to 31 December 2021. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
 
(QR in millions) 
Public Sector: 
 
 
 
 
 
Government ..................................................... 
175,578.3 
151,916.6 
133,790.4 
136,797.5 
142,257.8 
Government institutions .................................. 
146,198.5 
148,299.1 
170,020.5 
196,988.9 
218,664.8 
Semi-government institutions .......................... 
19,784.7 
18,459.0 
13,673.6 
19,085.2 
18,729.8 
Total public sector loans ............................... 
341,561.5 
318,674.7 
317,484.4 
352,871.7 
379,652.4 
Private sector: 
 
 
 
 
 
General trade ................................................... 
64,535.5 
83,985.4 
132,093.3 
146,861.3 
163,217.6 
Contractors and Real Estate............................. 
186,076.8 
185,923.9 
181,884.5 
190,385.4 
202,943.3 
Consumption ................................................... 
123,372.9 
127,232.5 
137,225.9 
146,999.7 
160,280.0 
Other ............................................................... 
105,009.4 
144,083.0 
195,504.3 
216,166.8 
240,379.9 
Total private sector loans .............................. 
478,994.6 
541,224.8 
646,707.9 
700,413.1 
766,820.8 
Total domestic loans ...................................... 
820,556.1 
859,899.5 
964,192.3 
1,053,284.7 
1,146,473.2 
Loans outside Qatar ...................................... 
90,482.1 
80,531.7 
74,893.7 
75,424.8 
69,969.3 
Total loans...................................................... 
911,038.2 
940,431.2 
1,039,086.0 
1,128,709.5 
1,216,442.5 
 _______________  
Source: QCB 
Total commercial bank deposits grew at a CAGR of 4.3 per cent. from QR823 billion (U.S.$226.1 billion) 
at the end of 2017 to QR974.1 billion (U.S.$267.6 billion) at the end of 2021. As at 31 December 2021, 
deposits accounted for 53.3 per cent. of total commercial bank liabilities. Private sector deposits grew at a 
CAGR of 2.2 per cent. from 2017 to 2021, compared with a decline of 2.2 per cent. for public sector 
deposits. As at 31 December 2021, demand deposits accounted for 18.9 per cent. of total deposits, and time 
and savings deposits for 52.2 per cent. (the remaining 28.8 per cent. are the deposits of non-residents and 
are not classified according to their term). As at 31 December 2021, a total of 49.6 per cent. of deposits are 
local currency deposits and 21.6 per cent. are foreign currency (the remaining 28.8 per cent. are the deposits 
of non-residents and are not classified according to their currency). 
The following table sets out the breakdown of commercial bank deposits as at 31 December 2017 to 31 
December 2021. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
 
(QR in millions) 
Public Sector: 
 
 
 
 
 
By term and currency: 
 
 
 
 
 
In Qatari Riyal 
 
 
 
 
 
Demand deposits ....................................  
30,569.4 
23,807.4 
23,346.7 
27,380.8 
31,094.1 
Time and savings deposits ......................  
110,765.0 
88,778.0 
156,274.8 
141,384.3 
133,409.2 
In foreign currencies 
 
 
 
 
 
Demand deposits ....................................  
9,707.3 
12,219.6 
12,589.4 
14,807.0 
18,612.8

--- Page 192 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 180 - 
75-41049031 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
 
(QR in millions) 
Time and savings deposits ......................  
164,356.4 
157,200.9 
80,869.2 
79,717.1 
105,559.4 
By sector: 
 
 
 
 
 
Government ............................................  
94,167.6 
88,502.3 
74,523.3 
74,254.8 
97,648.3 
Government institutions .........................  
188,805.3 
163,246.6 
166,790.7 
156,018.0 
151,648.7 
Semi-government institutions .................  
32,425.0 
30,257.0 
31,766.1 
33,016.4 
39,378.5 
Total public sector deposits .................  
315,397.9 
282,005.9 
273,080.0 
263,289.2 
288,675.5 
Private sector: 
 
 
 
 
 
By term and currency: 
 
 
 
 
 
In Qatari Riyal 
 
 
 
 
 
Demand deposits ....................................  
90,050.1 
89,498.9 
92,826.4 
112,176.4 
111,236.8 
Time and savings deposits ......................  
188,752.7 
189,998.5 
197,518.6 
203,139.1 
207,231.5 
In foreign currencies 
 
 
 
 
 
Demand deposits ....................................  
19,596.3 
16,634.2 
17,524.9 
19,479.0 
42,232.2 
Time and savings deposits ......................  
72,112.4 
63,128.9 
59,977.4 
62,267.0 
168,236.7 
By sector: 
 
 
 
 
 
Personal ..................................................  
170,999.4 
178,953.5 
199,365.7 
216,119.4 
219,268.3 
Companies and institutions ....................  
199,512.1 
180,307.0 
168,481.5 
180,942.1 
185,496.7 
Total private sector deposits ................  
370,511.0 
359,260.5 
367,847.3 
397,061.5 
404,765.0 
Total deposits: 
 
 
 
 
 
By currency: 
 
 
 
 
 
In Qatari Riyal ........................................  
420,137.2 
392,082.8 
469,966.4 
484,080.6 
482,971.6 
In foreign currencies...............................  
265,772.2 
249,183.6 
170,960.9 
176,270.1 
210,468.9 
By term: 
 
 
 
 
 
Total demand deposits ............................  
149,923.1 
142,160.1 
146,287.4 
173,843.2 
184,563.1 
Total time deposits .................................  
535,986.3 
499,106.3 
494,640.0 
486,507.5 
508,877.4 
Non-resident deposits .............................  
137,125.5 
169,076.3 
208,221.8 
245,157.8 
280,669.0 
Total deposits ........................................  
823,035.0 
810,342.7 
849,149.1 
905,508.5 
974,109.5 
____________ 
Source: QCB 
The total assets of commercial banks grew at a CAGR of 7.6 per cent. from 2017 to 2021. Domestic credit 
is the largest component of total assets and grew at a CAGR of 8.7 per cent. from 2017 to 2021. This strong 
credit growth spanned the private and public sectors and was driven by rapid economic growth, increasing 
private consumption and large allocations in government spending for major development projects. 
The increase in the domestic investments of commercial banks has grown at a CAGR of 6.8 per cent. from 
the end of 2017 to the end of 2021. Domestic investments increased by 15.4 per cent. in the 12 months to 
31 December 2021 to QR239.4 billion (U.S.$65.8 billion). Correspondingly, their share of total assets 
increased from 12.3 per cent. at the end of 2020 to 13.1 per cent. at the end of 2021.

--- Page 193 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 181 - 
75-41049031 
 
SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
The following is a summary of certain provisions of the principal Transaction Documents and is qualified 
in its entirety by reference to the detailed provisions of the principal Transaction Documents. Copies of the 
Transaction Documents will be available for inspection at the offices of the Trustee and the Principal 
Paying Agent (as defined in the Conditions) (or upon receipt of satisfactory proof of holding, delivered via 
email). 
Master Wakala Purchase Agreement, as supplemented by each Supplemental Purchase Contract 
An amended and restated master wakala purchase agreement (the "Master Wakala Purchase 
Agreement") between QIB and the Trustee, as supplemented and amended from time to time, and each 
Supplemental Purchase Contract applicable to a Tranche of Certificates, are and will be governed by Qatari 
law. 
Sale of Wakala Assets 
On the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche, QIB agrees, from time to time, to sell and transfer to the Trustee, 
and the Trustee agrees to purchase from QIB by way of sale and transfer on the relevant Issue Date, QIB's 
rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements in certain Wakala Assets constituting the Wakala Portfolio 
as will be set out in a schedule to the relevant Supplemental Purchase Contract. 
The Trustee will be under an obligation to invest a proportion of the Proceeds of each Series in a Wakala 
Portfolio in accordance with the terms of the Master Wakala Purchase Agreement and the relevant 
Supplemental Purchase Contract. 
Purchase Price 
The purchase price payable for the Wakala Portfolio of any relevant Tranche of Certificates (the "Purchase 
Price") will be set out in the relevant Supplemental Purchase Contract. 
Records 
All records in respect of the Wakala Assets will be retained by QIB. 
Representations and warranties 
QIB will only provide very limited representations and warranties in respect of the Wakala Assets on the 
Issue Date of the relevant Tranche. 
Undertakings of QIB 
QIB provides only very limited undertakings in the Master Wakala Purchase Agreement. 
Service Agency Agreement 
An amended and restated Service Agency Agreement (the "Service Agency Agreement") will be entered 
into on 13 February 2023 between the Trustee and QIB, in its capacity as service agent of the Wakala 
Portfolio (the "Service Agent") and will be governed by English law. Under the Service Agency 
Agreement, the Service Agent shall be obliged, in accordance with a services schedule (the "Wakala 
Services Schedule") to manage the Wakala Portfolio through the provision of certain services (the 
"Services") including, but not limited to, ensuring timely receipt of all revenues from the Wakala Portfolio 
(the "Wakala Portfolio Revenues"), collecting or enforcing the collection of such Wakala Portfolio 
Revenues and using its reasonable endeavours to apply such Wakala Portfolio Revenues in the nature of 
capital or principal payments in respect of the relevant Wakala Assets (including fixed rentals (in the case 
of Ijara Assets)) (the "Wakala Portfolio Principal Revenues") in acquiring further Eligible Wakala Assets 
from QIB to the extent necessary to maintain the Tangibility Ratio and in accordance with the terms of the 
Service Agency Agreement.

--- Page 194 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 182 - 
75-41049031 
 
Appointment of QIB as Service Agent 
The Trustee will appoint the Service Agent to service the Wakala Portfolio applicable to each Series of 
Certificates. In particular: 
(a) 
The Service Agent shall service the Wakala Portfolio in accordance with the Wakala Services 
Schedule, the terms of which will be completed at the time of issue of the first Tranche of the 
relevant Series upon receipt from the Trustee of the relevant Supplemental Purchase Contract; 
(b) 
if the Trustee issues an Additional Tranche, the Service Agent shall as soon as practicable after 
such issuance amend the Wakala Services Schedule for that Series to take into account the issuance 
of such Additional Tranche; 
(c) 
the Service Agent shall use its reasonable endeavours to do all acts and things that it considers 
necessary (including execution of such documents, issue of notices and commencement of any 
proceedings) to ensure the assumption and compliance by the counterparties to the Asset Contracts 
with their covenants, undertakings and other obligations thereunder; 
(d) 
the Service Agent shall make all reasonable efforts to collect or enforce the collection of any 
proceeds due under the relevant Asset Contracts as an when the same shall become due including 
so that the Wakala Portfolio Income Revenues are at least equal to the Expected Wakala Portfolio 
Income Revenues; 
(e) 
the Service Agent shall ensure that the Tangibility Ratio shall (in conjunction with the Mudarib in 
the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series), at all times on and from the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the relevant Series, be more than 50 per cent. and if, at any time, the Tangibility Ratio falls: 
(i) 
to 50 per cent. or less (but is 33 per cent. or more), the Service Agent shall take any and 
all steps as may be required (in conjunction with the Mudarib in the case of a 
Wakala/Mudaraba Series) by the Shari'a Board to ensure such Tangibility Ratio is restored 
to more than 50 per cent. within the time period determined by the Shari'a Board; and 
(ii) 
below 33 per cent. (such event, being a "Tangibility Event"), within 10 Business Days of 
the Service Agent becoming aware of the occurrence of the Tangibility Event, the Service 
Agent shall send a Tangibility Event Notice notifying the Trustee and the Delegate of such 
occurrence and requesting the Trustee to promptly deliver a notice to the 
Certificateholders (a "Delisting Notice") in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), 
specifying: 
(A) 
that a Tangibility Event has occurred, together with an explanation of the reasons 
for, and evidence of, such occurrence; 
(B) 
as determined in consultation with the Shari'a Board, the Certificates should be 
tradable only in accordance with the Shari'a principles of debt trading; 
(C) 
that, on the date falling 15 days following the Tangibility Event Redemption Date, 
the Certificates will be delisted from any stock exchange (if any) on which the 
Certificates have been admitted to listing or if such date is not a business day, the 
next following business day ("business day" being, for this purpose, a day on 
which the stock exchange on which the Certificates are admitted to listing is open 
for business); and 
(D) 
the Tangibility Event Put Right Period, during which period any Certificateholder 
shall have the option to require the redemption of all or any of its Certificates. 
(f) 
the Service Agent shall in the case of a Wakala Series, ensure that on the Issue Date, the Wakala 
Percentage shall be 100 per cent.; 
(g) 
the Service Agent shall use its reasonable endeavours to discharge or procure the discharge of all 
of its obligations in its capacity as party to each Asset Contract, and/or other agreement constituting 
the relevant Wakala Portfolio, it being acknowledged that the Service Agent may appoint one or 
more agents to discharge these obligations on its behalf;

--- Page 195 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 183 - 
75-41049031 
 
(h) 
the Service Agent may pay on behalf of the Trustee any costs, expenses, losses and Taxes which 
would otherwise be payable by the Trustee as a result of the Trustee's ownership of the Wakala 
Portfolio; 
(i) 
the Service Agent shall use its best endeavours to ensure the timely receipt of all Wakala Asset 
Revenues, investigate non-payment of Wakala Asset Revenues and generally make all reasonable 
efforts to collect or enforce the collection of such Wakala Asset Revenues under the relevant 
contract or instrument as and when the same shall become due, including so that the Wakala 
Portfolio Income Revenues are at least equal to the Expected Wakala Portfolio Income Revenues; 
(j) 
the Service Agent shall maintain the Collection Accounts and the Wakala Reserve Account in 
accordance with the terms of the Service Agency Agreement; 
(k) 
the Service Agent shall obtain all necessary authorisations in connection with any of the Wakala 
Assets and its obligations under or in connection with the Service Agency Agreement; 
(l) 
if a Liquidity Facility is to be provided, the Service Agent shall provide such Liquidity Facility in 
accordance with the Conditions and the provisions of the Service Agency Agreement; and 
(m) 
in the event that, on a Dissolution Date: (i) QIB fails to pay the Exercise Price in accordance with 
the Sale Undertaking Deed or the Purchase Undertaking Deed, as the case may be; or (ii) the 
Service Agent fails to pay into the Transaction Account the amount of any Wakala Portfolio 
Principal Revenues held by the Service Agent in relation to the Tranche that have not yet as of the 
Dissolution Date been invested in Eligible Wakala Assets: 
(i) 
the Trustee shall maintain its ownership interest in the applicable Wakala Portfolio; 
(ii) 
the Service Agent shall continue to perform the Services in respect of such Wakala 
Portfolio; and 
(iii) 
unless otherwise instructed by the Delegate (in circumstances where the delegation has 
become effective), the Service Agent shall, for the period for which the relevant Exercise 
Price remains outstanding, continue to credit all Wakala Asset Revenues in accordance 
with the terms of the Service Agency Agreement; and 
(iv) 
it shall carry out any incidental matters relating to any of the above. 
The Service Agent shall: (a) have no investment agency responsibilities with respect to its appointment as 
agent of the Trustee under the Service Agency Agreement and, other than as provided for in the Transaction 
Documents, is not permitted to trade in the Wakala Assets; and (b) not make a discretionary substitution of 
any of the Wakala Assets. 
The Service Agent undertakes to the Trustee, in relation to each Series, that it shall maintain actual or 
constructive possession, custody or control of, or rights, title, interests, benefits or entitlements in, to or 
under all of the Wakala Assets comprising the Wakala Portfolio during each Trustee Ownership Period, in 
each case in accordance with the terms of the relevant Asset Contracts. 
Standard of care 
The Service Agent shall perform its duties under the Service Agency Agreement in accordance with all 
applicable laws and regulations, with the degree of skill and care that it would exercise in respect of its own 
assets and in a manner that is not repugnant to, and is otherwise in compliance with, Shari'a. 
Fees 
QIB has received a fee for acting as Service Agent which comprises a fixed basic fee of U.S.$100 and may 
also receive an incentive amount calculated as the remaining balance (if any) of the Wakala Reserve 
Account, as more particularly described in "Operation of Collection Accounts and Wakala Reserve 
Accounts (Wakala Assets)" below.

--- Page 196 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 184 - 
75-41049031 
 
Operation of Collection Accounts and Wakala Reserve Accounts (Wakala Assets) 
The Service Agent will maintain on its books a separate non-interest bearing ledger account (a "Collection 
Account"). All Wakala Portfolio Revenues which are not Wakala Portfolio Principal Revenues ("Wakala 
Portfolio Income Revenues") received by the Service Agent in respect of Wakala Assets of each Series 
will be credited to the Collection Account and applied by the Service Agent in the following order of 
priority: 
(a) 
first, in payment to the Service Agent of any amounts advanced by it to the Trustee by way of the 
Liquidity Facility; 
(b) 
second, in payment of all or any due and payable Service Agent Liabilities Amounts; 
(c) 
third, in payment to the relevant Transaction Account an amount equal to the lesser of the Wakala 
Percentage of the Required Amount for the corresponding Periodic Distribution Date and the 
balance of the Income Collection Account; and 
(d) 
fourth, the balance of the Income Collection Account immediately following the payment of the 
amounts set out in paragraphs (a) and (b) on such day shall be retained by the Service Agent as a 
reserve and credited to a reserve ledger account in the name of the Service Agent (the "Wakala 
Reserve Account"). 
For these purposes, "Required Amount" means the aggregate of the amounts described in paragraphs (i), 
(ii) and (iii) of Condition 6(h) (Trust – Application of Proceeds from Trust Assets) and, in relation to a 
Dissolution Date, the aggregate of the amounts described in paragraphs (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) of Condition 
6(h) (Trust – Application of Proceeds from Trust Assets). 
On each Periodic Distribution Date, the Service Agent will apply any amounts standing to the credit of the 
Wakala Reserve Account by paying the same into the Transaction Account, towards the aggregate amount 
of any shortfall between: (i) the amounts standing to the credit of the Transaction Account at such time 
(after taking into account any payments made or to be made pursuant to the Master Restricted Mudaraba 
Agreement, if applicable); and (ii) the Required Amount due on the corresponding Periodic Distribution 
Date (a "Shortfall"). The Service Agent will be entitled to deduct amounts standing to the credit of the 
Wakala Reserve Account for its own account, provided that such amounts shall be repaid by it if so 
required to fund a Shortfall in respect of the relevant Series. 
In the event that, on a Dissolution Date, the amount standing to the credit of the Transaction Account 
following: (i) in the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series only, the liquidation of the relevant Restricted 
Mudaraba in accordance with the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement; (ii) the Exercise Price becoming 
due and payable under the Purchase Undertaking Deed or Sale Undertaking Deed (as applicable); and (iii) 
the deposit in the Transaction Account by the Service Agent of any Wakala Portfolio Principal Revenues 
held by the Service Agent in relation to the Series that have not yet as of the Dissolution Date been invested 
in Eligible Wakala Assets is less than the Required Amount, due on such date then the Service Agent may 
utilise any amounts standing to the credit of the Wakala Reserve Account to the extent of such Shortfall. 
Upon final termination or dissolution of the Trust as provided in Condition 11 (Capital Distributions of the 
Trust), and provided that all obligations owed by QIB to the Trustee have been met, the Service Agent 
shall be entitled to retain the remaining balance (if any) of the Wakala Reserve Account (after any payments 
into the Transaction Account as provided above) for its own account as an incentive amount. 
Representations and warranties 
The Service Agent shall make certain limited representations and warranties including, inter alia, as to due 
incorporation, power and authority and the validity of its obligations under the Service Agency Agreement. 
Termination of appointment 
QIB's appointment as Service Agent may be terminated without notice upon the occurrence of any QIB 
Event (see "Summary of the Principal Transaction Documents – Purchase Undertaking Deed"). The 
occurrence of a QIB Event will also be a Dissolution Event allowing the Trustee, at its option, to declare 
(or, upon written request of Certificateholders representing not less than 20 per cent. in face amount of the 
relevant Series of Certificates for the time being outstanding and being indemnified and/or secured and/or

--- Page 197 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 185 - 
75-41049031 
 
pre-funded to its satisfaction, requiring it to declare) the Certificates of the relevant Series to be immediately 
due and payable. 
Incentive amount 
Upon final termination and dissolution of the Trust, and provided that all obligations owed by QIB to the 
Trustee have been met, the Service Agent shall be entitled to retain the remaining balance (if any) of the 
Wakala Reserve Account for its own account as an incentive amount. 
Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement 
An amended and restated master restricted mudaraba agreement (the "Master Restricted Mudaraba 
Agreement") will be entered into on 13 February 2023 between the Trustee (in its capacity as Rabb-al-
Maal) and QIB (in its capacity as Mudarib) and will be governed by English law. 
In relation to each Tranche of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series, the Trustee (in its capacity as Rabb-al-Maal) has 
agreed to deposit the relevant Mudaraba Capital into a ledger account maintained by the Rabb-al-Maal with 
the Mudarib (the "Mudaraba Account") and enter into a restricted mudaraba arrangement (each a 
"Restricted Mudaraba") with QIB as the Mudarib in accordance with the terms of the Master Restricted 
Mudaraba Agreement and each Restricted Mudaraba Contract. Pursuant to the Restricted Mudaraba, the 
Mudarib shall, on the Issue Date of any Tranche, invest the relevant Mudaraba Capital to acquire an 
ownership interest in a portfolio of Mudaraba Real Estate Ijara Assets, Mudaraba Non-Real Estate Ijara 
Assets, Shari'a-Compliant Assets and/or Tangible Sukuk that have associated with them underlying 
tangible assets owned by QIB and each ownership interest in an asset will constitute a Mudaraba Asset, and 
together such Mudaraba Assets will constitute the Mudaraba Portfolio of that Restricted Mudaraba 
Contract. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement, the Mudarib shall be obliged to 
maintain separate ledgers to record: (1) any amount of Mudaraba Portfolio Principal Revenues received in 
respect of the relevant Restricted Mudaraba; (2) the amount of Mudaraba Profit received in respect of the 
relevant Mudaraba Portfolio which is payable to the Rabb-al-Maal; and (3) any amounts of Mudaraba Profit 
remaining after deducting amounts payable to the Rabb-al-Maal. The Mudarib will, to the extent possible, 
reinvest Mudaraba Portfolio Principal Revenues received in respect of the Mudaraba Portfolio of each 
Wakala/Mudaraba Series of Certificates in Eligible Mudaraba Assets, in each case in accordance with the 
terms of the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement, the relevant Restricted Mudaraba Contract and the 
related Mudaraba Investment Plan, provided that the Value of such further Eligible Mudaraba Assets are 
not less than the consideration given for, the purchase price of or the amounts otherwise applied in the 
acquisition of such assets provided that, subject to the terms of the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement 
if sufficient Eligible Mudaraba Assets are not available for such purposes, the Mudaraba Portfolio Principal 
Revenues may be held in the Mudaraba Account until such time as sufficient Eligible Mudaraba Assets 
become available. 
Pursuant to the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement, in the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series, the 
Mudarib (in conjunction with the Service Agent) shall ensure that the Tangibility Ratio shall at all times on 
and from the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series, be more than 50 per cent. and if, at any 
time, the Tangibility Ratio falls: (a) to 50 per cent. or less (but is 33 per cent. or more), the Mudarib shall 
take any and all steps as may be required (in conjunction with the Service Agent) by the Shari'a Board to 
ensure such Tangibility Ratio is restored to more than 50 per cent. within the time period determined by the 
Shari'a Board; and (b) below 33 per cent. (such event, being a "Tangibility Event"), within 10 Business 
Days of the Mudarib becoming aware of the occurrence of the Tangibility Event, the Mudarib (in 
conjunction with the Service Agent) shall send a Tangibility Event Notice notifying the Trustee and the 
Delegate of such occurrence and requesting the Trustee to promptly deliver a notice to the Certificateholders 
(a "Delisting Notice") in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), specifying: (i) that a Tangibility Event 
has occurred, together with an explanation of the reasons for, and evidence of, such occurrence; (ii) as 
determined in consultation with the Shari'a Board, the Certificates should be tradable only in accordance 
with the Shari'a principles of debt trading; (iii) on the date falling 15 days following the Tangibility Event 
Redemption Date, the Certificates will be delisted from any stock exchange (if any) on which the 
Certificates have been admitted to listing; and (iv) the Tangibility Event Put Right Period, during which 
period any Certificateholder shall have the option to require the redemption of all or any of its Certificates.

--- Page 198 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 186 - 
75-41049031 
 
Under the terms of the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement, in relation to each Restricted Mudaraba, 
the Mudarib shall be obliged, among other things, to ensure that the Mudaraba Capital is invested in 
accordance with the terms of the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement, the Restricted Mudaraba 
Contract and the related Mudaraba Investment Plan, ensure that lessees in respect of the Ijara Assets 
maintain industry standard insurances/takaful in respect of the relevant Ijara Assets and fulfil all structural 
repair and major maintenance obligations in respect of the relevant Ijara Assets (each in accordance with 
the terms of any underlying Ijara Contract), to monitor, subject to, and in accordance with its usual and 
standard practices from time to time, on a monthly basis the Value and the income generating properties of 
the relevant Mudaraba Assets, use its reasonable endeavours to reinvest all Mudaraba Portfolio Principal 
Revenues in Eligible Mudaraba Assets and monitor, subject to, and in accordance with its usual and 
standard practices from time to time, on a monthly basis the Value and income generating properties of the 
Mudaraba Assets. 
The Mudarib shall make profit distributions in relation to a Restricted Mudaraba Contract on a Mudaraba 
Income Distribution Date (as such term is defined in the Conditions), in respect of each Mudaraba Income 
Distribution Period, of the relevant Restricted Mudaraba by the Mudarib. The profits (if any) generated by 
the Mudaraba Capital, being an amount equal to: all revenues received in respect of the Mudaraba Assets 
during such Mudaraba Income Distribution Period, minus the aggregate of: (a) the Mudaraba Portfolio 
Principal Revenues received during that Mudaraba Income Distribution Period; (b) any costs (consisting of 
direct costs and allocated costs) and/or provisions associated with the Mudaraba Assets during the 
Mudaraba Income Distribution Period; and (c) any Taxes incurred in connection with the Master Restricted 
Mudaraba Agreement or that Restricted Mudaraba Contract (including in connection with any transfer, sale 
or disposal of any Mudaraba Asset during the Mudaraba Income Distribution Period) but excluding the 
Mudarib's obligations (if any) to pay any Taxes or additional amounts under, or in connection with, 
Condition 12 (Taxation) (the "Mudaraba Profit") in relation to the applicable Restricted Mudaraba 
Contract for a Mudaraba Income Distribution Period will, to the extent received by the Mudarib, on the 
applicable Mudaraba Income Distribution Date, (i) first be allocated and, in the case of any interest of QIB, 
distributed on a pro rata basis in accordance with any respective ownership interests of: (a) QIB and (b) 
the Mudaraba in the Mudaraba Portfolio and (ii) following such initial allocation and distribution, allocated 
to the Rabb-al-Maal and the Mudarib in accordance with the profit sharing ratio set out in the Master 
Restricted Mudaraba Agreement and the Rabb-al-Maal's share of such Mudaraba Profit will be paid into 
the Transaction Account by the Mudarib on such Mudaraba Income Distribution Date. The Mudarib shall 
be entitled to use for its own account any amounts received in the nature of Mudaraba Profit provided that 
such amounts shall be repaid when required in accordance with the terms of the Master Restricted Mudaraba 
Agreement. 
In the event that, on a Mudaraba Income Distribution Date, the portion of the Mudaraba Profit in relation 
to a Restricted Mudaraba Contract payable to the Rabb-al-Maal is greater than the Mudaraba Percentage of 
the then applicable Required Amount on the immediately following Periodic Distribution Date under the 
relevant Series of Certificates to which that Restricted Mudaraba Contract relates, the amount of any excess 
shall be credited to a reserve ledger account in the name of the Mudarib (the "Mudaraba Reserve 
Account"). The portion of Mudaraba Profit payable to the Transaction Account on such Mudaraba Income 
Distribution Date in relation to such Series shall be reduced accordingly. The Mudarib will be entitled to 
use amounts standing to the credit of the Mudaraba Reserve Account for its own account, provided that 
such amounts shall be repaid by the Mudarib if so required to fund a Shortfall in respect of the relevant 
Tranche. 
On each Mudaraba Income Distribution Date, the Mudarib will, after taking into account any payments 
made or to be made pursuant to the Service Agency Agreement, apply any amounts standing to the credit 
of the Mudaraba Reserve Account, by paying the same into the Transaction Account, towards the aggregate 
amount of any shortfall between: (i) the amounts standing to the credit of the Transaction Account at such 
time; and (ii) the Required Amount due on the corresponding Periodic Distribution Date (a "Shortfall"). 
In the event that, on a Dissolution Date, the amount standing to the credit of the Transaction Account 
following: (i) the liquidation of the relevant Restricted Mudaraba in accordance with the Master Restricted 
Mudaraba Agreement; (ii) the Exercise Price becoming due and payable under the Purchase Undertaking 
Deed or Sale Undertaking Deed (as applicable); and (iii) the deposit in the Transaction Account by the 
Service Agent of any Wakala Portfolio Principal Revenues held by the Service Agent in relation to the 
Series that have not yet as of the Dissolution Date been invested in Eligible Wakala Assets, is less than the 
Required Amount due on such date, then the Mudarib will utilise any amounts standing to the credit of the 
Mudaraba Reserve Account in order to cover any Shortfall.

--- Page 199 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 187 - 
75-41049031 
 
Upon final termination or dissolution of the Trust as provided in Condition 11 (Capital Distributions of the 
Trust), after all amounts due under the Certificates of the relevant Series have been satisfied in full, the 
Mudarib shall be entitled to retain the remaining balance (if any) of the Mudaraba Reserve Account (after 
any payments into the Transaction Account as provided above) for its own account as an incentive amount. 
The Mudarib shall, in relation to a Restricted Mudaraba Contract, liquidate the related Restricted Mudaraba 
(in whole or in part) on the applicable Mudaraba End Date or the Tangibility Event Redemption Date (as 
applicable) and, in doing so, shall transfer to the Rabb-al-Maal an amount equal to the Final Liquidation 
Proceeds or the Tangibility Event Liquidation Proceeds (as applicable) due and payable to the Rabb-al-
Maal in relation to that Restricted Mudaraba Contract in accordance with the terms and conditions of Master 
Restricted Mudaraba Agreement, the relevant Restricted Mudaraba Contract and the Mudaraba Investment 
Plan. 
The parties to the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement agree that, on the applicable Mudaraba End Date, 
any amounts standing to the credit of the Mudaraba Reserve Account after all amounts due under the 
Certificates of the relevant Series have been satisfied in full shall be paid to the Mudarib as an incentive 
amount for its performance. The Rabb-al-Maal acknowledges that it shall have no entitlement in respect of 
any surplus amounts that are paid to the Mudarib as an incentive amount. 
Upon the maturity of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series or the occurrence of a Dissolution Event, the relevant 
Restricted Mudaraba will be liquidated and the Mudarib will distribute the Final Liquidation Proceeds in 
accordance with the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement and the Restricted Mudaraba Contract. Upon 
receipt by the Trustee of a Cancellation Notice, the Trustee acknowledges and agrees that the Mudarib shall 
transfer on the relevant Cancellation Date to QIB the Cancellation Mudaraba Assets, provided that the 
aggregate Value of such Cancellation Mudaraba Assets shall be equal to, or otherwise, as close as possible 
to a pro-rata amount of the Cancellation Certificates, failing which, no greater than the Mudaraba 
Percentage of the aggregate face amount of the Cancellation Certificates. 
The acts of the Mudarib under the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement and each Restricted Mudaraba 
Contract will be monitored and audited from time to time by the Shari'a Board of QIB in accordance with 
normal operating procedures. 
Undertakings of the Rabb-al-Maal 
The Rabb-al-Maal provides only very limited undertakings in the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement. 
Master Declaration of Trust, as supplemented by each Supplemental Declaration of Trust 
An amended and restated master declaration of trust (the "Master Declaration of Trust") will be entered 
into on 13 February 2023 between QIB, the Trustee and the Delegate and is governed by English law. A 
Supplemental Declaration of Trust between the same parties shall be entered into on the Issue Date of each 
Tranche of Certificates and shall also be governed by English law. 
Upon issue of the Global Certificate initially representing the Certificates of any Series, the Master 
Declaration of Trust and the relevant Supplemental Declaration of Trust shall together constitute the Trust 
declared by the Trustee in relation to such Series. 
The Trust Assets in respect of each Series of Certificates comprise (unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Supplemental Declaration of Trust), inter alia, the Sukuk Assets, the Trustee's rights under the 
Purchase Undertaking Deed and certain other documents it has entered into and any amounts it may have 
deposited in the relevant Transaction Account, subject to the terms of the relevant Supplemental 
Declaration of Trust. 
If and to the extent the Trustee has exercised its rights under Condition 21 (Further Issues) to issue 
additional Certificates in respect of a Series, on the date of issue of such additional Certificates, the Trustee 
will execute a Declaration of Commingling of Assets for and on behalf of the holders of the existing 
Certificates and the holders of such additional Certificates so issued, declaring that the assets comprising 
the relevant Additional Portfolio transferred to the Trustee (in respect of the issuance of the additional 
Certificates) and the Assets comprising the Portfolio immediately prior to the acquisition of the Additional 
Portfolio (in respect of the relevant Series as in existence immediately prior to the issue of such additional 
Certificates) are commingled and shall collectively comprise part of the Trust Assets for the benefit of the 
holders of the existing Certificates and the holders of such additional Certificates as tenants in common pro

--- Page 200 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 188 - 
75-41049031 
 
rata according to the face amount of Certificates held by each Certificateholder, in accordance with the 
Master Declaration of Trust. 
Pursuant to the Master Declaration of Trust, the Trustee will, in relation to each Series of Certificates, inter 
alia: 
(a) 
hold the relevant Trust Assets on trust absolutely for the holders of the Certificates pro rata 
according to the face amount of Certificates of that Series held by each Certificateholder, in 
accordance with the provisions of the Master Declaration of Trust as supplemented by the relevant 
Supplemental Declaration of Trust; 
(b) 
act as trustee in respect of the Trust Assets, distribute the income from the Trust Assets and perform 
its duties in accordance with the provisions of the Master Declaration of Trust as supplemented by 
the relevant Supplemental Declaration of Trust; 
(c) 
subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction enforce the Trust 
Assets including, insofar as it is able, taking all reasonably necessary steps to enforce each of the 
Master Declaration of Trust, the Purchase Undertaking Deed, the Master Restricted Mudaraba 
Agreement (in the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series only), the Service Agency Agreement and 
any other relevant Transaction Document if QIB shall have at any time failed to perform its 
obligations under it; 
(d) 
collect the proceeds of the Trust Assets in accordance with the terms of the Master Declaration of 
Trust and, if applicable, the terms of the relevant Supplemental Declaration of Trust; 
(e) 
distribute the proceeds of any enforcement of the Trust Assets, as described in the Master 
Declaration of Trust and in the Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement (see the section entitled 
"Summary of the Principal Transaction Documents – Master Restricted Mudaraba Agreement"); 
(f) 
maintain proper books of account in respect of the relevant Trust; and 
(g) 
take such other steps as are reasonably necessary to ensure that the Certificateholders of each Series 
receive the distributions to be made to them in accordance with the Transaction Documents and 
the Corporate Services Agreement. 
In the Master Declaration of Trust, the Trustee also undertakes that, inter alia: 
(a) 
it may or shall (subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction) 
upon being directed to do so by the Certificateholders enforce the obligations of QIB under the 
Master Declaration of Trust, the Purchase Undertaking Deed, the Master Restricted Mudaraba 
Agreement (in the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series only), the Service Agency Agreement and 
any other Transaction Document to which QIB is a party; 
(b) 
to the extent that it prepares accounts, it shall cause to be prepared and certified by its auditors in 
respect of each financial accounting period accounts in such form as will comply with all relevant 
legal and accounting requirements and all requirements for the time being of any stock exchange 
on which the Certificates are listed; and 
(c) 
following the occurrence of a Dissolution Event in respect of any Series of Certificates and, subject 
to Condition 15 (Dissolution Events), it shall: (i) promptly notify the Certificateholders of the 
occurrence of such Dissolution Event; and (ii) take all such steps as are necessary to enforce the 
obligations of QIB under the Purchase Undertaking Deed, the Service Agency Agreement and (in 
the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series only) the relevant Restricted Mudaraba Contract in 
accordance with the provisions of the Service Agency Agreement, the Master Restricted Mudaraba 
Agreement (in the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series only), and any other Transaction Document 
to which QIB is a party. 
The Trustee irrevocably and unconditionally appoints the Delegate (subject to it being indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) to exercise all of the present and future duties, powers, trusts, 
authorities and discretions vested in the Trustee by the Master Declaration of Trust that the Delegate may 
consider to be necessary or desirable in order to, upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event or a Potential 
Dissolution Event, exercise all of the rights of the Trustee under the Purchase Undertaking Deed and any

--- Page 201 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 189 - 
75-41049031 
 
of the other Transaction Documents and the Corporate Services Agreement (provided that no obligations, 
duties or covenants of the Trustee pursuant to the Master Declaration of Trust or any other Transaction 
Document shall be imposed on the Delegate by virtue of the delegation) and make such distributions from 
the Trust Assets as the Trustee is bound to make in accordance with the Master Declaration of Trust (the 
foregoing being the Delegation of the Relevant Powers). The appointment of such delegate is intended to 
be in the interests of the Certificateholders and does not affect the Trustee's continuing role and obligations 
as sole trustee. 
In addition to the Delegation of the Relevant Powers, certain powers under the Master Declaration of Trust 
have been vested solely in the Delegate, including, inter alia, the power to determine the occurrence of a 
Dissolution Event, the power to waive or authorise a breach of an obligation or determine that a Dissolution 
Event or Potential Dissolution Event shall not be treated as such, and the power to consent to certain types 
of amendments to any Transaction Document or the memorandum and articles of association of the Trustee 
or to modifications without consent of the Certificateholders to the extent provided in Condition 9(k) 
(Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions – Benchmark Replacement). 
A Collection Account, a Transaction Account, a Wakala Reserve Account and (in the case of a 
Wakala/Mudaraba Series only) a Mudaraba Reserve Account will be established in respect of each Series 
of Certificates. Monies received in the Transaction Account in respect of each Series will, inter alia, 
comprise: (i) (in the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series only) the Rabb-al-Maal's portion of any Mudaraba 
Profit; (ii) payments from the relevant Collection Account immediately prior to each Periodic Distribution 
Date (see "Summary of the Principal Transaction Documents – Service Agency Agreement"); and (iii) the 
Exercise Price received from QIB under the relevant Sale Agreement (see "Summary of the Principal 
Transaction Documents – Purchase Undertaking Deed" and "Summary of the Principal Transaction 
Documents – Sale Undertaking Deed"). The Master Declaration of Trust provides that all monies credited 
to the Transaction Account in respect of each Series will be applied by the Trustee in the following order 
of priority in accordance with Condition 6(h) (Trust – Application of Proceeds from Trust Assets): 
(a) 
first, (to the extent not previously paid) to pay the Delegate all amounts owing to it under the 
Transaction Documents in its capacity as Delegate and to any receiver, manager or administrative 
receiver or any other analogous officer appointed in respect of the Trust by the Delegate in 
accordance with the Master Declaration of Trust as supplemented by any relevant Supplemental 
Declaration of Trust; 
(b) 
second, (to the extent not previously paid) to pay pro rata and pari passu: (i) the Trustee in respect 
of all amounts properly incurred and documented (each in the opinion of the Delegate) owing to it 
under the Transaction Documents in its capacity as Trustee; (ii) the Trustee Administrator in 
respect of all amounts owing to it under the Transaction Documents and the Corporate Services 
Agreement in its capacity as Trustee Administrator; and (iii) each Agent in respect of all amounts 
owing to such Agent on account of its fees, costs, charges and expenses and the payment or 
satisfaction of any liability properly incurred by such Agent pursuant to the Agency Agreement or 
the other Transaction Documents in its capacity as Agent; 
(c) 
third, to the Principal Paying Agent for application in or towards payment pari passu and rateably 
of all Periodic Distribution Amounts due and unpaid; 
(d) 
fourth, only if such payment is made on a Dissolution Date, to the Principal Paying Agent for 
application in or towards payment of the Dissolution Amount; and 
(e) 
fifth, only if such payment is made on a Dissolution Date, payment of any residual amount to the 
Service Agent as an incentive amount for its performance. 
In addition, under the Master Declaration of Trust QIB undertakes to the Trustee that, if any amount payable 
by QIB to the Trustee pursuant to any Transaction Document is not recoverable from QIB for any reason 
whatsoever (including, without limitation, by reason of any Certificate or any Transaction Document or 
any provision thereof being or becoming void, unenforceable or otherwise invalid under any applicable 
law, or any transfer of the Trust Assets being ineffective or unenforceable) and the Trustee suffers any 
actual cost, expense, loss or taxes as a result of the Trustee's holding of the Trust Assets (which cost, 
expense or loss is not recoverable under the relevant Transaction Documents), then QIB will, as a sole, 
original and independent obligation, fully indemnify the Trustee against all losses, claims, actual costs,

--- Page 202 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 190 - 
75-41049031 
 
charges and expenses, but excluding the costs of funding the same, to which it may be subject or which it 
may incur under or in respect of the Transaction Documents. 
The Master Declaration of Trust specifies that: (i) if, at the time of delivery of an Exercise Notice in 
accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking Deed, QIB (acting in any capacity) holds any 
benefits, entitlements, rights, title or interest in, or remains in actual or constructive possession, custody or 
control of all or any part of the Trust Assets; and (ii) if, following delivery of an Exercise Notice in 
accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking Deed, QIB fails to pay the relevant Exercise 
Price or Tangibility Event Exercise Price (as the case may be) in accordance with the provisions of the 
Purchase Undertaking Deed for any reason whatsoever thereby resulting in QIB's failure to comply with its 
obligations in accordance with the Purchase Undertaking Deed, QIB shall (as an independent, severable 
and separately enforceable obligation) fully indemnify the Trustee for the purpose of redemption in full of 
the outstanding Certificates of such Series and, accordingly, the amount payable under any such indemnity 
claim will equal the relevant Exercise Price or Tangibility Event Exercise Price (as the case may be). 
The Master Declaration of Trust specifies that, on or after the relevant Dissolution Date of a Series of 
Certificates, the rights of recourse in respect of Certificates shall be limited to the amounts from time to 
time available and comprising the relevant Trust Assets of that Series, subject to the priority of payments 
set out in the Conditions. The Certificateholders have no claim or recourse against the Trustee in respect of 
any amount which is or remains unsatisfied and any unsatisfied amounts will be extinguished. 
Following the distribution of the Trust Assets to the Certificateholders in accordance with the Conditions 
and the Master Declaration of Trust, the Trustee shall not be liable for any further sums, and accordingly 
the Certificateholders may not take any action against the Trustee or any other person to recover any such 
sum, in respect of the Certificates or the Trust Assets. 
The Trustee shall not be bound in any circumstances to take any action to enforce or to realise such Trust 
Assets or take any action against QIB under any Transaction Documents to which QIB is a party unless 
directed or requested to do so by the Certificateholders in accordance with the Conditions, and then only to 
the extent indemnified to its satisfaction. 
No Certificateholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against QIB unless: (i) the Trustee, having become 
bound so to proceed, fails to do so within 30 days of becoming so bound and such failure is continuing; and 
(ii) the relevant Certificateholder (or such Certificateholder together with the other Certificateholders who 
propose to proceed directly against QIB) holds at least 20 per cent. of the aggregate face amount of the 
Certificates then outstanding. 
The foregoing is subject to the following: after enforcing or realising such Trust Assets and distributing the 
proceeds of the Trust Assets in accordance with Condition 6(e) (Trust – Operation of Wakala Reserve 
Account), Condition 6(f) (Trust – Operation of Mudaraba Reserve Account) and Condition 6(h) (Trust – 
Application of Proceeds from Trust Assets), the obligations of the Trustee in respect of such Certificates 
shall be satisfied and no Certificateholder may take any further steps against the Trustee to recover any 
further sums in respect of such Certificates and the right to receive any such sums unpaid shall be 
extinguished. Under no circumstances shall the Trustee or any Certificateholder have any right to cause the 
sale or other disposition of any of the Trust Assets except pursuant to the Purchase Undertaking Deed or 
any Sale Agreement, and the sole right of the Trustee and the Certificateholders against QIB shall be to 
enforce the obligation of QIB to pay the Dissolution Amount and any other amounts due under the 
Transaction Documents. 
Certificateholders, by subscribing for or acquiring Certificates, acknowledge that no recourse may 
be had for the payment of any amount owing in respect of any Certificates against the Trustee or the 
Delegate, in any circumstances whatsoever, or the relevant Trust to the extent the relevant Trust 
Assets have been exhausted, following which all obligations of the Trustee or the Delegate and the 
relevant Trust shall be extinguished. 
Certificateholders should note that through, inter alia, the Purchase Undertaking Deed, the Trustee 
and the Delegate will have recourse to QIB and the ability of the Trustee to pay the amounts due in 
respect of the Certificates will ultimately be dependent on QIB.

--- Page 203 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 191 - 
75-41049031 
 
Purchase Undertaking Deed 
An amended and restated purchase undertaking deed will be executed by QIB in favour of the Trustee and 
the Delegate on 13 February 2023 (the "Purchase Undertaking Deed"), which will be governed by English 
law. 
Under the Purchase Undertaking Deed, QIB irrevocably undertakes in favour of the Trustee to purchase 
from the Trustee the relevant Wakala Assets applicable to a Series of Certificates (each undertaking in 
respect of a Series, a "Purchase Undertaking") on (as the case may be): (i) (a) the relevant Scheduled 
Dissolution Date; or (b) any earlier due date following the occurrence of a Dissolution Event, at the Exercise 
Price specified in the Purchase Undertaking Deed; or (ii) the Tangibility Event Redemption Date, at the 
Tangibility Event Exercise Price; or (iii) the Ineligible Wakala Asset Exercise Date, against the transfer and 
conveyance to the Trustee of QIB's interests, title, rights and benefits in, to and under certain new Eligible 
Wakala Assets. In order to exercise these rights, the Trustee (or the Delegate on its behalf) will be required 
to deliver an exercise notice to QIB under the Purchase Undertaking Deed. 
In the case of paragraph (i) above, the Exercise Price payable by QIB upon exercise of the relevant Purchase 
Undertaking shall be an amount equal to: (a) an amount equal to the aggregate face amount of Certificates 
for the relevant Tranche minus (in the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series only) any Final Liquidation 
Proceeds held by the Trustee in the Transaction Account for the payment of the Dissolution Amount upon 
the date of exercise of the Purchase Undertaking Deed; plus (b) an amount equal to any accrued and unpaid 
Periodic Distribution Amounts including any additional amounts payable by the Trustee pursuant to 
Condition 12 less any amounts held by the Trustee in the Transaction Account for the payment of such 
Periodic Distribution Amounts, in each case on the date on which the payment of the Exercise Price is made 
pursuant to the Purchase Undertaking Deed; plus (c) an amount equal to the sum of: (i) any amounts 
repayable but unpaid by the Trustee to the Service Agent under a Liquidity Facility; and (ii) without 
duplication or double counting, any Service Agent Liabilities Amounts and other Priority Amounts; plus 
(d) without duplication or double-counting, any other amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being payable upon the relevant Dissolution Date. 
In the case of paragraph (ii) above, the Tangibility Event Exercise Price payable by QIB upon exercise of 
the relevant Purchase Undertaking shall be an amount equal to: (a) an amount equal to the aggregate face 
amount of Tangibility Event Certificates for the relevant Tranche minus (in the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba 
Series only) any Tangibility Event Liquidation Proceeds held by the Trustee in the Transaction Account 
for the payment of the Tangibility Event Redemption Amount upon the date of exercise of the Purchase 
Undertaking Deed; plus (b) an amount equal to any accrued and unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts 
including any additional amounts payable by the Trustee pursuant to Condition 12 payable in respect of the 
Tangibility Event Certificates less any amounts held by the Trustee in the Transaction Account for the 
payment of such Periodic Distribution Amounts, in each case on the date on which the payment of the 
Tangibility Event Exercise Price is made pursuant to the Purchase Undertaking Deed; plus (c) in respect of 
the relevant Tangibility Event Certificates, an amount equal to the sum of: (i) any amounts repayable but 
unpaid by the Trustee to the Service Agent under a Liquidity Facility; and (ii) without duplication or double 
counting, any Service Agent Liabilities Amounts and other Priority Amounts. 
Any obligation of the Trustee to repay any amounts advanced pursuant to the Liquidity Facility shall be 
set-off against payment by QIB of that portion of the Exercise Price under the Purchase Undertaking Deed 
or Sale Undertaking Deed (as applicable) comprising: (i) any amounts repayable but unpaid by the Trustee 
to the Service Agent under the Liquidity Facility; and (ii) any Management Liabilities Amounts repayable 
but unpaid by the Trustee to the Service Agent in accordance with the terms of the Service Agency 
Agreement. 
QIB will further undertake in the Purchase Undertaking Deed that: (i) if, at the time of delivery of an 
Exercise Notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking Deed, QIB (acting in any 
capacity) holds any benefits, entitlements, rights, title or interest in, or remains in actual or constructive 
possession, custody or control of all or any part of the Trust Assets; and (ii) if, following delivery of an 
Exercise Notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking Deed, QIB fails to pay the 
relevant Exercise Price or Tangibility Event Exercise Price (as the case may be) in accordance with the 
provisions of the Purchase Undertaking Deed for any reason whatsoever thereby resulting in QIB's failure 
to comply with its obligations in accordance with the Purchase Undertaking Deed, QIB shall (as an 
independent, severable and separately enforceable obligation) fully indemnify the Trustee for the purpose 
of redemption in full of the outstanding Certificates of such Series and, accordingly, the amount payable

--- Page 204 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 192 - 
75-41049031 
 
under any such indemnity claim will equal the relevant Exercise Price or Tangibility Event Exercise Price 
(as the case may be). 
QIB agrees in the Purchase Undertaking Deed that all payments by it under the Purchase Undertaking Deed 
will be made without set off or counterclaim of any kind and without any such deduction or withholding 
for or on account of Tax unless required by law and, in the event that there is any deduction or withholding, 
QIB shall pay all additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the Trustee of such net amounts as 
would have been received by it if no withholding or deduction had been made. 
Subject to payment of the Exercise Price in accordance with the Purchase Undertaking Deed, the parties 
will enter into a sale agreement (a "Sale Agreement") to effect the sale and transfer by the Trustee to QIB 
of the relevant Wakala Assets on the Dissolution Date of the relevant Series of Certificates. The specific 
terms applicable to each such sale will be confirmed in the Sale Agreement and the form of each such Sale 
Agreement is scheduled to the Purchase Undertaking Deed. 
Sale Undertaking Deed 
An amended and restated sale undertaking deed will be executed by the Rabb-al-Maal in favour of QIB on 
13 February 2023 (the "Sale Undertaking Deed"), which will be governed by English law. 
Under the Sale Undertaking Deed, the Trustee will irrevocably undertake to QIB to sell and transfer the 
relevant Wakala Assets applicable to a Series of Certificates (each undertaking in respect of a Series, a 
"Sale Undertaking") to QIB in the event of certain tax gross-ups being required, in the event that QIB 
exercises a call option in relation to a Series (the "Optional Dissolution Right") or in the event that QIB 
exercises the Clean Up (Call) Right. 
Under the terms of the Sale Undertaking Deed, and subject to the Trustee being entitled to redeem the 
Certificates upon the occurrence of a Tax Event (as defined in Condition 11(b) (Capital Distributions of 
the Trust – Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons)) or, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
of a Series, the exercise of an Optional Dissolution Right or, the exercise of a Clean Up (Call) Right, QIB 
may (by exercising its right under the Sale Undertaking Deed and delivering an exercise notice to the 
Trustee (with a copy to the Delegate) specifying the Tax Redemption Date, the Optional Dissolution Date 
or the Clean Up Call Dissolution Date (as the case may be), which must not be less than 45 nor more than 
60 days' notice (in the case of an Optional Dissolution Date), not be less than 45 nor more than 90 days' 
notice (in the case of a Tax Redemption Date) or not be less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice (in the 
case of Clean Up Call Dissolution Date) after the date on which the exercise notice is given and (if the 
Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable to 
the particular Series) must also be a Periodic Distribution Date) oblige the Trustee to sell and transfer the 
relevant Wakala Assets at the relevant Exercise Price two Business Days prior to the Tax Redemption Date 
or Optional Dissolution Date, as the case may be. The exercise of QIB's right under the Sale Undertaking 
Deed is subject to the Trustee (or the Delegate on its behalf) not having previously delivered an exercise 
notice under, and as defined in, the Purchase Undertaking Deed. 
The Exercise Price payable by QIB upon exercise of the relevant Sale Undertaking shall be an amount equal 
to the aggregate of: (i) an amount equal to the aggregate face amount of Certificates then outstanding for 
the relevant Series minus (in the case of a Wakala/Mudaraba Series only) any Final Liquidation Proceeds 
upon the date of exercise of the Sale Undertaking; (ii) an amount equal to any accrued and unpaid Periodic 
Distribution Amounts less any amounts held by the Trustee in the Transaction Account for the payment of 
such Periodic Distribution Amounts, in each case on the date on which the payment of the Exercise Price 
is made pursuant to the Sale Undertaking Deed; (iii) an amount equal to the sum of: (1) any amounts 
repayable but unpaid by the Trustee to the Service Agent under a Liquidity Facility; and (2) without 
duplication or double-counting, any other outstanding Management Liabilities Amounts; and (iv) without 
duplication or double-counting, any other amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as being payable 
upon the relevant Dissolution Date. Any obligation of the Trustee to repay any amounts advanced pursuant 
to the Liquidity Facility shall be set-off against payment by QIB of that portion of the Exercise Price under 
the Purchase Undertaking Deed or Sale Undertaking Deed (as applicable) comprising: (i) any amounts 
repayable but unpaid by the Trustee to the Service Agent under the Liquidity Facility; and (ii) any 
Management Liabilities Amounts repayable but unpaid by the Trustee to the Service Agent in accordance 
with the terms of the Service Agency Agreement.

--- Page 205 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 193 - 
75-41049031 
 
QIB agrees in the Sale Undertaking Deed that all payments by it under the Sale Undertaking Deed will be 
made without set off or counterclaim of any kind and without any such deduction or withholding for or on 
account of Tax unless required by law and, in the event that there is any such deduction or withholding, 
QIB shall pay all additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the Trustee of such net amounts as 
would have been received by it if no withholding or deduction had been made. 
Subject to payment of the Exercise Price in accordance with the Sale Undertaking Deed, the parties will 
enter into a Sale Agreement to effect the sale and transfer by the Trustee to QIB of the relevant Wakala 
Assets on the Dissolution Date of the relevant Series of Certificates. The specific terms applicable to each 
such sale will be confirmed in the Sale Agreement and the form of each such Sale Agreement is scheduled 
to the Sale Undertaking Deed. 
Wakala Asset Substitution Undertaking Deed 
An amended and restated wakala asset substitution undertaking deed will be executed by the Trustee (in its 
capacity as Trustee for the Certificateholders) in favour of QIB on 13 February 2023 (the "Wakala Asset 
Substitution Undertaking Deed"), which will be governed by English law. 
Pursuant to the Wakala Asset Substitution Undertaking Deed, the Trustee will, with respect to each Series, 
give a Wakala Asset Substitution Undertaking in favour of QIB pursuant to which the Trustee undertakes, 
upon receipt of a substitution notice, to transfer certain Wakala Assets to QIB in exchange for the receipt 
of certain new Wakala Assets from QIB, on the condition that the Value of the new Wakala Assets is at 
least equal to the Value of the Wakala Assets being substituted on such date. 
Redemption Undertaking Deed 
An amended and restated redemption undertaking deed will be executed by the Trustee in favour of QIB 
on 13 February 2023 (the "Redemption Undertaking Deed"), which will be governed by English law. 
In accordance with the exercise of the right granted under Condition 14(b) (Purchase and Cancellation of 
Certificates – Cancellation of Certificates held by QIB and/or any of its Subsidiaries), the Trustee 
undertakes (each undertaking in respect of a Series, a "Redemption Undertaking"), following the receipt 
of a Cancellation Notice by the Trustee, to cancel any relevant Certificates identified to it by QIB and/or 
any of its subsidiaries and to transfer on any Cancellation Date the Cancellation Wakala Assets, the Value 
of which shall be no greater than the Wakala Percentage of the aggregate outstanding face amount of the 
Cancellation Certificates. 
The exercise of QIB's right under the relevant Redemption Undertaking is subject to: (i) the Trustee (or the 
Delegate on its behalf) not having previously delivered an Exercise Notice under, and as defined in, the 
Purchase Undertaking Deed; and (ii) QIB not having previously delivered an Exercise Notice under, and 
as defined in, the Sale Undertaking Deed. 
Representations of No Immunity 
In each of the Transaction Documents to which QIB is a party, QIB has represented and warranted that it 
has entered into such Transaction Document in connection with the exercise of its powers to raise money. 
Accordingly, QIB has, in each of those Transaction Documents, acknowledged and agreed that the 
transactions contemplated by such Transaction Documents are commercial transactions to the extent that 
QIB may in any jurisdiction claim for itself or any of its assets or revenues immunity from suit, execution, 
attachment (whether in aid of execution, before judgment or otherwise) or other legal process and to the 
extent that such immunity (whether or not claimed) may be attributed in any such jurisdiction to QIB or its 
assets or revenues, QIB has agreed not to claim and has irrevocably and unconditionally waived such 
immunity to the full extent permitted by the laws of such jurisdiction. 
Shari'a Compliance 
Each Transaction Document provides that each of QIB Sukuk Ltd. (to the extent it is a party to the relevant 
Transaction Document) and Qatar Islamic Bank (Q.P.S.C.) (to the extent it is a party to the relevant

--- Page 206 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 194 - 
75-41049031 
 
Transaction Document), as the case may be, agreed that it has accepted the Shari'a compliant nature of the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and, to the extent permitted by law, further agrees that: 
(a) 
it shall not claim that any of its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party 
(or any provision thereof) is ultra vires or not compliant with the principles of Shari'a; 
(b) 
it shall not take any steps or bring any proceedings in any forum to challenge the Shari'a 
compliance of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party; and 
(c) 
none of its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party shall in any way be 
diminished, abrogated, impaired, invalidated or otherwise adversely affected by any finding, 
declaration, pronouncement, order or judgment of any court, tribunal or other body that the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party are not compliant with the principles of Shari'a. 
Waiver of Interest 
Each Transaction Document provides that no interest will be payable or receivable under or in connection 
with the Transaction Documents and in the event that it is determined that any interest is payable or 
receivable in connection with any Transaction Document, whether as a result of any judicial award or by 
operation of any applicable law or otherwise, QIB agrees to waive any rights it may have to claim or receive 
such interest and agrees that if any such interest is actually received by it, it shall promptly donate the same 
to a registered or otherwise officially recognised charitable organisation. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in the Transaction Documents shall be construed as a waiver of rights 
in respect of any Periodic Distribution Amounts, Dissolution Amounts, Exercise Price, Tangibility Event 
Exercise Price, Liquidation Proceeds, Tangibility Event Liquidation Proceeds or profit or principal or other 
amount payable of any kind howsoever described payable by QIB (in any capacity) or the Trustee (in any 
capacity) pursuant to the Transaction Documents and/or the Conditions, howsoever such amounts may be 
described or re-characterised by way of arbitral tribunal.

--- Page 207 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 195 - 
75-41049031 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain Qatar, Cayman Islands and European Union tax 
considerations relating to the Certificates. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax 
considerations relating to the Certificates, whether in those jurisdictions or elsewhere, nor does it address 
the considerations that are dependent on individual circumstances. Prospective purchasers of Certificates 
should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding 
and disposing of Certificates and receiving payments under the Certificates and the consequences of such 
actions under the tax laws of those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date 
of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Qatar 
This general description of taxation in Qatar is based upon: (a) Law No. 24 of 2018 on Income Tax (the 
"Qatar Tax Law"); (b) the Cabinet Resolution No. 39 of 2019 issuing the Executive Regulations of the 
Qatar Tax Law (the "Executive Regulations"); (c) Circular No. 14 of 2019 and other circulars issued by 
the General Tax Authority; (d) the published practices that have been adopted and applied by the General 
Tax Authority in Qatar (previously the Qatar Taxes Department and Public Revenues and Taxes 
Department), each as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus. This general description is subject to any 
subsequent change in the Qatar Tax Law, regulations and practice that may come into force after such date. 
Under the Qatar Tax Law, tax is imposed on income derived from a source in Qatar. Income derived from 
a source in Qatar includes gross income arising from an activity carried on in Qatar, contracts wholly or 
partially performed in Qatar and real estate situated in Qatar and gross income from shares in companies 
resident in Qatar including capital gains arising on the disposal of such shares. The gross income of Qatari 
natural persons resident in Qatar, including their shares in the profits of legal entities, is exempt from Qatar 
tax as is the capital gains: (i) on the disposal of real estate and securities derived by natural persons provided 
that the real estate and securities so disposed of do not form part of the assets of a taxable activity; and 
(ii) arising from the revaluation of assets that are used as in-kind contribution to the capital of another 
shareholding company resident in Qatar provided these shares are at nominal value and are not sold for five 
years. Natural or legal persons deemed subject to income tax in Qatar will either pay tax at the standard 
rate of 10 per cent. on the net taxable income or the tax will be withheld at source from the gross payment 
to be made. 
A withholding tax applies to certain payments made to "non-residents" (as defined in the Qatar Tax Law) 
in respect of activities not connected with a permanent establishment in Qatar. Particularly, the Qatar Tax 
Law specifies a withholding tax rate of 5 per cent. on payments of interest. The Executive Regulations 
provide for certain exemptions to withholding tax on interest payments. These exemptions are: (i) interest 
on deposits in banks in Qatar; (ii) interest on bonds and securities issued by Qatar and public authorities, 
establishments, corporations and companies owned wholly or partly by Qatar; (iii) interest on transactions, 
facilities and loans with banks and financial institutions; and (iv) interest paid by a permanent establishment 
in Qatar to the head office or to an entity related to the head office outside Qatar. 
The provisions of the Qatar Tax Law and the Executive Regulations apply to profit payments made under 
Islamic financial instruments (including sukuk and trust certificates). 
The profit payments received by the Trustee from QIB, acting in any capacity, under the Purchase 
Undertaking, the Sale Undertaking, the Service Agency Agreement or the Restricted Mudaraba Contract 
will be exempt from withholding tax, under (iii) above, on the basis that QIB qualifies as a "bank and 
financial institution". 
There is no stamp duty, capital gains tax or sales tax applicable in Qatar (however, unless specifically 
exempt under the Qatar Tax Law, gains of a capital nature are treated as income and taxed at the same rate 
as income). 
Cayman Islands 
The following is a discussion of certain Cayman Islands tax consequences of an investment in the 
Certificates. The discussion is a general summary of present law, which is subject to prospective and 
retroactive change. It is not intended as tax advice, does not consider any investor's particular

--- Page 208 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 196 - 
75-41049031 
 
circumstances, and does not consider tax consequences other than those arising under Cayman Islands 
law. 
Under existing Cayman Islands laws payments on Certificates to be issued under the Programme will not 
be subject to taxation in the Cayman Islands and no withholding will be required on the payments to any 
holder of Certificates nor will gains derived from the disposal of Certificates be subject to Cayman Islands 
income or corporation tax. The Cayman Islands currently have no income, corporation or capital gains tax 
and no estate duty, inheritance or gift tax. 
The Trustee has obtained an undertaking from the Governor in Cabinet of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to 
the Tax Concessions Law (2011 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, that for a period of 20 years from 2 
October 2012 no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, 
income, gains or appreciation shall apply to the Trustee or its operations and, in addition, that no tax to be 
levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax shall 
be payable on or in respect of the shares, debentures or other obligations (which includes the Certificates) 
of the Trustee or by way of the withholding in whole or in part of any relevant payment (as defined in 
section 6(3) of the Tax Concessions Law (2011 Revision)). No capital or stamp duties are levied in the 
Cayman Islands on the issue or redemption of Certificates. However, an instrument transferring title to any 
Certificates, if brought to or executed in the Cayman Islands, would be subject to Cayman Islands stamp 
duty. An annual registration fee is payable by the Trustee to the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies 
which is calculated by reference to the nominal amount of its authorised capital. At current rates, this annual 
registration fee is approximately U.S.$853.66. The foregoing is based on current law and practice in the 
Cayman Islands and this is subject to change therein. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known 
as "FATCA", a "foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements. The Trustee may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including the Cayman Islands) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a 
foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions 
and IGAs to instruments such as the Certificates, including whether withholding would ever be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Certificates, are 
uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Certificates, such withholding would not apply 
prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru 
payments" are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Certificates characterised as debt (or which are 
not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued 
on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru 
payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of 
FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional Certificates (as 
described under Condition 21 (Further Issues)) that are not distinguishable from previously issued 
Certificates are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under 
FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Certificates, including the Certificates offered prior to the 
expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult 
their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Certificates. In the 
event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the 
Certificates, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate.

--- Page 209 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 197 - 
75-41049031 
 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Certificates (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Certificates should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Certificates 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member 
State in a broad range of circumstances, including: (a) by transacting with a person established in a 
participating Member State; or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued 
in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Certificates are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT.

--- Page 210 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 198 - 
75-41049031 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Certificates may be sold from time to time by the Trustee to any one or more of the Dealers. The 
arrangements under which Certificates may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Trustee to, and 
purchased by, the Dealers are set out in a programme agreement (the "Programme Agreement") dated 13 
February 2023 (the "Programme Agreement") and made between, amongst others, the Trustee, QIB and 
the Dealers. The Programme Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment 
of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Series of Certificates. 
The Trustee and QIB will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of 
Certificates subscribed by it. 
The Trustee and QIB have also agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses incurred in 
connection with any update of the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in 
connection with the offer and sale of the Certificates. 
The Programme Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Certificates in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Certificates being made to the Trustee. 
General 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public 
offering of any of the Certificates, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that, to the best of its knowledge, it shall comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Certificates or possesses, distributes this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. 
Selling restrictions may be modified with the agreement of the Trustee, QIB and the Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms issued in respect of the issue of the Series of Certificates to which it relates or in a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus. 
United States of America 
The Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, as amended, and may 
not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except 
in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it will not offer or sell Certificates: (i) as part of 
their distribution at any time; or (ii) otherwise until the expiration of 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of all Certificates of the Tranche of which such Certificates are a part, as determined and 
certified to the Principal Paying Agent by such Dealer (or, in the case of a Tranche of Certificates sold to 
or through more than one Dealer, by each of such Dealers with respect to Certificates of such Tranche 
purchased by or through it, in which case the Principal Paying Agent shall notify each such Dealer when 
all such Dealers have so certified), within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Certificates during the distribution compliance 
period a confirmation or other notice setting out the restrictions on offers and sales of the Certificates within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation 
S of the Securities Act. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S. 
The Certificates are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S. 
In addition, until the expiration of 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Tranche of 
Certificates, an offer or sale of Certificates within the United States by any dealer (whether or not

--- Page 211 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 199 - 
75-41049031 
 
participating in the offering of such Tranche of Certificates) may violate the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Trustee and QIB for use in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Certificates outside the United States. The Trustee, QIB and the Dealers reserve the right to 
reject any offer to purchase the Certificates, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does 
not constitute an offer to any person in the United States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-
U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United States, is 
unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Trustee of any of its contents to 
any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, is prohibited. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Certificates which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Certificates to the public in the UK: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Trustee and QIB for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Certificates referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Trustee, QIB or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Certificates to the public" in relation to any 
Certificates means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Certificates to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Certificates and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Certificates having a maturity of less than one year: 
(a) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(b) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Certificates other than to persons: 
(1) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(2) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Certificates would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Trustee; 
(ii) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue

--- Page 212 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 200 - 
75-41049031 
 
or sale of any Certificates in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to 
the Trustee and/or QIB; and 
(a) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of 
the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Certificates in, from or 
otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Certificates which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Certificates to the public 
in that Relevant State: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Trustee for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Certificates referred to above shall require the Trustee, QIB or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Certificates to the public" in relation to any 
Certificates in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Certificates to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Certificates and the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Certificates, except for Certificates which are "structured products" as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO") other than: (i) to "professional 
investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances 
which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding 
Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or 
which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Certificates, which is directed at, or the 
contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted 
to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Certificates which are 
or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional 
investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Japan 
The Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Certificates in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph

--- Page 213 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 201 - 
75-41049031 
 
1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act of 1949 (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), 
or to others for reoffering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of 
Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Malaysia 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Securities Commission of Malaysia 
under the CMSA. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Certificates have not been and will 
not be offered or sold, and no invitation to subscribe for or purchase the Certificates has been or will be 
made, directly or indirectly, nor may any document or other material in connection therewith be distributed 
in Malaysia, other than to persons falling within any one of the categories of persons specified under 
Schedule 6 or Section 229(1)(b) and Schedule 7 or Section 230(1)(b) and Schedule 8 or Section 257(3), 
read together with Schedule 9 or Section 257(3) of the CMSA, subject to any law, order, regulation or 
official directive of the Central Bank of Malaysia, the Securities Commission of Malaysia and/or any other 
regulatory authority from time to time. 
Residents of Malaysia may be required to obtain relevant regulatory approvals including approval from the 
Controller of Foreign Exchange to purchase the Certificates. The onus is on the Malaysian residents 
concerned to obtain such regulatory approvals and none of the Dealers is responsible for any invitation, 
offer, sale or purchase of the Certificates as aforesaid without the necessary approvals being in place. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold any Certificates or caused such Certificates to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell such Certificates or cause such Certificates to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or 
distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of such Certificates, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than: (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to 
Section 274 of the SFA; (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to 
Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with 
the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with 
the conditions of, any other applicable provisions of the SFA. 
Where the Certificates are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Certificates pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;

--- Page 214 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 202 - 
75-41049031 
 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Certificates to be issued under the Programme have not been and 
will not be offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in the United Arab Emirates other than in 
compliance with any laws applicable in the United Arab Emirates governing the issue, offering and sale of 
securities. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Certificates to be issued under 
the Programme to any person in the Dubai International Financial Centre unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT) module of the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the "DFSA") rulebook; and 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the "Professional Client" criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the DFSA 
Conduct of Business Module of the DFSA rulebook. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering of 
the Certificates. Any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a "Saudi 
Investor") who acquires any Certificates pursuant to an offering should note that the offer of Certificates 
is a private placement under the "Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations" as issued by 
the Board of the Capital Market Authority (the "CMA") resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 27 December 
2017, as amended by CMA resolution number 8-5-2023 dated 18 January 2023 (the "KSA Regulations"), 
made through an authorised person licensed to carry out arranging activities by the CMA, in accordance 
with the KSA Regulations. 
The Certificates may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
other than to, in accordance with the KSA Regulations. Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that any offer of 
Certificates made by it to a Saudi Investor will be made in compliance with the KSA Regulations. 
Each offer of Certificates shall not therefore constitute a "public offer", an "exempt offer" or a "parallel 
market offer" pursuant to the KSA Regulations, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary market 
activity under the KSA Regulations. Any Saudi Investor who has acquired Certificates pursuant to a private 
placement under the KSA Regulations may not offer or sell those Certificates to any person unless the offer 
or sale is made in compliance with the restrictions on secondary market activity under the KSA Regulations. 
Kingdom of Bahrain 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Certificates, 
except on a private placement basis, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain who are "accredited investors". 
For this purpose, an "accredited investor" means: 
(a) 
an individual holding financial assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000 or 
more (excluding that person's principal place of residence); 
(b) 
a company, partnership, trust or other commercial undertaking which has financial assets available 
for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or

--- Page 215 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 203 - 
75-41049031 
 
(c) 
a government, supranational organisation, central bank or other national monetary authority or a 
state organisation whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension 
fund). 
Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, delivered or sold, and will not offer, sell or deliver 
at any time, directly or indirectly, any Certificates in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial 
Centre), except: (a) in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of the State of Qatar (including 
the Qatar Financial Centre); and (b) through persons or corporate entities authorised and licensed to provide 
investment advice and/or engage in brokerage activity and/or trade in respect of foreign securities in the 
State of Qatar. This Base Prospectus: (i) has not been, and will not be, registered with or approved by the 
Qatar Financial Markets Authority, the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange or the Qatar 
Financial Centre Regulatory Authority and may not be publicly distributed in the State of Qatar (including 
the Qatar Financial Centre); (ii) is intended for the original recipient only and must not be provided to any 
other person; and (iii) is not for general circulation in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial 
Centre) and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. 
Cayman Islands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not and shall not make any invitation, whether directly or 
indirectly, to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe for any Certificates.

--- Page 216 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 204 - 
75-41049031 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment and update of the Programme and the issuance of Certificates thereunder was duly 
authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Trustee dated 25 September 2012 and 10 
February 2023, respectively. Each of the Trustee and QIB has obtained or will obtain from time to time all 
necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the establishment and update of the 
Programme and the issue and performance of the Certificates and the entry into and performance of the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party. The entry into the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party was authorised by a resolution of the equity holders of QIB dated 16 September 2012 and a resolution 
of the board of directors of QIB dated 15 September 2012. 
Approval of Base Prospectus, Admission to Trading and Listing of Certificates 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under the 
EU Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an endorsement of the Trustee or QIB 
or of the quality of the Certificates. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Certificates. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Certificates issued under the Programme during the 12 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on 
the Regulated Market. The approval of the Certificates to be issued under the Programme is expected to be 
granted on or around 13 February 2023. It is expected that each Tranche of Certificates which is to be 
admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and 
when issued, subject only to the issue of a Global Certificate initially representing the Certificates of such 
Tranche. Prior to official listing and admission to trading, however, dealings will be permitted by Euronext 
Dublin in accordance with its rules. Transactions on the Regulated Market will normally be effected for 
delivery on the third working day after the day of the transaction. However, Certificates may be issued 
pursuant to the Programme which may not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation on any stock 
exchange and/or quotation system or which will be listed on such other or further stock exchanges and/or 
quotation systems as the Trustee, QIB and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Trustee in relation 
to the Certificates and is not itself seeking admission of the Certificates to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin or to trading on the Regulated Market for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Neither the Trustee, QIB or any member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which the 
Trustee or QIB is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have 
or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Trustee, 
QIB or the Group. 
Significant/Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of QIB or the Group 
since 31 December 2022 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of QIB or the 
Group since 31 December 2022. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position, or material adverse 
change in the prospects of the Trustee since the date of its incorporation. 
Condition for Determining Price 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Certificates will be determined, before filing of the relevant 
Final Terms of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions. The Trustee does not intend to 
provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Certificates.

--- Page 217 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 205 - 
75-41049031 
 
Independent Auditors 
The auditor of QIB for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022 was Ernst and Young (Qatar Branch) 
("EY") located in the 24th Floor, Burj Al Gassar , Majlis Al Taawon Street, Onaiza West Bay, Doha, P.O. 
Box 164, State of Qatar. Ernst & Young (Qatar) is a firm registered with the Ministry of Commerce and 
Industry, in the State of Qatar as a branch of Ernst and Young - Middle East and is a member firm of the 
global network of Ernst & Young member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. EY has audited, 
and rendered an unmodified audit report on QIB's consolidated financial statements as at and for the years 
ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022, in accordance with International Standards on Auditing 
(ISA). 
Since the date of its incorporation, no financial statements of the Trustee have been prepared. The Trustee 
is not required by Cayman Islands law, and does not intend, to publish audited financial statements. 
Documents on Display 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies (and English translations 
where the documents in question are not in English) of the following documents will, when published, be 
available for inspection from the registered office of the Trustee and from the specified office of the 
Principal Paying Agent for the time being in London (or upon receipt of satisfactory proof of holding, 
delivered via email): 
(a) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Trustee and QIB; 
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of QIB for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 
2022, together with the audit reports prepared in connection therewith; 
(c) 
the Transaction Documents in relation to each Series (save that such documents relating to a Series 
which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA (which, for these purposes, 
includes the UK) nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the EU Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by, or delivery 
via email to, a holder of such Certificate and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the 
Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent as to its holding of the relevant Certificate and identity); 
(d) 
the Final Terms in relation to each Series (save that such Final Terms relating to a Series which is 
neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA (which, for these purposes, includes 
the UK) nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under the EU Prospectus Regulation will not be available on QIB's website (as set out below) and 
will only be available for inspection by, or delivery via email to, a holder of such Certificate and 
such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent as 
to its holding of the relevant Certificate and identity); and 
(e) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
Base Prospectus. 
The documents listed above will also be available on https://www.qib.com.qa. In addition, the Final Terms 
for Certificates that are listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market and, for 
a period of 12 months only from the date hereof, this Base Prospectus will be published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin/bonds/list). 
Websites 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Information 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Clearing Systems 
The Certificates are intended to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or the CMU (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records).

--- Page 218 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 206 - 
75-41049031 
 
The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) 
the identification number of any other relevant Clearing System will be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium, the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg and the address of the CMU is 
55th Floor, Two International Financial Centre, 8 Finance Street, Central, Hong Kong. The address of any 
alternative clearing system will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Trustee is 549300XDP1VCBZLCP049. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of QIB is 254900CFGPXJI71OHT95. 
Dealers transacting with QIB and its Subsidiaries 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to QIB and its Subsidiaries and/or 
their affiliates in the ordinary course of business for which they have received, and for which they may in 
the future receive, fees. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank financings) for their own account and for the accounts 
of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of 
QIB or QIB's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a financing relationship with QIB 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to QIB consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Certificates issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of Certificates issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also 
make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 219 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 207 - 
75-41049031 
 
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT DIFFERENCES BETWEEN THE FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING 
STANDARDS ISSUED BY AAOIFI AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING 
STANDARDS 
The 2022 Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with FAS issued by AAOIFI, as modified 
by the QCB. The 2021 Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with FAS issued by AAOIFI, 
as modified by the QCB. For matters for which no AAOIFI standards exist, the Group applies IFRS. 
The Financial Statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for investment securities 
classified as "Investments at fair value through equity", "Investments at fair value through income 
statement", "Shari'a compliant risk management instruments" and "investment properties" (measured at fair 
value) and certain financing assets classified as "fair value through income statement". 
AAOIFI – FAS differs from IFRS in certain respects. Accordingly, QIB has prepared as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus a narrative summary of the significant differences between FAS as applied by QIB in the 
Financial Statements and IFRS in so far as they relate to the significant accounting policies adopted by 
QIB. 
EY has not performed any audit, review or other procedures including any reconciliation in respect of the 
summary of differences described below. 
QIB has not performed a reconciliation of its Financial Statements to IFRS, nor has it quantified such 
differences nor does QIB undertake to identify all such differences. Had QIB undertaken any such 
quantification or reconciliation, other accounting and disclosure differences may have come to QIB's 
attention that are not identified below. 
The differences discussed below relate to the significant differences that impact amounts recorded in the 
Financial Statements rather than differences in presentation or disclosure. The differences described below 
are not exhaustive, as there are differences between the application of AAOIFI (FAS) and IFRS to Islamic 
financial contracts (including, but not limited to, Murabaha, Ijarah and Wakala). 
Unrestricted Investment Accounts 
QIB accepts funds from its retail and commercial clients (depositors) in the form of Mudaraba/Wakala 
Unrestricted Investment Accounts ("URIA") deposits which are funds managed on the client's behalf. 
In accordance with AAOIFI – FAS 1, URIA are disclosed and presented in the statement of financial 
position as a quasi-equity between total liabilities and equity. Under IFRS, URIA would be presented on 
the face of the statement of financial position as a liability. 
Investment Securities 
Investments in equity-type instruments are classified into the following categories: (i) as investments 
carried at fair value through income statement or (ii) at fair value through equity. 
Unrealised gains or losses arising from a change in the fair value of investments classified as fair value 
through equity are recognised directly in the fair value reserve under equity attributable to equity holders 
of QIB, which is then distributed between fair value reserve and the unrestricted investment deposit 
accounts until the investment is sold, collected or otherwise disposed of or the investment is determined to 
be impaired. In other words, the fair value reserves attributable to equity holders of QIB are recognised 
under statement of changes in equity, and the fair value reserves attributable to unrestricted investment 
accounts are included in the balance for unrestricted investment account holders as disclosed in Note 21 to 
the 2022 Financial Statements. When the investments classified as fair value through equity are sold, 
impaired, collected or otherwise disposed of, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in the 
consolidated statement of changes in equity is transferred to the consolidated statement of income. 
Under IFRS, the unrealised gains or losses arising from a change in the fair value of investments classified 
as fair value through other comprehensive income are recognised under the other comprehensive income 
statement.

--- Page 220 ---
10250860379-v17 
- 208 - 
75-41049031 
 
One of the differences in FAS 30 is the retention of "significant or prolonged decline in the fair value of an 
investment below its cost" as an objective evidence of impairment for investments carried at fair value 
through equity, whereas such criteria does not exist in IFRS 9. 
However, pursuant to the adoption of QCB Circular 13/2020 with effect from 28 April 2020, the Group has 
amended its policy relating to the measurement of equity-type instruments classified as fair value through 
equity in the 2022 Financial Statements. The amended policy states that the Group may elect to present in 
statement of changes in equity changes in the fair value of certain investments in equity-type instruments 
that are not held for trading. The election is made on an instrument by instrument basis on initial recognition 
and is irrevocable. Gains and losses on such equity-type instruments are never subsequently reclassified to 
consolidated income statement, including on disposal. The fair value reserves attributable to equity holders 
of QIB are recognised under statement of changes in equity, and the fair value reserves attributable to 
unrestricted investment accounts are included in the balance for unrestricted investment account holders. 
However, cumulative gains and losses recognised in fair value reserve are transferred to retained earnings 
on disposal of an investment. 
Murabaha and Musawama Contracts 
FAS 28 "Murabaha and Other Deferred Payment Sales" supersedes the earlier FAS 2 "Murabaha and 
Murabaha to the Purchase Orderer" and FAS 20 "Deferred Payment Sales". This standard aims at setting 
out the accounting rules for measurement, recognition and disclosure of the transactions of Murabaha and 
other deferred payment sales. Overall approach towards the development of the standard is to bring the 
standard closer to the international best practices of accounting such as IFRS 9 "Financial Instruments", 
without compromising on the Sharia principles and rules. Under AAOIFI, "Murabaha and Other Deferred 
Payment Sales instruments" are treated as sale transactions at cost plus deferred profit model with deferred 
profit, sales and cost of sales disclosed separately whereas under IFRS, these transactions are treated as 
debt type instruments measured at amortised cost. 
Wakala Contracts 
The objective of FAS 31 "Investment Agency (Al-Wakala Bi Al-Istithmar)" is to establish the principles of 
accounting and financial reporting for the investment agency (Al-Wakala Bi Al-Istithmar) instruments and 
the related assets and obligations from both the principal (investor) and the agent perspectives. For Wakala 
investments (asset-side), it refers to follow the accounting as per the contract underlying the Wakala 
transaction or apply the equity method of accounting. 
It allows recognition of Wakala Instruments either on-balance sheet or off-balance sheet in the books of 
agent depending upon the terms of the transactions unlike IFRS. 
Ijarah Muntahia Bittamleek 
With regard to their structure, the Ijarah Muntahia Bittamleek leases are recorded as operating leases. Under 
AAOIFI, leased assets in the books of the Bank are presented at original cost less accumulated depreciation 
and accumulated impairment, if any up to the date of financial position, and income is allocated 
proportionately to the financial periods of the lease term in the books of lessor. Under IFRS, the leased 
assets are presented at amounts disbursed less repayments and income is accrued since inception of the 
lease. 
Investment Property 
Investment property held for rental or capital appreciation is measured at fair value with the resulting 
unrealised gains being recognised in the statement of changes in equity under fair value reserve. Any 
unrealised losses resulting from re-measurement at fair value is recognised in the consolidated statement of 
financial position under fair value reserve to the extent of available balance. 
However, under IFRS, the unrealised gains or losses arising from a change in the fair value of investment 
property are recognised in profit or loss for the period in which it arises.

--- Page 221 ---
10250860379-v17 
 
75-41049031 
 
TRUSTEE AND RABB-AL-MAAL 
QIB Sukuk Ltd. 
c/o MaplesFS Limited 
P.O. Box 1093 Queensgate House 
Grand Cayman KY1-1102 
Cayman Islands 
QIB, MUDARIB AND SERVICE AGENT 
Qatar Islamic Bank (Q.P.S.C.) 
Grand Hamad Street 
P.O. Box 559 
Doha 
State of Qatar 
DELEGATE 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
CMU LODGING AND PAYING AGENT AND CMU REGISTRAR 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch 
Level 52 International Commerce Centre 
1 Austin Road West, 
Kowloon 
Hong Kong 
 
ARRANGERS AND DEALERS 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
QInvest LLC 
Tornado Tower, 39th Floor 
West Bay, Doha 
P.O. Box 26222 
State of Qatar 
Standard Chartered Bank 
7th Floor, Building One 
Gate Precinct 
Dubai International Financial 
Centre 
P.O. Box 999 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates

--- Page 222 ---
10250860379-v17 
 
75-41049031 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Trustee as to Cayman Islands law 
To QIB as to Qatar and English law 
Maples and Calder (Dubai) LLP 
Level 14, Burj Daman 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 119980 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Simmons & Simmons Middle East LLP 
24th Floor, Tornado Tower 
Majlis Al Taawon Street 
P.O. Box 23540 
Doha 
State of Qatar 
To the Arrangers and Dealers as to English Law 
To the Delegate as to English Law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Level 15, Burj Daman 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 9380 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO QATAR ISLAMIC BANK (Q.P.S.C.) 
Ernst & Young (Qatar Branch) 
24th Floor, Burj Al Gassar 
Majlis Al Taawon Street, Onaiza West Bay 
Doha, P.O.Box 164, State of Qatar 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland