--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
QNB FİNANSBANK A.Ș. 
US$5,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this Global Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), QNB Finansbank A.Ș., a banking institution organised as a joint stock company under the 
laws of the Republic of Türkiye (“Türkiye”) and registered with the İstanbul Trade Registry under number 237525 (the “Bank” or the “Issuer”), may from time to time issue 
notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below) or investor(s). 
Notes may be issued in either bearer or registered form (respectively, “Bearer Notes” and “Registered Notes”); provided that the Notes may be offered and sold in 
the United States only in registered form except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. As of the time of each issuance of Notes, the maximum aggregate 
nominal amount of all Notes outstanding under the Programme will not exceed US$5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the 
Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued from time to time to: (a) one or more of the Dealers specified under “General Description of the Programme - The Programme” and any 
additional Dealer(s) appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis, 
and/or (b) one or more investor(s) purchasing Notes (or beneficial interests therein) directly from the Issuer. 
INVESTING IN THE NOTES INVOLVES RISKS. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD CONSIDER THE FACTORS SET FORTH UNDER “RISK 
FACTORS” FOR A DISCUSSION OF CERTAIN OF THESE RISKS. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), of the United States of America (the 
“United States” or “U.S.”) or any other U.S. federal or state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. 
person (“U.S. person”) as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) except to “qualified institutional buyers” (“QIBs”) within the meaning of Rule 
144A under the Securities Act (“Rule 144A”) in a transaction satisfying the conditions of Rule 144A or unless another exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of the United States and each applicable state or other jurisdiction of the United States. See 
“Form of the Notes” for a description of the manner in which Notes will be issued. For a description of certain restrictions on the sale and transfer of investments in the Notes, 
see “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” Where the “United States” is referenced herein with respect to Regulation S, such shall have the meaning provided thereto in Rule 902 
of Regulation S. 
This base prospectus (this “Base Prospectus”) has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject 
of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) and/or that are to be offered to the public in any member state 
(a “Member State”) of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) in circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. Application has been made to the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to its official list (the “Official List”) and to trading on its regulated market (the “Regulated Market”). The Regulated Market is a regulated market 
for the purposes of MiFID II. This Base Prospectus (as supplemented from time to time, if applicable) is valid until 26 April 2024 in relation to Notes that are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. In case of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information in this Base Prospectus that 
may affect the assessment of a Series of Notes and that arises or is noted between the date of this Base Prospectus and the closing of the offer period or the time when trading 
on a regulated market begins for such Series, whichever occurs later, such shall be mentioned in a supplement to this Base Prospectus without undue delay in accordance with 
Article 23(1) of the Prospectus Regulation. In accordance with Article 21(8) of the Prospectus Regulation, the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of 
significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
References in this Base Prospectus to any Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market. 
Application has been made to the Capital Markets Board (the “CMB”) of Türkiye, in its capacity as competent authority under Law No. 6362 (the “Capital Markets 
Law”) of Türkiye relating to capital markets, for its approval of the issuance and sale of Notes by the Bank outside of Türkiye. No Notes may be sold before the necessary 
approvals are obtained from the CMB. The CMB approval based upon which any offering of the Notes may be conducted was obtained on 10 June 2022 and, to the extent 
(and in the form) required by applicable law, a written approval of the CMB in relation to each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be required to be obtained on or 
before the issue date (an “Issue Date”) of such Tranche of Notes. Unless the Bank obtains the necessary new approvals from the CMB, the aggregate debt instrument amount 
issued under such approval (whether issued under the Programme or otherwise) cannot exceed US$5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Under current Turkish tax law, withholding tax might apply to payments of interest on the Notes. See “Taxation - Certain Turkish Tax Considerations.” 
Notice of the aggregate principal amount of a Tranche of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of such Notes, the issue price of such Notes and certain other 
information that is applicable to such Notes will be set out in a final terms document (for a Tranche, its “Final Terms”). With respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin 
or any other regulated market in the EEA, the applicable Final Terms will be filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin or the competent authority for such 
other market, as applicable. For so long as any Notes are admitted to the Official List, copies of the Final Terms for such Notes will also be published on the Issuer’s website 
at https://www.qnbfinansbank.com/en/investor-relations/financial-information. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed and/or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or (in the case of Notes purchased directly from the Issuer by one or more investor(s)) the relevant investor(s) (as set out 
in the applicable Final Terms). The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Programme has been rated “B-” (for long-term issuances) and “B” (for short-term issuances) by Fitch Ratings Limited (“Fitch”) and “B3” (for long-term 
issuances) and “Not Prime” (for short-term issuances) by Moody’s Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s” and, with Fitch, the “Rating Agencies”). The Bank has also been 
rated by the Rating Agencies as set out on page 84 of this Base Prospectus. Please see such page with respect to the Rating Agencies’ registration and/or endorsement in the 
United Kingdom (the “UK”) and/or the European Union (the “EU”), as applicable. Series of Notes may either be rated by any rating agency (including by any one or more of 
the Rating Agencies) or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated (other than in the case of unsolicited ratings), the initial such rating(s) will be disclosed in the Final Terms 
for such Tranche and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned by the applicable rating agency to the Notes of other Series or (if rated by Fitch and/or Moody’s) 
the rating described above. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Arranger 
Standard Chartered Bank 
Dealers 
Bank ABC
Citigroup
Commerzbank
Deutsche Bank
HSBC
ING
J.P. Morgan
Mizuho
Morgan Stanley
QNB Capital 
Société Générale 
Corporate & Investment Banking
Standard Chartered Bank 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 26 April 2023.

--- Page 2 ---
i 
 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. This 
document does not constitute a prospectus for the purposes of Section 12(a)(2) of, or any other provision of or rule 
under, the Securities Act.  
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in (including incorporated by reference into) this Base 
Prospectus and, for each Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, such 
information is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
The Issuer confirms that: (a) this Base Prospectus (including the information incorporated by reference herein) 
contains all information that in its view is material in the context of the issuance and offering of the Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein), (b) the information contained in (including incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus is true and accurate 
in all material respects and is not misleading, (c) any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed in this Base Prospectus 
(including in any of the documents (or applicable portions thereof) incorporated by reference herein) on the part of the Issuer 
are honestly held or made by the Issuer and are not misleading in any material respects, and there are no other facts the omission 
of which would make this Base Prospectus or any of such information or the expression of any such opinions, predictions or 
intentions misleading in any material respect, and (d) all reasonable enquiries have been made by the Issuer to ascertain such 
facts and to verify the accuracy of all such information and statements. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents that are (or portions of which are) incorporated 
by reference herein (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the 
basis that such documents (or the applicable portions thereof) are incorporated into, and form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
To the full extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers, the Arrangers, the Agents or any of their respective affiliates 
accept any responsibility for: (a) the information contained in (including incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus 
or any other information provided by (or on behalf of) the Issuer in connection with the Programme or an issue and offering of 
Notes (or beneficial interests therein), (b) any statement consistent with this Base Prospectus made, or purported to be made, 
by a Dealer or an Arranger or on its behalf in connection with the Programme or an issue and offering of Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) or (c) any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other Person (as defined in Condition 5.4) in connection with 
the Programme or an issue and offering of Notes (or beneficial interests therein). Each Dealer and Arranger accordingly 
disclaims (including on behalf of their respective affiliates) all and any liability that it might otherwise have (whether in tort, 
contract or otherwise) in respect of the accuracy or completeness of any such information or statements. The Arrangers and 
Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme 
or to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
In connection with the Programme or an issue and offering of Notes, no Person is or has been authorised by the Issuer 
to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied by (or with the consent of) the Issuer and, if given or made, such information or representation must not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Arrangers or Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied by (or on behalf of) the Issuer, any of the Arrangers 
or Dealers or any of their respective affiliates in connection with the Programme or any Notes: (a) is intended to provide the 
basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, any of the Arrangers or 
Dealers or any of their respective affiliates that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any such other information should 
invest in any Notes. Each investor contemplating investing in any Note should: (i) determine for itself the relevance of the 
information contained in (including incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus, (ii) make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and (iii) make 
its own determination of the suitability of any such investment in light of its own circumstances, with particular reference to 
its own investment objectives and experience, and any other factors that are relevant to it in connection with such investment, 
in each case, based upon such investigation as it deems necessary.

--- Page 3 ---
ii 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor, except to the extent explicitly stated therein, any other information supplied by (or 
on behalf of) the Issuer or any of the Arrangers or Dealers in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by (or on behalf of) the Issuer, any of the Arrangers or Dealers or any of their respective 
affiliates to any Person to subscribe for or purchase any Notes (or beneficial interests therein). This Base Prospectus is intended 
only to provide information to assist potential investors in deciding whether or not to subscribe for, or invest in, the Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained in (including incorporated by reference into) this Base 
Prospectus is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof (or, if such information is stated to be as of an earlier date, 
subsequent to such earlier date) or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any 
time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and/or the offer or sale of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) might be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. None of the Issuer, the Arrangers or the Dealers represent that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may be lawfully offered, in any such jurisdiction 
or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the 
Issuer that is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, any advertisement or any other material relating to the Programme in any jurisdiction in which action for that 
purpose is required. Accordingly: (a) no Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, 
and (b) neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other material relating to the Programme may be distributed or 
published in any jurisdiction except, in each case, under circumstances that will result in compliance with all applicable laws. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) come(s) must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus, any advertisement or other 
material relating to the Programme and the offering and/or sale of Notes (or beneficial interests therein). In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer and/or sale of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) in 
(inter alia) Türkiye, the United States, the EEA (including Belgium), the UK, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), the 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC (“Hong Kong”), Singapore, Japan, Switzerland and Thailand. See 
“Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” 
In making an investment decision with respect to any Notes, investors must rely upon their own examination of the 
Issuer and the terms of the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) being offered, including the merits and risks involved. The 
Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) of the United States or 
any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States and, other than the approvals of the Banking 
Regulation and Supervision Agency (in Turkish: Bankacılık Düzenleme ve Denetleme Kurumu) (the “BRSA”) of Türkiye, the 
CMB and the Central Bank of Ireland described herein, have not been approved or disapproved by any securities commission 
or other regulatory authority in Türkiye or any other jurisdiction, nor has any such authority (other than the Central Bank of 
Ireland to the extent described herein) approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary might be unlawful. 
None of the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Issuer or any of their respective affiliates, counsel or other representatives 
makes any representation to any actual or potential investor in the Notes regarding the legality under any law of its investment 
in the Notes. Any investor in the Notes should ensure that it is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for 
an indefinite period of time. 
The Notes might not be a suitable investment for all investors. As noted above, each potential investor contemplating 
making an investment in the Notes must make its own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes in light of its 
own circumstances, with particular reference to its own investment objectives and experience, and any other factors that are 
relevant to it in connection with such investment, in each case, based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. In 
particular, each potential investor in the Notes should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other 
professional advisors, whether it: 
(a) has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the applicable Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in such Notes and the information contained in (including incorporated by reference into) 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement hereto,

--- Page 4 ---
iii 
 
(b) has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
circumstances, an investment in the applicable Notes and the impact such investment will have on its overall 
investment portfolio, 
(c) has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the applicable 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currency(ies) or where the currency for 
principal and/or interest payments is different from such potential investor’s currency, 
(d) understands thoroughly the terms of the applicable Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets, and 
(e) is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that might affect its 
investment in the Notes and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations might restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are 
subject to laws and/or to review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor in the Notes should consult its legal 
advisors to determine whether and to what extent: (a) Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are legal investments for it, (b) its 
investment in the Notes can be used by it as collateral for various types of borrowing and (c) other restrictions apply to its 
purchase, holding or pledge of any Notes (or beneficial interests therein). Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of their investments in the Notes under any 
applicable risk-based capital or other rules. Each potential investor in the Notes should consult its own advisors as to the legal, 
tax, business, financial and related aspects of an investment in the Notes. 
The 
Issuer 
has 
obtained 
the 
CMB 
approval 
letter 
(dated 
10 June 
2022 
and 
numbered 
E-29833736-105.02.02.02-22658) and the CMB approved issuance certificates (in Turkish: onaylanmış ihraç belgeleri) (dated 
10 June 2022 and numbered 107/BA-850 (for sustainable/green issuances) and dated 10 June 2022 and numbered 106/BA-850 
(for other debt instruments)) (together, the “CMB Approval”) based upon which any offering of the Notes might be conducted. 
The Issuer has also obtained the BRSA approval letter (numbered E-32521522-101.01.05[31]-48797) (the “BRSA Approval” 
and, with the CMB Approval, the “Programme Approvals”) required for the issuance of Notes under the Programme. The 
maximum principal amount of securities that the Bank can issue under the CMB Approval is US$5,000,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) (US$1,000,0000,000 for sustainable/green issuances issued per the Green Debt Instruments, 
Sustainable Debt Instruments, Green Lease Certificates, Sustainable Lease Certificates Guide published by the CMB on 
24 February 2022) and US$4,000,0000,000 for other issuances in aggregate (the “Approved Issuance Limit”); provided that, as 
per the BRSA Approval, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of debt instruments denominated in Turkish Lira issued 
by the Issuer (whether under these approvals or otherwise) may not exceed TL 10,000,000,000. It should be noted that, 
regardless of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of Notes or the amount permitted to be issued under the Programme, 
unless the Bank obtains new approval(s) from the CMB, the aggregate principal amount of securities issued under the CMB 
Approval (whether issued under the Programme or otherwise) cannot exceed the Approved Issuance Limit. In addition to the 
Programme Approvals, but only to the extent (and in the form) required by applicable law, an approval of the CMB in respect 
of each Tranche of Notes is required to be obtained by the Issuer on or before the Issue Date of such Tranche, which date will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The scope of the Programme Approvals might be amended and/or new approvals 
from the CMB and/or the BRSA might be obtained from time to time. The Notes issued under the Programme prior to the 
respective dates of the Programme Approvals were issued under previously existing BRSA and CMB approvals. 
Pursuant to the Programme Approvals, the offer, sale and issue of Notes under the Programme have been authorised 
and approved in accordance with Decree No. 32 on the Protection of the Value of the Turkish Currency (as amended, 
“Decree 32”), the Banking Law No. 5411 of 2005 (as amended, the “Banking Law”), and its related law, the Capital Markets 
Law and the Communiqué on Debt Instruments No. VII-128.8 of the CMB (as amended, the “Debt Instruments Communiqué”) 
and its related law. The Notes issued under the Programme prior to the date of the CMB Approval were issued under previously 
existing CMB approvals. 
In addition, in accordance with the Programme Approvals, the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may only be 
offered or sold outside of Türkiye. Under the Programme Approvals, the BRSA and the CMB have authorised the offering, 
sale and issue of the Notes on the condition that no transaction that qualifies as a sale or offering of Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) in Türkiye may be engaged in. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the BRSA decisions dated 6 May 2010 
(No. 3665) and 30 September 2010 (No. 3875) and in accordance with Decree 32, residents of Türkiye: (a) may, in the

--- Page 5 ---
iv 
 
secondary markets only, purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests therein) denominated in a currency other than Turkish 
Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis, and (b) may, in both the primary and secondary markets, 
purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests therein) denominated in Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited 
(reverse inquiry) basis; provided that, for each of clauses (a) and (b), such purchase or sale is made through licensed banks 
authorised by the BRSA or licensed brokerage institutions authorised pursuant to CMB regulations and the purchase price is 
transferred through such licensed banks. As such, Turkish residents should use such licensed banks or such licensed brokerage 
institutions when purchasing Notes (or beneficial interests therein) and should transfer the purchase price through such licensed 
banks. The requirements in this paragraph are herein referred to as the “Turkish Purchase Requirements.” 
Potential investors should note that, under the Central Securities Depositaries Regulation of the EU, a trade in the 
secondary markets within the EU might be required to settle in two applicable business days unless the parties to such trade 
expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, investors who wish to trade interests in Notes in the EU on the trade date relating to 
such Notes or the next business day will likely be required, by virtue of the fact that the Notes initially will likely settle on a 
settlement cycle longer than such number of days, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to 
prevent a failed settlement. 
Monies paid for the purchase of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are not protected by the insurance coverage 
provided by the Savings Deposit Insurance Fund (in Turkish: Tasarruf Mevduatı Sigorta Fonu) (the “SDIF”) of Türkiye. 
Pursuant to the Debt Instruments Communiqué, the Issuer is required to notify the Central Securities Depository of 
Türkiye (in Turkish: Merkezi Kayıt Kuruluşu A.Ş.) (trade name: Central Registry İstanbul (in Turkish: Merkezi Kayıt İstanbul)) 
(“Central Registry İstanbul”) within three İstanbul business days from the applicable Issue Date of a Tranche of Notes of the 
amount, Issue Date, ISIN (if any), interest commencement date, maturity date, interest rate, name of the custodian and currency 
of such Notes and the country of issuance. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend titled “MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE” that 
will outline the target market assessment of the applicable manufacturer(s) in respect of such Notes and which channels for 
distribution of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are appropriate. In those cases, any Person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment of such manufacturer(s); however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment of such manufacturer(s)) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the product governance rules 
under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein) is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein), but otherwise none of 
the Arrangers, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend titled “UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE” that 
will outline the target market assessment of the applicable manufacturer(s) in respect of such Notes and which channels for 
distribution of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are appropriate. In those cases, any distributor should take into 
consideration the target market assessment of such manufacturer(s); however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment of such manufacturer(s)) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes (or beneficial interests therein), but otherwise none of the Arrangers, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates will 
be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 6 ---
v 
 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest Amounts payable in respect of Floating Rate Notes might be calculated by reference to the following 
benchmark reference rates that are provided by the following benchmark administrators (each a “Benchmark Administrator”): 
Benchmark Reference Rates 
Benchmark Administrator 
SONIA.................................................
Bank of England
SOFR ...................................................
Federal Reserve Bank of New York
EURIBOR............................................
European Money Markets Institute 
TLREF.................................................
TLREF Committee(1)
HIBOR.................................................
Hong Kong Treasury Markets Association
ROBOR ...............................................
National Bank of Romania
PRIBOR...............................................
Czech Financial Benchmark Facility s.r.o.
SIBOR .................................................
ABS Benchmarks Administration Co Pte. Ltd.
NIBOR.................................................
Norske Finansielle Referanser AS
WIBOR................................................
Warsaw Stock Exchange
CNH HIBOR .......................................
Hong Kong Treasury Markets Association
__________________________________________________________ 
(1) 
TLREF Committee (in Turkish: TLREF Komitesi) includes a member from each of the Central Bank, the Turkish Treasury, the Banks 
Association of Türkiye, the Turkish Capital Markets Association (in Turkish: Türkiye Sermaye Piyasaları Birliği), the BRSA, the İstanbul 
Settlement and Custody Bank (in Turkish: İstanbul Takas ve Saklama Bankası A.Ş.) and the Borsa İstanbul. 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Floating Rate Notes will specify whether or not the applicable 
Benchmark Administrator appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks (the “Register of Administrators”) 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011) of 8 June 2016 (as amended, the “Benchmarks Regulation”). As of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, European Money Markets Institute, Czech Financial Benchmark Facility s.r.o. and ABS 
Benchmarks Administration Co Pte. Ltd. appear on the Register of Administrators, but none of the other Benchmark 
Administrators appear on the Register of Administrators, though the Bank of England and the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as central banks, are not required to appear on the Register of Administrators pursuant to Article 2(2) of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such 
that none of the Benchmark Administrators that are not registered as of the date of this Base Prospectus in the Register of 
Administrators is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if non-EU-based, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains some statements that might be considered to be forward-looking statements. Forward-
looking statements include (without limitation) statements concerning the Issuer’s plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future 
operations and performance and the assumptions underlying these forward-looking statements. When used in this Base 
Prospectus, the words “anticipates,” “estimates,” “expects,” “believes,” “intends,” “plans,” “aims,” “seeks,” “may,” “might,” 
“will,” “should” and any similar expressions generally identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements appear 
in a number of places throughout this Base Prospectus, including (without limitation) in the sections titled “Risk Factors” and 
“The Group and its Business,” and include, but are not limited to, statements regarding: 

strategy and objectives, 

trends affecting the Group’s results of operations and financial condition, 

asset portfolios, 

expected credit losses, 

capital spending, 

legal proceedings, and 

the Group’s potential exposure to market risk and other risk factors. 
Forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Actual results might differ materially from 
those expressed in these forward-looking statements.

--- Page 7 ---
vi 
 
The Issuer has identified certain of the risks inherent in these forward-looking statements and these are set out under 
“Risk Factors.” 
The Issuer has based these forward-looking statements on the current view of its management with respect to future 
events and financial performance. Although the Issuer’s management believes that the expectations, estimates and projections 
reflected in the forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus are reasonable as of the date of this Base Prospectus, if one 
or more of the risks or uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements materialise(s), including those identified in 
this Base Prospectus, or if any of the Issuer’s underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, then the Issuer’s 
actual results of operation might vary from those expected, estimated or projected and those variations might be material. 
There might be other risks, including some risks of which the Issuer is unaware, that might adversely affect the Group’s 
results, the Notes or the accuracy of forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus. Therefore, potential investors should 
not consider the factors discussed under “Risk Factors” to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties of 
investing in the Notes. 
Potential investors should not place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Without prejudice to any 
requirements under applicable laws, the Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date 
of this Base Prospectus any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in 
expectations thereof or any change in events, conditions or circumstances upon which any such forward-looking statement is 
based. 
U.S. INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus might be provided on a confidential basis in the United States to QIBs under Rule 144A and 
“accredited investors” (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act) that are institutions (“Institutional 
Accredited Investors”), and to investors within the United States with whom “offshore transactions” under Regulation S can 
be entered into, for informational use solely in connection with the consideration of an investment in certain Notes. Its use for 
any other purpose in the United States or by any U.S. person is not authorised. 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to United States persons except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), of 
the United States of America and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or under the securities or “blue sky” laws 
of any state of the United States or any other U.S. jurisdiction. Each investor, by purchasing a Note (or a beneficial interest 
therein), agrees (or will be deemed to agree) that the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may be reoffered, resold, pledged 
or otherwise transferred only upon registration under the Securities Act or pursuant to the exemptions from the registration 
requirements thereof described under “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” Each investor also will be deemed to have made 
certain representations and agreements as described therein. Any resale or other transfer, or attempted resale or other attempted 
transfer, of the Notes (or a beneficial interest therein) that is not made in accordance with the transfer restrictions may subject 
the transferor and/or transferee to certain liabilities under applicable securities laws. Furthermore, purchasers of IAI Notes 
(including beneficial interests in IAI Global Notes) will be required to execute and deliver an investment letter substantially in 
the form set out in the Agency Agreement (an “IAI Investment Letter”). 
The Notes (or beneficial interests therein) generally may be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons only if such U.S. persons are either QIBs or Institutional Accredited Investors, in either case 
in registered form and in transactions exempt from, or not subject to, registration under the Securities Act in reliance upon 
Rule 144A, Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or any other applicable exemption. Each investor in Notes that is a U.S. person 
or is in the United States is hereby notified that the offer and sale of any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to it might be 
being made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by 
Rule 144A, Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or (in certain limited circumstances) Regulation S.

--- Page 8 ---
vii 
 
Purchasers of IAI Notes (or beneficial interests therein) will be required to execute and deliver an IAI Investment 
Letter. Each investor in an IAI Note, a Rule 144A Global Note or any Notes issued in registered form in exchange or substitution 
therefor (together “Legended Notes”) will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such Legended Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein), to have made certain representations and agreements as set out in “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” Unless 
otherwise stated, terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in “Form of the Notes.” 
Potential investors that are U.S. persons should note that the Issue Date for a Tranche of Notes may be more than two 
relevant business days (this settlement cycle being referred to as “T+2”) following the trade date of such Notes. Under 
Rule 15c6-l of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), of the United States, a trade in the 
United States in the secondary market generally is required to settle in two business days unless otherwise expressly agreed to 
by the parties at the time of the transaction. Accordingly, investors who wish to trade interests in Notes in the United States on 
the trade date relating to such Notes or the next business day will likely be required, by virtue of the fact that the Notes initially 
will likely settle on a settlement cycle longer than T+2, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to 
prevent a failed settlement. In February 2022, the SEC proposed amending such rule in order to provide for settlement in one 
business day, for which amendment the SEC has requested comments from market participants. 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) that are “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, the Issuer has undertaken 
in a deed poll dated 26 April 2018 (such deed poll as amended, restated or supplemented from time to time, the “Deed Poll”) 
that, so long as any Notes are such “restricted securities,” the Issuer will, during any period in which it is neither subject to and 
in compliance with the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act nor exempt from such reporting 
requirements pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Exchange Act, provide to each holder or beneficial 
owner of such Notes and to each prospective purchaser thereof (as designated by any such holder or beneficial owner), upon 
the request of any such holder, beneficial owner or prospective purchaser, the information required to be delivered pursuant to 
Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend titled “PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL 
INVESTORS,” then such Notes (and beneficial interests therein) are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to (and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to) any EEA Retail Investor in the EEA. For these 
purposes: (a) “EEA Retail Investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) No. 2016/97 (as amended, the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”) where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, and (b) the expression “offer” 
includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein) to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for such Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein). See “Transfer and Selling Restrictions – Selling Restrictions – Public Offer Selling Restriction 
under the Prospectus Regulation and, where applicable, Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” below. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or otherwise making them available to EEA Retail Investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or otherwise making them available 
to any EEA Retail Investor in the EEA might be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend titled “PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL 
INVESTORS,” then such Notes (and beneficial interests therein) are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to (and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to) any UK Retail Investor in the UK. For these 
purposes: (a) “UK Retail Investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”), (ii) a customer within the meaning of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) of the UK and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK

--- Page 9 ---
viii 
 
Prospectus Regulation”), and (b) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for such Notes (or beneficial interests therein). See “Transfer and Selling Restrictions – Selling 
Restrictions – United Kingdom” below. Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling such Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein) or otherwise making them available to UK Retail Investors in the UK has been prepared and, 
therefore, offering or selling such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or otherwise making them available to any UK Retail 
Investor in the UK might be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001 (2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE 
With respect to each issuance of Notes, the Issuer may make a determination about the classification of such Notes 
(or beneficial interests therein) for purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore (as amended, the “SFA”). The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend titled 
“Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore” that will 
state the product classification of the applicable Notes (and, if applicable, beneficial interests therein) pursuant to 
Section 309B(1) of the SFA; however, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, all Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) shall be “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and “Excluded Investment Products” (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the 
“MAS”) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). This notification or any such legend included in the relevant Final Terms will 
constitute notice to “relevant persons” for purposes of Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, one or more of the Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation 
manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms (each a “ Stabilisation Manager”) (or Persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) might overallot such Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of an investment in 
such Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail; however, stabilisation might not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action might begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, might cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any 
stabilisation action or overallotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or Persons acting on behalf 
of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. Notwithstanding anything herein to the 
contrary, the Issuer may not (whether through overallotment or otherwise) issue more Notes than have been authorised by the 
CMB or are permitted under the Programme.

--- Page 10 ---
ix 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
The Bank is required to maintain its books of account and prepare statutory financial statements in accordance with 
the BRSA Principles (such financial statements, including any notes thereto and the independent auditor’s reports thereon, the 
“BRSA Financial Statements”). The Bank’s and the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements are used for determinations of the 
Bank’s and the Group’s compliance with Turkish regulatory requirements established by the BRSA, including for the 
calculation of capital adequacy ratios. All financial statements incorporated by reference herein, including the Bank’s 
consolidated and unconsolidated annual statutory financial statements as of and for each of the years ended 31 December 2020, 
31 December 2021 (including comparative information for 2020) and 2022 (including comparative information for 2021) (in 
each case, including any notes thereto and the independent auditor’s report thereon) (the “BRSA Annual Financial Statements”), 
have been prepared and presented in accordance with the BRSA Principles except for the free provisions recognised by the 
Bank as such are “not within the requirements of” the BRSA Principles. The independent auditor’s report included in each of 
the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein (other than the BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and 
for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021) includes a qualification regarding free provisions recognised 
as a result of the Bank’s prudential approach considering the circumstances that might arise from possible changes in the 
economy and market conditions. See “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group and its Business – Other Group-Related 
Risks – Audit Qualification.” 
In this Base Prospectus, “BRSA Principles” means the laws relating to the accounting and financial reporting of banks 
in Türkiye (including the “Regulation on Accounting Applications for Banks and Safeguarding of Documents” related with the 
Banking Law as published in the Official Gazette No. 26333 dated 1 November 2006, other regulations on the accounting 
records of banks published by the board of the BRSA and circulars and interpretations published by the BRSA) and the 
requirements of the “Turkish Accounting Standards” and “Turkish Financial Reporting Standards” issued by the Public 
Oversight, Accounting and Auditing Standards Authority (in Turkish: Kamu Gözetimi Muhasebe ve Denetim Standartları 
Kurumu) (the “POA”) for the matters that are not regulated by such laws. 
The Bank’s and the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein have been prepared in 
accordance with Turkish Financial Reporting Standards 9 (Financial Instruments), which are the IFRS 9-compliant financial 
reporting standards of Türkiye (“TFRS 9”), Turkish Financial Reporting Standards 15 (Revenue from Customer Contracts) 
(“TFRS 15”) and Turkish Financial Reporting Standards 16 (Leases) (“TFRS 16”). 
The Bank’s foreign subsidiaries maintain their books of account and prepare their financial statements in accordance 
with the generally accepted accounting principles and the related rules applicable in the countries in which they operate and, 
while preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Group, these are adjusted and classified pursuant to the BRSA 
Principles. 
The BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 were audited by Güney 
Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali Müşavirlik Anonim Şirketi, a member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited 
(“EY”), independent auditors, in accordance with the Regulation on Independent Auditing of Banks published by the BRSA in 
the Official Gazette No. 29314 dated 2 April 2015 (the “Turkish Auditor Regulation”) and the Standards on Independent 
Auditing, which is a component of the Turkish Auditing Standards, as stated in EY’s independent auditor’s reports included 
within such BRSA Financial Statements. 
The BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 
were audited by PwC Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali Müşavirlik A.Ş. (“PwC”), independent auditors, in 
accordance with the Turkish Auditor Regulation and the Standards on Independent Auditing, which is a component of the 
Turkish Auditing Standards, as stated in each of PwC’s independent auditor’s reports included within the BRSA Financial 
Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (other than the BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and 
for the year ended 31 December 2020). The Bank has appointed PwC to act as its independent auditor with respect to 2023. 
The BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, all of which are in English, were 
prepared as convenience translations of the corresponding Turkish language BRSA Financial Statements (which translations 
the Bank confirms are direct and accurate). The English language BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein 
were not prepared for the purpose of their incorporation by reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 11 ---
x 
 
While neither the Bank nor the Group is required by law to prepare its accounts under any accounting standards other 
than according to the BRSA Principles, including under International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), the Bank’s 
management has in certain periods (including those covered by some of the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by 
reference herein) elected to publish audited annual consolidated financial statements that have been prepared in accordance 
with IFRS (such financial statements, including any notes thereto and the independent auditor’s reports thereon, being referred 
to as “IFRS Financial Statements”), neither the Bank nor the Group has published IFRS Financial Statements as of and for the 
year ended 31 December 2022 nor (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) intends to do so for future fiscal periods. IFRS 
Financial Statements are not used by the Bank for any regulatory purposes and the Bank’s management uses the BRSA 
Financial Statements and the BRSA Principles for the management of the Bank and communications with investors. As the 
Bank’s management uses the BRSA Financial Statements, including in its communications with investors, IFRS Financial 
Statements are not included in (or incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus. 
Except to the extent stated otherwise, the financial data for the Group included herein have been extracted, without 
material adjustment, from the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein. Potential investors in the 
Notes should note that this Base Prospectus also includes certain financial information for the Bank, which has been extracted, 
without material adjustment, from the Bank’s BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein. Such financial 
information is identified as being of “the Bank” in the description of the associated tables or information. Such Bank-only 
financial information is (inter alia) presented in “Risk Factors” and “The Group and its Business.” 
Pursuant to TAS 29, Financial Reporting in High Inflation Economies (“TAS 29”) under Turkish financial reporting 
standards (“TFRS”) and the corresponding International Accounting Standards 29 (“IAS 29”) under IFRS, the financial 
statements of entities whose functional currency is that of a hyperinflationary economy must be adjusted for the effects of 
changes in a general price index. Neither TAS 29 nor IAS 29 establishes an absolute rate when hyperinflation is deemed to 
arise, but rather each provides a series of non-exclusive guidelines as to when restatement of financial statements becomes 
necessary. These guidelines include, among other considerations, a quantitative characteristic verifying if the three-year 
cumulative inflation rate approaches or exceeds 100%. In March 2022, the International Practices Task Force of the Centre for 
Audit Quality, which monitors countries experiencing high inflation, categorised Türkiye as a country with a three-year 
cumulative inflation rate greater than 100% as of 28 February 2022. Accordingly, Turkish companies reporting under IFRS 
should apply IAS 29 to their financial statements for periods ending on and after 30 June 2022, which the Bank and the Group 
have done starting with the IFRS Financial Statements as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2022. 
With respect to TFRS, TAS 29 recommends that all entities that report in the currency of the same hyperinflationary 
economy apply this standard from the same date. As such, as indicated in TAS 29, in order to ensure application compatibility 
within Türkiye, all reporting entities are expected to start to use TAS 29 at the same time following an announcement to do so 
by the POA. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the POA has not yet published any such announcement on whether such 
entities should apply this standard with respect to their financial statements for any accounting period ending on 31 December 
2022 or thereafter. As a result, the Group’s and the Bank’s BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus have not applied the inflation adjustment standards of TAS 29; however, such adjustments might be applied in the 
future (including with respect to some or all of the interim and/or annual BRSA Financial Statements for 2023). As a result, 
the Group’s and the Bank’s BRSA Financial Statements and IFRS Financial Statements will: (a) for so long as they apply 
different inflation accounting approaches, be less comparable than before such change, and (b) to the extent they have been so 
adjusted for inflation, not be comparable to financial statements from earlier periods prepared without such policies. 
Please note that the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein have not been prepared in 
accordance with the international financial reporting standards as adopted by the EU based upon Regulation (EC) 
No. 1606/2002 and that there may be material differences in the financial information had Regulation (EC) 
No. 1606/2002 been applied to the historical financial information presented herein. A narrative description of the 
differences between IFRS and the BRSA Principles as adopted by the Issuer in preparing its BRSA Annual Financial 
Statements has been included in Appendix A (“Overview of Differences between IFRS and the BRSA Principles”). 
The Bank utilises several internal definitions of small and medium-sized enterprise (“SME”) based upon criteria 
including annual turnover, credit limits and/or average assets under management, among others; however, with respect to 
certain published financial information concerning SMEs, the Bank uses the BRSA definition of SME (the “BRSA SME 
Definition”) in order to render such data comparable to that of other Turkish banks.

--- Page 12 ---
xi 
 
The Bank utilises several internal definitions of corporate customers based upon criteria including annual sales and/or 
credit limits, among others; however, with respect to certain published financial information concerning corporate customers, 
the Bank defines corporate customers as those companies that are larger than SMEs (in terms of annual turnover, total assets 
or number of employees) as defined by the BRSA SME Definition in order to render such data comparable to that of other 
Turkish banks (the “Corporate Definition”). 
Alternative Performance Measures 
To supplement the Bank’s consolidated and unconsolidated financial statements presented (except for the free 
provisions recognised by the Bank as described herein) in accordance with the BRSA Principles, the Bank uses certain ratios 
and measures included (including through incorporation by reference) in this Base Prospectus that might be considered to be 
“alternative performance measures” (each an “APM”) as described in the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance 
Measures (the “ESMA Guidelines”) published by ESMA on 5 October 2015. The ESMA Guidelines provide that an APM is 
understood as “a financial measure of historical or future financial performance, financial position, or cash flows, other than a 
financial measure defined or specified in the applicable financial reporting framework.” The ESMA Guidelines also note that 
they do not apply to APMs “disclosed in accordance with applicable legislation, other than the applicable financial reporting 
framework, that sets out specific requirements governing the determination of such measures.” 
Any APMs included in this Base Prospectus are not alternatives to measures prepared in accordance with the BRSA 
Principles and might be different from similarly titled measures reported by other companies. The Bank’s management believes 
that this information, when considered in conjunction with measures reported under the BRSA Principles, is useful to investors 
because it provides a basis for measuring the organic operating performance in the periods presented and enhances investors’ 
overall understanding of the Group’s financial performance. In addition, these measures are used in internal management of 
the Group, along with financial measures reported under the BRSA Principles, in measuring the Group’s performance and 
comparing it to the performance of its competitors. Furthermore, because the Group has historically reported certain APMs to 
investors, the Bank’s management believes that the inclusion of APMs in this Base Prospectus provides consistency in the 
Group’s financial reporting and thus improves investors’ ability to assess the Group’s trends and performance over multiple 
periods. APMs should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information presented in compliance 
with the BRSA Principles. APMs as reported by the Bank might not be comparable to similarly titled items reported by other 
companies. 
For the Group, measures that might be considered to be APMs in this Base Prospectus (including pursuant to any 
supplement hereto) (and that are not defined or specified by the BRSA Principles or any other legislation applicable to the 
Group) include (without limitation) the following (such terms being used in this Base Prospectus as defined below): 
cost-to-income ratio: For a particular period, this is: (a) the operating expenses for such period as a 
percentage of (b) the net operating income for such period. 
deposits to total assets (total deposits including bank deposits): As of a particular date, this is: (a) the total 
deposits (including bank deposits) as of such date as a percentage of (b) the total assets as of such date. 
loans to deposits ratio: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the total loans as of such date as a percentage of 
(b) the total deposits as of such date. 
net interest margin: For a particular period, this is: (a) the net interest income for such period as a percentage 
of (b) the average interest-earning assets during such period. When determined for a period shorter than 12 months, 
this is expressed on an annualised basis by multiplying the result by 365 divided by the number of days in such period. 
net fees and commissions income as a percentage of average total assets: For a particular period, this is: (a) 
the net fees and commissions income as a percentage of (b) the average total assets (computed by calculating the 
average of the quarter-end balances during the relevant reporting period) for such period. When determined for a 
period shorter than 12 months, this is expressed on an annualised basis by multiplying the result by 365 divided by the 
number of days in such period.

--- Page 13 ---
xii 
 
net operating income as a percentage of average total assets: For a particular period, this is (a) the net 
operating income (computed by calculating the sum of net interest income, net fees and commissions income, 
dividends from subsidiaries, net trading gains, profit from held-to-maturity securities and other operating income) as 
a percentage of (b) the average total assets for such period. When determined for a period shorter than 12 months, this 
is expressed on an annualised basis by multiplying the result by 365 divided by the number of days in such period. 
NPL ratio: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the NPLs as of such date as a percentage of (b) the gross loans 
as of such date. Where the NPL ratio is referenced solely with respect to a category of loans (e.g., the NPL ratio of 
SME loans), then this ratio is calculated solely with respect to such category of loans. 
NPL coverage ratio: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the total provision amount for loans as of such date 
as a percentage of (b) the NPLs as of such date. 
other operating expenses as a percentage of average total assets: For a particular period, this is: (a) the other 
operating expenses for such period as a percentage of (b) the average total assets for such period. When determined 
for a period shorter than 12 months, this is expressed on an annualised basis by multiplying the result by 365 divided 
by the number of days in such period. 
return on average shareholders’ equity: For a particular period, this is: (a) the net profit/loss minus minority 
shares of net profit for such period as a percentage of (b) the average shareholders’ equity excluding minority shares 
for such period. When determined for a period shorter than 12 months, this is expressed on an annualised basis by 
multiplying the result by 365 divided by the number of days in such period. 
return on average total assets: For a particular period, this is: (a) the net profit/loss for such period as a 
percentage of (b) the average total assets for such period. When determined for a period shorter than 12 months, this 
is expressed on an annualised basis by multiplying the result by 365 divided by the number of days in such period. 
specific provisions for loan losses to NPLs: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the provisions for expected 
credit losses of NPLs as of such date as a percentage of (b) the NPLs as of such date. 
specific provisions for loan losses to total loans: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the provisions for expected 
credit losses of NPLs as of such date as a percentage of (b) the total loans as of such date. 
Stage 2 loans to performing loans ratio: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the Stage 2 loans as of such date 
as a percentage of (b) the total performing loans as of such date. 
total loans (net of provisions) to total assets: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the total loans (net of 
provisions) as of such date as a percentage of (b) the total assets as of such date. 
See “Summary Financial and Other Information” and “The Group and its Business” for further information on certain 
such calculations. 
For any annualised figures calculated for a year, there can be no guarantee, and the Bank does not represent or predict, 
that actual results for the full year will equal or exceed the annualised figure and actual results might vary materially. 
Reconciliations for certain items listed above (to the extent that any of such items are APMs) to the applicable financial 
statements are not included as they are not required by the ESMA Guidelines in these circumstances, including as a result of 
Article 29 thereof where the items described in the APM are directly identifiable from the financial statements (e.g., where an 
applicable APM is merely a calculation of one item in the financial statements as a percentage of another item in the financial 
statements).

--- Page 14 ---
xiii 
 
The following are definitions of certain terms that are used in the calculations of the terms defined above (such terms 
being used in this Base Prospectus as they are defined below except to the extent specifically stated otherwise): 
average interest-earning assets: For a particular period, this is the average of the amount of interest-earning 
assets as of the balance sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for any calendar year, 
31 December of the previous year) and each intervening quarter-end date during such period. 
average shareholders’ equity: For a particular period, this is the average of the amount of shareholders’ equity 
as of the balance sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for any calendar year, 
31 December of the previous year) and each intervening quarter-end date during such period.  
average total assets: For a particular period, this is the average of the amount of total assets as of the balance 
sheet date immediately prior to the commencement of such period (e.g., for any calendar year, 31 December of the 
previous year) and each intervening quarter-end date during such period.  
interest-earning assets: For a particular date, this is the total amount of the interest-earning portion of cash 
and balances with central banks, available-for-sale investment securities (net), investment securities held to maturity 
(net), financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss (net), money market placements, loans and 
receivables, lease receivables (net) and factoring receivables (net) as of such date. 
net interest income: For a particular period, this is: (a) the total interest income from interest-earning assets 
during such period minus (b) the total interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities during such period. 
NPLs: As of a particular date, this (“NPLs”) is the Stage 3 loans (including cash loans, lease receivables and 
factoring receivables) as of such date. 
Expected credit losses are calculated based upon a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses (the present value of 
all cash shortfalls) over the expected life of the financial asset. A cash shortfall is the difference between the cash flows that 
are due based upon the contract and the cash flows that are expected to be received. The calculation of expected credit losses 
per each stage is summarised below: 
Stage 1: 12-month expected credit loss represents the expected credit losses that result from default events on a 
financial asset that are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date and are calculated as the portion of 
lifetime expected credit losses. This 12-month expected credit loss is calculated based upon a probability of default 
realised within 12 months after the reporting date. This expected 12-month probability of default is applied on an 
expected exposure at default, multiplied by the loss at a given default rate and discounted with the original effective 
interest rate. 
Stage 2: When a financial asset has shown a significant increase in credit risk since origination, an allowance for the 
lifetime expected credit losses is calculated for such financial asset. It is similar to the description for Stage 1, but the 
probability of default and the loss at a given default rate are estimated through the life of the financial asset. Estimated 
cash shortfalls are discounted by using the original effective interest rate. 
Stage 3: For financial assets considered to be impaired, the lifetime expected credit losses are calculated. This 
methodology is similar to Stage 2 and the probability of default is taken into account as 100%. 
Currency Presentation and Exchange Rates 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
(a) “Turkish Lira” and “TL” refer to the lawful currency for the time being of Türkiye, 
(b) “U.S. dollars,” “US$” and “$” refer to United States dollars,

--- Page 15 ---
xiv 
 
(c) “euro” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the EU, as amended, 
(d) “Renminbi” and “RMB” refer to the lawful currency of the PRC, which (for the purposes of this Base 
Prospectus) excludes Hong Kong, the Macao Special Administration Region of the PRC and Taiwan, and 
(e) “ Sterling” and “£” refer to British Pounds Sterling. 
No representation is made that the Turkish Lira or U.S. dollar amounts in this Base Prospectus could have been or 
could be converted into U.S. dollars or Turkish Lira, as the case may be, at any particular rate or at all. For a discussion of the 
effects on the Group of fluctuating exchange rates, see “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the Group and its Business - Market 
Risks - Foreign Exchange and Currency Risk.” 
Certain Defined Terms, Conventions and Other Considerations in Relation to the Presentation of Information in this Base 
Prospectus 
Reference is made to the “Index of Defined Terms” for the location of the definitions of certain terms defined herein. 
In this Base Prospectus: (a) “Bank” or “Issuer” means QNB Finansbank A.Ş. on a standalone basis and “Group” means 
the Bank and its subsidiaries (or, with respect to consolidated accounting information, the Bank and entities that are 
consolidated into the Bank), (b) the term “law” shall (unless the context otherwise requires) be deemed to include legislation, 
regulations and other legal requirements and (c) unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law (including a provision 
of a law) is a reference to that law (or provision) as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments and, 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables might vary slightly and figures shown as totals in 
certain tables might not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them. 
All of the information contained in this Base Prospectus concerning the Turkish market and the Bank’s competitors 
has been obtained (and extracted without material adjustment) from publicly available information. All such data relating to 
the Turkish banking sector have been obtained from the website of the BRSA at www.bddk.org.tr, the website of the Banks 
Association of Türkiye (in Turkish: Türkiye Bankalar Birliği) (the “Banks Association of Türkiye”) at www.tbb.org.tr or the 
website of the Interbank Card Centre (in Turkish: Bankalararası Kart Merkezi) at www.bkm.com.tr, and all such data relating 
to the Turkish or European economy, including statistical data, have been obtained from the website of the Turkish Statistical 
Institute (in Turkish: Türkiye İstatistik Kurumu) (“TurkStat”) at www.tuik.gov.tr, the website of the Central Bank of Türkiye 
(in Turkish: Türkiye Cumhuriyet Merkez Bankası) (the “Central Bank”) at www.tcmb.gov.tr, the website of the Ministry of 
Treasury and Finance of Türkiye (the “Turkish Treasury;” where applicable, references to the Turkish Treasury shall be deemed 
to refer to the Undersecretariat of the Treasury, which was restructured to become part of the new Ministry of Treasury and 
Finance pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 1 dated 10 July 2018 published in the Official Gazette) at www.hmb.gov.tr or the 
website of the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) at www.ecb.europa.eu. Such data have been extracted from such websites 
without material adjustment but might not appear in the exact same form on such websites or elsewhere. Such websites do not, 
and shall not be deemed to, constitute a part of, nor are incorporated into, this Base Prospectus and have not been scrutinised 
or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. Certain information under the heading “Book-entry Clearing Systems” has been 
extracted from information provided by the Clearing Systems referred to therein. 
Where other third-party information has been used in this Base Prospectus, the source of such information has been 
identified. The Issuer confirms that all such information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and 
is able to ascertain from the relevant published information, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing statement, third-party information 
in this Base Prospectus, while believed to be reliable, has not been independently verified by the Issuer or any other Person. 
In the case of the presented statistical information, similar statistics might be obtainable from other sources, although 
the underlying assumptions and methodology, and consequently the resulting data, might vary from source to source. Where 
information has been sourced from a third party, such publications generally state that the information they contain has been 
obtained from sources believed to be reliable but that the accuracy and completeness of such information is not guaranteed.

--- Page 16 ---
xv 
 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legal references and technical terms have been cited in their 
original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. In particular, but 
without limitation, the titles of Turkish laws and the names of Turkish institutions referenced herein (and in the documents (or 
portions thereof) incorporated by reference herein) have been translated from Turkish into English. The translations of these 
titles and names are direct and accurate. 
Information in this Base Prospectus regarding the Bank’s shareholders has been based upon public filings, disclosure 
and announcements by such shareholders.

--- Page 17 ---
xvi 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin, shall be incorporated into, and form part 
of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) the BRSA Annual Financial Statements (excluding the comparative information as of and for the year 
ended 31 December 2019 included within the BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 
31 December 2020), and 
(b) for so long as Notes issued thereunder and listed by the Issuer remain outstanding, the terms and 
conditions of the Notes contained in the previous base prospectus dated 26 April 2018 (on pages 68 to 101 (inclusive) 
thereof) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (the “2018 Conditions”). 
For the purpose of clarification, potential investors in any Notes shall not, and are not entitled to, rely upon any financial 
information with respect to the Group (and any member thereof) or the Bank relating to 31 December 2019 and the year then 
ended (including comparisons thereof to 31 December 2020 and the year then ended) included within the BRSA Annual 
Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement to this Base Prospectus might be prepared by the 
Issuer and approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any 
such supplement (or contained in any document (or portions thereof) incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this 
Base Prospectus or in a document (or portions thereof) that is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy that may affect the assessment of the Notes does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, all of which are in English, were 
prepared as convenience translations of the corresponding Turkish language BRSA Financial Statements (which translations 
the Bank confirms are direct and accurate). The English language BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein 
were not prepared for the purpose of their incorporation by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated (or portions of which have been incorporated) by reference into this Base 
Prospectus can be obtained without charge from the registered office of the Bank and on the Bank’s website at: 
(a) with respect to the Bank’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 
2020, www.qnbfinansbank.com/medium/document-file-3006.vsf, 
(b) with respect to the Bank’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 
2021, www.qnbfinansbank.com/medium/document-file-3450.vsf, 
(c) with respect to the Bank’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 
2022, www.qnbfinansbank.com/medium/document-file-3695.vsf, 
(d) with respect to the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 
2020, www.qnbfinansbank.com/medium/document-file-3005.vsf, 
(e) with respect to the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 
2021, www.qnbfinansbank.com/medium/document-file-3451.vsf, 
(f) with respect to the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 
2022, www.qnbfinansbank.com/medium/document-file-3696.vsf, and 
(g) with respect to the 2018 Conditions, https://www.qnbfinansbank.com/medium/document-file-1847.vsf.

--- Page 18 ---
xvii 
 
Any statement contained in a document (or a portion thereof) that is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified 
or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein or in any other document 
(or, as applicable, relevant portion thereof) incorporated by reference herein, or in any supplement hereto, modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded 
shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Where there is any inconsistency 
between the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the information contained in (or incorporated by reference into) 
the information incorporated by reference herein, the information set out in this Base Prospectus shall prevail. 
The information set out in any part of the documents listed above that is not incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus is either not relevant to prospective investors in the Notes or is set out elsewhere in (including being incorporated 
by reference into) this Base Prospectus, in each case, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  
Except for the documents (or portions thereof) incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus to the extent set 
out on any website referenced in this Base Prospectus, the contents of any website referenced herein do not, and shall not be 
deemed to, constitute a part of, nor are incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. Neither the contents of any website referenced 
in, nor any documents incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus have been scrutinised or approved by the Central 
Bank of Ireland. 
Replacement of 2020 financial information upon inclusion of 2023 BRSA Financial Statements 
Upon (by way of one or more supplement(s) hereto) the incorporation into this Base Prospectus of the Group’s and 
the Bank’s respective BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2023, the BRSA Financial 
Statements for the Group or the Bank as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 that are 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus shall be automatically deleted from, and shall no longer be considered to 
be incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus; it being understood that the financial information as of and for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 that is included within the BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 
2022 shall remain so incorporated. Furthermore, at such time (the “Annual Update Time”), the financial information with 
respect to the Group (and of any member thereof) and the Bank (including all related amounts, percentages and discussion) as 
of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 (including comparisons thereof to 31 December 2021 and the year then ended or 
any other date or period) in this Base Prospectus shall be automatically deleted in its entirety from, and shall thereafter not form 
part of, this Base Prospectus (including, without limitation, in the sections titled “Summary Financial and Other Information” 
and “The Group and its Business”). 
For the purpose of clarification, potential investors in any Notes issued after the Annual Update Time shall not, and 
are not entitled to, rely upon any such financial information with respect to the Group (and any member thereof) or the Bank 
relating to 31 December 2020 and the year then ended (including comparisons thereof to 31 December 2021 and the year then 
ended or any other date or period) included within this Base Prospectus as in effect prior to the Annual Update Time.

--- Page 19 ---
xviii 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
General Description of the Programme ....................................................................................................................................... 1 
Risk Factors ............................................................................................................................................................................... 13 
Use of Proceeds ......................................................................................................................................................................... 55 
Summary Financial and Other Information ............................................................................................................................... 56 
Capitalisation of the Group ........................................................................................................................................................ 59 
The Group and its Business ....................................................................................................................................................... 60 
Risk Management ...................................................................................................................................................................... 85 
Management .............................................................................................................................................................................. 98 
Share Capital and Ownership .................................................................................................................................................. 108 
Related Party Transactions ...................................................................................................................................................... 109 
The Turkish Banking Sector .................................................................................................................................................... 110 
Turkish Regulatory Environment ............................................................................................................................................ 112 
Form of the Notes .................................................................................................................................................................... 146 
Form of Applicable Final Terms.............................................................................................................................................. 150 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ......................................................................................................................................... 173 
Book-entry Clearing Systems .................................................................................................................................................. 228 
Taxation ................................................................................................................................................................................... 232 
Certain Considerations for ERISA and other U.S. Employee Benefit Plans ........................................................................... 236 
Subscription and Sale .............................................................................................................................................................. 237 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions ............................................................................................................................................. 238 
Enforcement of Judgments and Service of Process ................................................................................................................. 253 
Other General Information ....................................................................................................................................................... 255 
Index of Defined Terms ........................................................................................................................................................... 259 
 
Appendix A  
Overview of Differences between IFRS and the BRSA Principles ......................................................................................... 263

--- Page 20 ---
1 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme might not contain all of the information that might be important 
to prospective investors in the Notes. This entire Base Prospectus, including the more detailed information regarding the 
Bank’s business and the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, should be read 
carefully. Investing in the Notes involves risks. The information set forth under “Risk Factors” should be carefully considered. 
Certain statements in this Base Prospectus are forward-looking statements that also involve uncertainties as described in 
“Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” 
The Group 
The following overview should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the detailed information 
appearing elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including in the BRSA Financial Statements (including the notes thereto) 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
General 
The Bank is a Turkish private commercial bank that provides banking products and services to retail, corporate, 
commercial and SME banking and other customers through a network of branches operating in major cities throughout Türkiye. 
As of 31 December 2022, according to the most recent statistics published before the date of this Base Prospectus on the Public 
Disclosure Platform (Kamuyu Aydınlatma Platformu) (www.kap.gov.tr) (“Public Disclosure Platform”), the Bank was the fifth 
largest private bank in Türkiye in terms of Bank-only total assets with TL 601.8 billion of total assets. The Bank is a subsidiary 
of Qatar National Bank (“QNB” and, with its group members, the “QNB Group”), which purchased a 99.81% stake in the Bank 
from the National Bank of Greece (“NBG”) on 15 June 2016 pursuant to a share purchase agreement (the “Share Purchase 
Agreement”). In accordance with the Communiqué No. II-27.2 on Squeeze-Out and Sell-Out Rights (the “Squeeze-Out and 
Sell-Out Communiqué”), the shareholders of the Bank (other than QNB) had a right to sell their shares in the Bank to QNB 
within a three month period starting on 16 June 2016. At the end of such period (i.e., as of 16 September 2016) and, as of 
31 December 2022, 99.88% of the shares of the Bank were owned by QNB and the remaining shares were traded on the Borsa 
İstanbul. 
Since its initial entry to the Turkish banking market in 1987, the Bank has grown its branch network significantly. The 
Bank’s branch network increased from 309 branches as of 31 December 2006 to 436 branches (including one branch in Bahrain) 
as of 31 December 2022. As of such date, the Bank’s branch network consisted of 402 full-service branches, 17 retail-only 
branches, three corporate-only branches and 14 commercial-only branches located in 53 commercial centres in Türkiye, mainly 
in İstanbul, İzmir, Ankara and Antalya. The Group aims to maintain the number of its branches at approximately the current 
levels. The Group, through the Bank and its subsidiaries and other affiliates, also undertakes leasing, factoring, insurance and 
investment banking activities. As of 31 December 2022, the Group had total assets of TL 621.1 billion, total loans and 
receivables (net) of TL 363.1 billion, total deposits of TL 392.8 billion and total equity of TL 44.3 billion. 
In addition to its branch network, the Group has made significant investments in alternative delivery channels such as 
automated teller machine (“ATM”) and point-of-sale (“POS”) networks, internet banking, mobile banking and a call centre. In 
October 2012, the Group launched Enpara.com, an online banking platform designed to provide banking and payment services 
to retail customers in Türkiye without the use of any physical branches. Since its establishment, Enpara.com has grown its 
registered customer base from 18,000 customers in 2012 to 4.3 million customers as of 31 December 2022, with 77% of such 
customers not having been pre-existing customers of the Group. 
The Group has three main business segments: retail, affluent and private banking, SME banking and corporate and 
commercial banking, additional information about each of which is provided below: 
 
Retail, Affluent and Private Banking. The Group’s retail, affluent and private banking activities consist 
primarily of mortgages, consumer lending, credit and debit card services, deposits, investments and insurance 
products. The Group’s offerings to retail customers are divided into three main further sub-groups: (a) private 
banking, which serves individuals with liquid assets under management exceeding TL 750,000 through 
customised service offerings, (b) the affluent segment, which serves individuals with assets under 
management between TL 100,000 and TL 750,000, offering features such as dedicated relationship managers

--- Page 21 ---
2 
 
and a diverse set of banking and non-banking services and benefits, and (c) the mass banking with a wide 
variety of products and services. Retail, affluent and private banking has been one of the principal drivers of 
the Group’s growth during recent years. As of 31 December 2022, the Group had approximately 6.1 million 
retail, affluent and private banking customers (excluding credit card customers) and the Group had 
performing retail loans and receivables (including mortgage, retail credit card and consumer loans (which 
comprise personal need loans, overdrafts and auto loans)) of TL 119 billion, representing 31.9% of the 
Group’s performing loans and receivables (representing total gross loans, including financial assets measured 
at fair value through profit and loss, minus specific provisions). 
 
SME Banking. The Bank’s SME banking activities consist primarily of revolving credit lines, instalment 
loans, overdrafts, business housing loans and demand deposits. As one of the first banks in Türkiye to focus 
on this segment, the Bank started its SME banking operations at the beginning of 2003 to support Turkish 
small businesses. The SME banking segment consists of: (a) Small Business Banking, which serves 
enterprises with annual revenues of up to TL 12.0 million, and (b) Medium-sized Enterprises Banking, which 
serves enterprises with annual revenues between TL 12.0 million and TL 250.0 million. In recent years, SME 
banking has represented an increasingly important part of the Group’s overall loan portfolio. As of 
31 December 2022, the Group’s SME banking operations had approximately 401,951 active customers and 
performing loans and receivables of TL 64.1 billion, representing 18.2% of the Group’s performing loans 
and receivables. 
 
Corporate and Commercial Banking. The Group’s corporate and commercial banking activities primarily 
consist of traditional and non-cash lending, project and structured finance, trade finance, foreign trade, cash 
management, corporate syndication, secondary market transactions, deposit taking and certificated debt 
instruments. The corporate and commercial banking segment consists of: (a) corporate banking, which serves 
large businesses (including multinational corporations), and (b) commercial banking, which serves 
enterprises with annual revenues between TL 250.0 million and TL 1,500.0 million. As of 31 December 
2022, the Group’s corporate and commercial banking operations had approximately 10,645 customers and 
performing loans and receivables of TL 169.8 billion, representing 48.2% of the Group’s performing loans 
and receivables. 
The Group also undertakes leasing, factoring, insurance, investment banking and other activities through its 
subsidiaries and other affiliates. 
The Bank’s registered office is located at Esentepe Mahallesi, Büyükdere Cad., Kristal Kule Binası, No:215, Şişli, 
İstanbul, Türkiye, telephone number +90-212-318-5155. The Bank’s registration number is 237525. 
Key Strengths 
The Bank’s management believes that the Group has a number of key strengths that enable the Group to compete 
effectively in the Turkish banking sector. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s management sees these key 
strengths as being: 

Versatile platform enabling the Group to take advantage of strategic opportunities. Since its establishment 
in 1987, the Group has grown into a full-service financial institution with an independent management team 
and an extensive nationwide distribution network serving approximately 8.3 million active customers as of 
31 December 2022. This extensive distribution network, combined with the Group’s focus on traditional 
banking activities and complemented by the provision of ancillary services (including investment banking, 
brokerage, leasing, factoring and asset management) and important partnerships with leading financial 
institutions (e.g., a partnership with Sompo in basic insurance), have allowed the Group to maintain a strong 
competitive position across all of its key customer segments. The Group also has been able to refocus its 
operations in response to changes in the Turkish banking regulatory environment in recent years. For 
example, between 2005 and 2011, the Turkish banking sector experienced a significant increase in retail 
lending (particularly in higher-yielding segments such as credit cards and consumer lending), largely due to 
strong domestic demand driven by relatively low interest rates and strong micro fundamentals, and Group 
took this opportunity to expand its retail, affluent and private banking network (both in terms of branches

--- Page 22 ---
3 
 
and other distribution channels, such as ATMs), causing its ratio of retail loans to performing loans and 
receivables, on a Bank-only basis, to grow from 33.8% as of 31 December 2005 to 61.2% as of 31 December 
2011. Beginning in 2012, Türkiye’s widening current account deficit prompted regulatory authorities to take 
measures to curb retail lending and encourage business lending in order to reduce imports and grow exports. 
These measures included, among other things, increasing general reserve requirements for retail loans, 
increasing the risk-weighting for consumer loans in calculating capital adequacy ratios and introducing 
regulations to limit the growth of credit card usage, as well as reducing the general reserve requirements for 
cash and non-cash loans obtained by SMEs for export purposes. In response to these measures, the Group 
has been successfully shifting the concentration of its loan portfolio from retail lending to SME and corporate 
lending. As of 31 December 2022, 66.2% of the Bank’s performing loans and receivables were to SME and 
corporate and commercial customers, compared to 67.9% and 69.7%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020 
and 2021. The Group was able to shift its loan portfolio more towards SME and corporate and commercial 
lending by: (a) opening new branches and maintaining the existing branches that provide SME services, (b) 
refocusing certain of its human and other resources to serve SME and corporate and commercial customers, 
(c) engaging in targeted marketing efforts and using its proprietary credit underwriting framework and 
behaviour monitoring tools to increase market share and (d) launching new products and utilising new 
technologies to maximise the customer experience of SME and corporate and commercial clients. The Bank’s 
management believes that its size and the structure of its operations enable it to move more quickly to 
capitalise on such changes in the market than is possible for many other Turkish banks.  

Strong capital position and diversified sources of funding. The Group has a strong capital position and, as of 
31 December 2022, had a common equity tier 1 (“CET1”) ratio of 10.0%, which is well above the BRSA’s 
regulatory minimum CET1 ratio of 4.5% (based upon Basel III as adopted by the BRSA), and a total capital 
adequacy ratio of 15.1%. The Bank’s leverage ratio (as calculated pursuant to the Equity Regulation) was 
13.6% as of 31 December 2022, in comparison to the average leverage ratio of 7.7% for Türkiye İş 
Bankası A.Ş. (“İşbank”), Türkiye Garanti Bankası A.Ş. (“Garanti”), Akbank T.A.Ş. (“Akbank”) and Yapı ve 
Kredi Bankası A.Ş. (“Yapı Kredi Bank” and, together with İşbank, Garanti and Akbank, the “Private Sector 
Peers”). The Bank’s management believes that its strong capital position has supported its ability to attract 
deposits and diversify its sources of funding. The Bank has demonstrated strong deposit growth, with an 
increased emphasis on demand deposits, which typically have a lower cost of funding than time deposits and 
that, from 31 December 2013 to 31 December 2022, have grown at a compound annual growth rate 
(“CAGR”) of 30.1% compared to an average of 25.5% for the Group’s Private Sector Peers during the same 
period according to their BRSA financial statements. The Bank’s loans to deposits ratio has grown to 91.8% 
as of 31 December 2022 (compared to an average of 83.8% for its Private Sector Peers according to their 
BRSA financial statements). The Group has also entered into long-term financings in the form of syndicated 
loans and eurobond issuances, among other transactions, to match the medium- to long-term nature of its 
loan and investment portfolio. Institutional borrowings (including bank deposits, funds borrowed, money 
market transactions, marketable securities issued and subordinated loans) constituted 19.8% of the Bank’s 
overall liabilities as of 31 December 2022, compared to an average of 15.0% for the Group’s Private Sector 
Peers as of the same date according to their BRSA financial statements. 

Sophisticated risk management tools. A prudent credit risk management practice is instilled at every stage of 
the Group’s credit process. At the origination stage, clients are approved on the basis of scorecards for credit 
card, consumer and SME segments, and approval score cut-off points are constantly being monitored and 
revised if necessary depending upon macroeconomic conditions. From the origination stage onwards, credit 
quality is monitored closely on an ongoing basis via behavioural scorecards, and necessary actions are taken 
depending upon the changes in behavioural scores. As described elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, the Group 
also employs a conservative provisioning policy with a NPL coverage ratio of 183.1% as of 31 December 
2022 compared to an average of 127.2% for the Group’s Private Sector Peers as of the same date according 
to their BRSA bank-only financial statements. In addition to managing credit risk, the Group actively utilises 
hedging instruments to protect itself from currency and maturity mismatches. 

Innovative distribution channels and technology platform. The Bank’s management believes that, from the 
Group’s inception, it has been at the forefront of innovation in banking products and services in Türkiye. For 
example, in 1999 the Bank was the first Turkish bank to introduce a credit card with an instalment structure. 
More recently, the Bank was the first in Türkiye to establish a pure online banking model (EnPara.com) under

--- Page 23 ---
4 
 
its umbrella, which website serves a more affluent and technologically savvy client base who are more 
expensive to serve under the traditional branch business model. On the technological front, the Group serves 
its customers through state-of-the-art alternative delivery channels, including internet and telephone 
banking platforms that utilise cutting edge technologies such as client-recognising interfaces. As of 
31 December 2022, the number of the Group’s active internet and mobile banking customers (consisting of 
all customers with at least one successful log-in within the prior three-month period but excluding 
Enpara.com-only customers) totalled 2.7 million, representing 33% of the Group’s total active customers. 
This innovation is a necessary component of enabling the Group to maintain close relationships with its 
customers and compete successfully. 

Growth in targeted customer segments. Following the shift in the regulatory environment towards SME and 
corporate and commercial lending, the Group has utilised its extensive distribution network and strong focus 
on customer service to increase its footprint in SME loans, commercial instalment loans and business demand 
deposits, which grew, on a Bank-only basis, at CAGRs of 24.0%, 14.8% and 44.1%, respectively, from 
31 December 2015 to 31 December 2022. The Bank has also benefitted from the government announcement 
in December 2016 that the Turkish Treasury will provide a guarantee for SME loans up to an aggregate 
amount of TL 250 billion via the Credit Guarantee Fund (Kredi Garanti Fonu) (the “KGF”), which aimed to 
boost economic growth and support companies with high potential that have difficulty accessing funding due 
to collateralisation constraints. In February 2018, the available amount under the KGF programme was 
increased by TL 55 billion. In May 2018, a further increase of TL 35 billion was implemented to replace the 
KGF-guaranteed loans that had already been repaid. As of January 2019, an additional TL 20 billion limit 
was allocated by the government under the KGF guarantee for the use of SMEs with 2017 annual turnover 
of TL 25 million or less. On 6 March 2019, an additional TL 25 billion limit was allocated by the government 
for the use of SMEs with a yearly turnover of TL 125 million or less without any industry-specific limitations. 
On 30 March 2020, in order to address the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the amount 
available under the KGF programme was increased from TL 25 billion to TL 50 billion and the total amount 
of guarantees that may be given by the KGF was increased from TL 250 billion to TL 500 billion (along with 
increases in the guarantee limits with respect to individual borrower groups). Pursuant to Presidential Decree 
No. 162 dated 11 October 2018, loans guaranteed by the Turkish Treasury under the KGF programme may 
be restructured up to 96 months for working capital loans and up to 156 months for investment loans. Such 
Presidential Decree also requires lenders to provide an opportunity to the borrowers to restructure their KGF-
guaranteed loans prior to any recourse to the KGF guarantee. The Bank has benefited from the funding of 
loans guaranteed by the KGF (TL 2.0 billion loans as of 31 December 2022). SME and corporate and 
commercial banking customers have also been an important component of the Group’s demand deposit base, 
representing 46.5% of the Group’s Turkish Lira-denominated demand deposits as of 31 December 2022, 
compared to 40.5% as of 31 December 2021 and 41.9% as of 31 December 2020. 

Experienced management team. The Group benefits from an experienced and committed executive 
management team that has successfully delivered the Group’s growth initiatives and will continue to drive 
future strategy. The key members of the Group’s senior management have served the Group, on average, for 
18 years as of the date of this Base Prospectus, which demonstrates a commitment to the Group and results 
in continuity in senior management, providing an invaluable asset to the Group. In addition, the Group’s 
senior managers had, on average, 23.1 years of experience in the financial services and related industries, 
both in Türkiye and abroad, as of 31 December 2022. 
Strategy 
The Bank’s overall strategy is to establish a leading position in the Turkish banking market, in terms of return on 
average total assets, while focusing more heavily on its SME and corporate and commercial banking businesses. To this end, 
the Group aims to build lifelong and successful partnerships with all of its stakeholders through understanding and fulfilling 
their needs. The key elements of the Group’s strategy are set out below: 

Grow the loan book, primarily across the SME and corporate and commercial segments. The Group intends 
to increase the size of its loan book by focusing on growth in its SME and corporate and commercial loan 
portfolio, while selectively growing its retail loan portfolio. The Group has shifted its primary focus since

--- Page 24 ---
5 
 
2012 to its SME and corporate and commercial banking segments, where it aims to capture additional market 
share over the medium term. The Group’s management believes that there is a significant opportunity to 
continue to increase its market share in SME and corporate and commercial banking and aims to continue to 
achieve above-market growth in its SME and corporate and commercial loan business. To achieve this 
objective, the Group has focused on higher-quality service for its customers. For example, product and 
service lines previously serving SME businesses in various segments and divisions of the Group were 
combined into one division, with the marketing and sales activities of these segments streamlined to more 
effectively apply best practices and focus on growing the Group’s SME banking activities. In the corporate 
and commercial business segment, the Group has made organisational changes such as branch specialisation 
and centralisation of operational tasks in an effort to boost cost effectiveness, sales effectiveness and 
customer service. The Group has made significant progress in executing this aspect of its strategy. The Bank’s 
growth rate of its business loans was 27.3%, 49.2% and 64.2% for 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively, which 
compares to 4.0%, 24.8% and 39.8% for its Private Sector Peers for the same periods according to the bank-
only financials published in the Public Disclosure Platform (www.kap.gov.tr). On a BRSA bank-only basis, 
the Group’s market share in the SME and corporate and commercial loan markets as of 31 December 2021 
were 4.9% and 3.5%, respectively, and the Bank’s branches represented 4.5% of all bank branches in Türkiye. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group had TL 233.5 billion in SME and corporate and commercial performing 
loans and receivables, compared to TL 142.2 billion as of 31 December 2021 and TL 95.3 billion as of 
31 December 2020. As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s SME banking and corporate and commercial loans 
per branch on a BRSA bank-only basis amounted to an average of TL 535.5 million, compared to an average 
of TL 523.6 million for the Group’s Private Sector Peers according to the bank-only financials published in 
the Public Disclosure Platform (www.kap.gov.tr). 

Increase net operating income through the maturing of the branch network and its alternative delivery 
channels, including Enpara.com. Having invested heavily in its branch network over several years through 
2013, the Group has more recently aimed to maintain the number of its branches at approximately the current 
levels. In 2022, the number of the Group’s branches was reduced by eight branches as a result of routine and 
ongoing analysis to optimise branch locations. The Group’s average branch age (16.9 years as of 
31 December 2022) is low compared to its Private Sector Peers (average branch age of 32.2 years as of such 
date according to statistics published by the Banks Association of Türkiye). Based upon the observed 
performance of a subset of the Group’s branches, the Group’s management expects the newer branches to 
generate more deposits and loans per branch as they mature. In addition to supporting its branch network, the 
Group intends to continue to increase its investments in alternative delivery channels, particularly in mobile 
banking and internet-based channels. The Group’s management also intends to increase the volume of 
products and services offered through Enpara.com, which began offering relatively small loans at competitive 
interest rates in August 2014. 

Continue to reduce cost of risk. Since 2012, the Group has shifted the composition of its loan book towards 
SME and corporate and commercial loans and reduced its exposure to retail loan products. As of 
31 December 2022, the ratio of the Group’s performing loans and receivables from credit cards, mortgages, 
SME loans and corporate and commercial loans to the total performing loans and receivables was 18.4%, 
0.9%, 18.2% and 48.2%, respectively, compared to 14.7%, 1.7%, 15.7% and 54.1%, respectively, as of 
31 December 2021 and 11.9%, 2.8%, 19.3% and 48.7%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020. The Bank’s 
management expects the change in the composition of the loan book to help maintain the cost of risk at 
around current levels. As of 31 December 2022, the specific cost of risk for SME loans and corporate and 
commercial loans was (0.4)% and 0.2%, respectively, and 0.7% and 0.6% for credit cards and consumer 
loans, respectively. 

Continue to focus on cost efficiency. The Group intends to build upon existing cost management policies and 
initiatives by maintaining its strong focus on cost control and seeking ways to optimise its costs. This focus 
will be driven by the increase in the Group’s scale of operations while aiming to eliminate any inefficiency 
that may arise as the number of the Group’s customers increases. The Group intends to maintain its current 
number of branches and focus on increasing the productivity of its existing branch network as measured by 
customer deposits, gross loans and profit per branch. A particular focus is being made to decrease the ratio 
of operating expenses to total assets through the development of the Bank’s newer branches to produce results 
similar to those demonstrated by the Bank’s more established branches. The Group intends to further promote

--- Page 25 ---
6 
 
cost efficiency and lower operating expenses by reducing its sales network personnel and increasing the 
number of loans managed per sales person. The Group expects to achieve this in part due to the relatively 
lower servicing costs associated with SME and corporate and commercial loans compared to retail credits. 
The Group’s business banking segment also has a higher number of products per customer (4.0 as of 
31 December 2022) when compared with the retail segment (3.9 as of 31 December 2022). For 2021, the 
Group’s other operating expenses (which excludes personnel costs but includes, inter alia, operational lease 
related expenditures, repair and maintenance expenses and advertising and promotional expenses) of TL 1.6 
million increased only slightly from TL 1.3 million in 2020, increasing again in 2022 to TL 4.3 million 
(which, while a large percentage increase, increased significantly less than inflation). 

Maintain diversified sources of funding and a strong capital base. The Group seeks to maintain its loans to 
deposits ratio (plus its Turkish Lira-denominated bonds) at or around current levels (91.8% as of 
31 December 2022 on a Bank-only basis, compared to an average of 83.8% as of 31 December 2022 for its 
Private Sector Peers on a bank-only basis according to their respective BRSA financial statements). The Bank 
expects to maintain its capital adequacy ratio (which was 15.1% as of 31 December 2022) above the BRSA’s 
required 12.0% threshold. 

Continue to attract and develop talent. Fully aware that its success hinges crucially on the quality, satisfaction 
and commitment of its workforce, the Group intends continuously to seek to attract top talent and develop its 
employees throughout their careers so as to help them achieve their full potential. Measures to achieve this 
objective start at the initial recruitment stage of the employees, followed by educational programmes and 
training opportunities as their careers progress, and the process is supported by a detailed performance 
appraisal system. The Group also utilises the experiences of its successful managers through coaching and 
mentoring programmes for future candidates for managerial positions. 
Risks described in Risk Factors 
Investing in the Notes entails risks. Before investing in the Notes, potential investors should carefully review “Risk 
Factors” below, which sets out certain risks relating to political, economic and legal circumstances, the Turkish banking 
industry, the Group and its business, the Group’s relationship with the Bank’s principal shareholders and the Notes themselves, 
which risks are organised in appropriate categories and sub-categories as required by the Prospectus Regulation. Potential 
investors in the Notes should not consider the factors discussed under “Risk Factors” to be a complete set of all potential risks 
or uncertainties of investing in the Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
7 
The Programme 
The following overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 and does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified 
in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the Conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, 
the applicable Final Terms. This general description only relates to the Conditions of the Notes as set out in this Base 
Prospectus. Notes may be issued under the Programme in a form other than that contemplated in such Conditions, and where 
any such Notes are to be: (a) admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or another regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II or (b) offered to the public in the EEA in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation, a supplement to this Base Prospectus or a new prospectus will be prepared and published by the Issuer. 
Issuer: .................................................  
QNB Finansbank A.Ş.
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI):..  
789000Q21SW842S9IJ58
Description:.........................................  
Global Medium Term Note Programme
Arrangers: ...........................................  
Standard Chartered Bank and/or any other arranger(s) appointed from time to 
time in accordance with the Programme Agreement (each of them an 
“Arranger”). 
Dealers:...............................................  
Arab Banking Corporation (B.S.C.)
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch
 
HSBC Bank plc
 
ING Bank N.V., London Branch
 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc
 
Mizuho International plc
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc
 
QNB Capital LLC
 
Société Générale
 
Standard Chartered Bank 
 
and any other Dealer(s) appointed from time to time in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement.
Risk Factors: .......................................  
There are certain factors that might affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes. In addition, there are certain risk factors that are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Notes. 
For a discussion of certain risk factors relating to Türkiye, the Bank and the Notes 
that prospective investors should carefully consider prior to making an investment 
in the Notes, including certain risks relating to the structure of particular Series 
of Notes and certain market risks, see “Risk Factors.”
Certain Restrictions: ...........................  
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which particular 
laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will 
only be issued in circumstances that comply therewith from time to time (see 
“Transfer and Selling Restrictions”), including the following restriction 
applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus:

--- Page 27 ---
8 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year: Notes having, on the Issue Date 
thereof, a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of the issue are 
accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on 
accepting deposits contained in Section 19 of the FSMA unless they are issued to 
a limited class of professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent.
Fiscal Agent:.......................................
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Programme Size: ................................  
Up to US$5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding as of the time of each 
issuance of Notes. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement.
Distribution: ........................................  
Notes may be distributed by way of private or (other than in the United States) 
public placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.
Currencies: .........................................  
Each Series of Notes may be denominated, and payments in respect of each Series 
of Notes may be made, in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, RMB, Japanese Yen, 
Turkish Lira or, subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any 
other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) 
and set out in the applicable Final Terms.
 
Payments of principal and interest on a Note denominated in Turkish Lira will 
(subject to the following paragraph) be made by the Bank in Turkish Lira; 
however, if “USD Payment Election” is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable and such Note is not represented by a Global Note held by 
Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) (or a nominee thereof), then the holder of 
such Note (or a beneficial interest therein) may make an irrevocable election to 
receive an individual forthcoming payment in U.S. dollars. See Condition 7.8.
 
Payments of principal and interest on a Note denominated in a specified currency 
(the “Specified Currency”) other than U.S. dollars for which DTC is the clearing 
system will be made by the Bank in such Specified Currency to the Exchange 
Agent but will be paid (after conversion by the Exchange Agent) to the investor(s) 
in such Note in U.S. dollars; however, if an investor wishes to receive such 
payment in such Specified Currency, then it may make an affirmative election to 
receive payment on such Note in such Specified Currency. See Condition 7.9.
 
Payment in respect of Notes denominated in Renminbi may be made in U.S. 
dollars if “RMB Currency Event” is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and a RMB Currency Event occurs. See Condition 7.11.
Maturities:...........................................  
Each Series of Notes will have such maturity as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s), subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency.
Issue Price: .........................................  
Notes may be issued at an issue price that is at par or at a discount to, or premium 
over, par (for each Tranche of Notes, its “Issue Price”).

--- Page 28 ---
9 
Form of Notes: ....................................  
Each Series of Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer 
Notes and vice versa. See “Form of the Notes.”
 
Each Series of Notes may be fixed rate notes (“Fixed Rate Notes”), floating rate 
notes (“Floating Rate Notes”) or zero coupon notes (“Zero Coupon Notes”).
Fixed Rate Notes: ...............................  
For each Series of Fixed Rate Notes, interest will be payable on such Interest 
Payment Date(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
or investor(s) and on redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and such Dealer(s) or 
investor(s).
Floating Rate Notes:...........................  
Each Series of Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined:
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as of the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of the relevant Series),
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate (as set out in the applicable Final Terms) 
appearing on the agreed screen page of a commercial quotation service, 
or
 
(c) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) or investor(s).
 
The margin (if any) relating to a Tranche of Floating Rate Notes will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s). Floating Rate Notes 
may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both.
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed prior 
to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s), will be payable on 
such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction (as such term is used in Condition 6.6), as set out in the applicable 
Final Terms.
Zero Coupon Notes:............................  
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount 
and will not bear interest.
Benchmark Discontinuation - 
Reference Rate Replacement: ............  
 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event for a Series of Floating Rate Notes other 
than any Series of Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is SOFR and 
for which Condition 6.7(II) is indicated in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Issuer may (subject to certain conditions and following 
consultation with an Independent Advisor) determine a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread 
and any Benchmark Amendments in accordance with Condition 6.7(I). 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event for a Series of Floating Rate Notes for 
which the Reference Rate is SOFR and for which Condition 6.7(II) is indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Benchmark Replacement 
shall replace the then-current Benchmark and, in either case, the applicable

--- Page 29 ---
10 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and any Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes shall be determined in accordance with Condition 6.7(II). 
Redemption: ........................................  
The applicable Final Terms for a Tranche of Notes will indicate either that such 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation 
reasons or as a result of an acceleration due to an Event of Default) or that such 
Notes also will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the applicable 
Noteholders upon giving notice to the applicable Noteholders or the Issuer, as the 
case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a 
price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) and set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Denomination of Notes: .....................  
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) and set out in the applicable Final 
Terms, except that the minimum denomination of each Note to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II and/or that are to be 
offered to the public in a Member State in circumstances that would otherwise 
require the publication of a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation will 
be: (a) such minimum amount as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any applicable laws and (b) 
equal to, or greater than, €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency as of the applicable Issue 
Date).
 
Notwithstanding the above, and unless set forth in the applicable Final Terms 
otherwise, IAI Definitive Notes and beneficial interests in IAI Global Notes will 
be issued only in minimum denominations of US$500,000 and integral multiples 
of US$1,000 in excess thereof (or its approximate equivalent in the applicable 
Specified Currency at the applicable Issue Date).
Taxation; Payment of Additional 
Amounts: .............................................  
All payments of principal and interest on the Notes (including with respect to the 
Coupons, if any) by (or on behalf of) the Issuer will be made without withholding 
or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, levies, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature (“Taxes”) imposed, 
assessed or levied by (or on behalf of) any Relevant Jurisdiction unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will (subject 
to certain exceptions) pay such additional amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as 
shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the 
Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts that would have been receivable on the Notes (including with respect to 
the Coupons, if any) in the absence of the withholding or deduction. See 
“Taxation – Certain Turkish Tax Considerations” and Condition 9.1.
 
All payments on the Notes (including with respect to the Coupons, if any) will be 
made subject to any withholding or deduction required pursuant to FATCA, as 
provided in Condition 7.1; it being understood that, in accordance with 
Condition 9.1, in no event will the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any other Person 
be required to pay any Additional Amounts or other amounts in respect of the 
Notes (including on Coupons) for, or on account of, any FATCA Withholding 
Tax.
Negative Pledge: .................................  
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as further 
described in Condition 4.

--- Page 30 ---
11 
Certain Covenants: .............................  
The Conditions (except, for any Series, as altered in the Final Terms for such 
Series) provide that the Bank agrees to certain covenants, including covenants 
limiting transactions with affiliates. See Condition 5.
Events of Default: ...............................  
The Conditions provide that the Notes will be subject to certain Events of Default, 
including (among others) non-payment, breach of obligations, cross-acceleration 
and certain bankruptcy and insolvency events. See Condition 11.
Status of the Notes: .............................  
The Notes and Coupons will (except, with respect to any Series, to the extent 
provided otherwise in a supplement to the Agency Agreement, for which a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus might be prepared or a further prospectus 
issued) be direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4) will rank pari passu without any preference or priority 
among themselves and with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, 
bankruptcy, liquidation or similar event relating to the Issuer, only to the extent 
permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors’ rights.
Rating: ................................................  
The Programme has been rated “B-” (for long-term issuances) and “B” (for short-
term issuances) by Fitch and “B3” (for long-term issuances) and “Not Prime” (for 
short-term issuances) by Moody’s. As of the date of this Base Prospectus: (a) the 
“Ratings Definitions” of Fitch describe this rating as indicating that: (i) material 
default risk is present but a limited margin of safety remains and (ii) financial 
commitments of the Issuer are currently being met; however, capacity for 
continued payment is vulnerable to deterioration in the business and economic 
environment (and the assignment of the modifier “-” denotes the relative status of 
the Notes within the “B” rating category), and (b) Moody’s “Rating Symbols and 
Definitions” defines this rating as reflecting an obligation that is speculative and 
subject to high credit risk (and the assignment of the numerical modifier “3” 
indicates that Moody’s considers the Notes to fall within the lower end of this 
credit rating category). 
Series of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the 
initial such rating(s) will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating (if any) assigned to the Programme by the 
relevant rating agency. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency.
ERISA: ................................................  
Subject to certain conditions, the Notes may be invested in by an “employee 
benefit plan” as defined in and subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), of the United States, a 
“plan” as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or any entity whose 
underlying assets include “plan assets” of any of the foregoing. See “Certain 
Considerations for ERISA and other U.S. Employee Benefit Plans.”
Listing and Admission to Trading: ....  
An application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued during the 
period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the 
Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market.
 
Notes of a Series may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such 
other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s). Notes that are neither listed nor admitted

--- Page 31 ---
12 
to trading on any market may also be issued. The Final Terms for a Tranche will 
state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading 
and, if so, on which stock exchange(s) and/or market(s).
Governing Law: ..................................  
The Notes, the Agency Agreement, the Programme Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant and the Deed Poll, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection therewith, are or will be (as applicable) governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, English law.
Selling Restrictions: ............................  
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) in (inter alia) Türkiye, the United States, the EEA (including 
Belgium), the UK, the PRC, Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan, Switzerland and 
Thailand, and there will be such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes. See 
“Transfer and Selling Restrictions.”
United States Selling Restrictions: .....  
Regulation S (Category 2), Rule 144A and Section 4(a)(2). Bearer Notes with a 
term of greater than one year will be issued in compliance with rules identical to 
those 
provided 
in: 
(a) 
U.S. 
Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(“TEFRA C”) or (b) U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (“TEFRA D”) 
such that the Bearer Notes will not constitute “registration-required obligations” 
under Section 4701(b) of the Code, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Such rules impose certain additional restrictions on transfers of Bearer Notes (or, 
for Bearer Global Notes, beneficial interests therein).

--- Page 32 ---
13 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Notes involves risk. Prospective investors in the Notes should carefully consider the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and the documents (or portions thereof) that are incorporated by reference herein, and in 
particular should consider all of the risks inherent in making such an investment before making a decision to invest in the 
Notes. Investors in the Notes assume the risk that the Issuer might become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all 
payments due in respect of the Notes. 
There is a wide range of factors that individually or together might result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all 
payments due in respect of the Notes. It is not possible to identify all such factors or (other than the most material within each 
category of risks) to rank their materiality as the Issuer might not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors that it 
currently deems not to be material might become material as a result of the occurrence of future events of which the Issuer 
does not have knowledge as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of 
factors that might materially adversely affect its ability to make payments due under the Notes; however, the Issuer does not 
represent that the risks set out herein are exhaustive or that other risks might not arise in the future. In addition, factors 
identified by the Issuer that are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Notes are also 
described below. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should consult with appropriate professional advisors to make their own legal, tax, 
business and financial evaluation of the merits and risks of investing in the Notes. 
As a large national Turkish bank, the Issuer’s business is significantly impacted by the condition of the Turkish 
economy, which itself is significantly influenced by Turkish political circumstances and global economic conditions 
(particularly in those countries with whom Türkiye has a material trading relationship). The category of risk factors entitled 
“Risks Relating to Türkiye” below describes the material risks relating to Türkiye that the Issuer’s management has identified 
as potentially having a material impact on the Issuer, including those impacting materially on its business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations and thus on its ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes. In addition to the 
macroeconomic conditions relating to Türkiye, the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations, and thus its 
ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes, are also subject to significant risks specific to the Group, including the 
ones discussed in the category of risk factors entitled “Risks Relating to the Group and its Business” below. Prospective 
investors in the Notes should also consider risks relating to the structure of, and market for, the Notes, the material ones of 
which that have been identified by the Issuer’s management are described in the category of risk factors entitled “Risks Relating 
to the Notes” below. 
The exposure of the Group’s business to a market downturn in Türkiye or the other markets in which it operates, or 
any other risks, might exacerbate or trigger other risks that the Group faces. For example, if the Group incurs substantial losses 
due to an economic downturn in Türkiye, then its need for liquidity and/or capital might rise sharply while its access to such 
liquidity and/or capital might be impaired. In addition, in conjunction with an economic downturn, the Group’s customers 
might experience substantial financial difficulties of their own, thereby weakening their financial condition and increasing the 
credit risk of the Group’s exposure to such customers. As such, the below risks should be understood in the context that more 
than one might apply concurrently and compound any adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or 
results of operations. 
Risks Relating to Türkiye 
The most material risk to the Issuer’s ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes is that its business, including 
its loan portfolio, deposit base and government securities holdings, is concentrated in Türkiye. For example, as of 31 December 
2022: (a) the Bank’s loans (net) constituted 58.5% of its total assets, substantially all of which loans were made to borrowers 
located in Türkiye, (b) the Bank’s deposits from customers (excluding interbank customers) constituted 61.6% of its total 
liabilities, almost all of which deposits were located in Türkiye, and (c) 16.4% of the Bank’s total assets were invested in 
securities issued by the Turkish Treasury. In addition, the Group’s non-Turkish business and assets (including those of the 
Bank’s branch in Bahrain) are largely related to Türkiye, such as being related to Turkish customers, exports and imports. 
The Group’s business is significantly dependent upon its customers’ desire to deposit funds with the Group and borrow 
money from the Group and their ability to meet their obligations to the Group, all of which is materially impacted by the 
strength of the Turkish economy. A slowdown or downturn in the Turkish economy because of, among other factors, inflation,

--- Page 33 ---
14 
an increase in domestic interest rates, a decrease in domestic or external demand, an increase in unemployment, changes in 
monetary or fiscal policy or changes in exchange rates for the Turkish Lira might reduce the demand for the Group’s services 
and products, negatively impact the ability of the Group’s customers to meet their obligations to the Group and/or decrease the 
amount of deposits held at the Group. 
Accordingly, the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations are significantly subject to the 
political and economic conditions prevailing in Türkiye, investors’ confidence in Türkiye, the Turkish regulatory environment 
and other conditions relating to Türkiye. These principal sub-categories of the risks relating to Türkiye are set out in “-Political 
Conditions,” “-Economic Conditions” and “-Turkish Regulatory and Other Matters” below. 
Political Conditions 
The political circumstances in Türkiye have had (and will continue to have) a material influence on the Turkish 
economy, which in turn have resulted (and will continue to result) in material impacts on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. These conditions include (inter alia) domestic political events, Türkiye’s relationship 
with other nations, internal and regional conflicts and the regulatory framework in Türkiye. The political conditions that the 
Issuer’s management has identified as having a material impact on the Issuer, including on its ability to make payments due in 
respect of the Notes, are set out in this section. 
Political Developments – Political developments in Türkiye might negatively affect the Group’s business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations 
Negative changes in Türkiye’s domestic and/or international political circumstances, including the inability of the 
Turkish government to devise or implement appropriate economic programmes and the level of investor confidence in 
Türkiye’s economic programmes and governance, might adversely affect the stability of the Turkish economy and, in turn, the 
Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
The Turkish political environment has at times been volatile, specifically following an attempted coup on 15 July 
2016 by a group within the Turkish army. Following the coup attempt, including during a two year state of emergency 
implemented by the government, the government has: (a) initiated legal proceedings against numerous institutions (including 
schools, universities, hospitals, associations and foundations), some of which were closed down, (b) arrested, discharged or 
otherwise limited thousands of members of the military, the judiciary and the civil service, (c) restricted media outlets and (d) 
otherwise taken actions in response to the coup attempt, including expansion of these actions to members of the business 
community and the journalism sector. 
In elections held on 24 June 2018, President Erdoğan received approximately 53% of the votes, being re-elected as 
the President, and the Justice and Development Party (Adalet ve Kalkınma Partisi (the “AKP”)), the President’s party, and the 
Nationalist Movement Party (Milliyetçi Hareket Partisi) (MHP), which formed the “People’s Alliance” bloc with the AKP, 
together received sufficient votes to hold a majority of the seats in Parliament. As of 9 July 2018, the parliamentary system was 
transformed into a presidential one and President Erdoğan thus now holds the additional powers granted to the President 
pursuant to a referendum held on 16 April 2017. 
On 9 July 2018, President Erdoğan announced the new ministers of his cabinet, which included the appointment of 
the former minister of Energy and Natural Resources and his son-in-law, Berat Albayrak, as the Minister of Treasury and 
Finance. On 6 July 2019, the governor of the Central Bank was removed from his post by a Presidential Decree and, on the 
same day, President Erdoğan appointed Mr. Murat Uysal, one of the Central Bank’s then-deputy governors, as the new governor 
of the Central Bank. This was followed on 9 August 2019 by the board of the Central Bank, as part of its reorganisation, 
removing from office its chief economist and some other high-ranking officials. On 8 November 2020, Mr. Albayrak resigned 
from his position as Minister of Treasury and Finance and was promptly replaced by Mr. Lutfi Elvan, a former Minister of 
Development and Minister of Transport, Maritime and Communication. Following the depreciation of the Turkish Lira to its 
weakest value to that date (exceeding TL 8.5 per U.S. dollar), the governor of the Central Bank was replaced by a Presidential 
Decree on 7 November 2020 and then (on 20 March 2021) was replaced again after a series of rate increases. The dismissal of 
Mr. Naci Ağbal, the then-governor of the Central Bank on 20 March 2021, led to a negative market reaction, with investors’ 
sales of certain Turkish assets leading to the value of the Borsa İstanbul 100 stock index declining by 9.6% in a week and the 
Turkish Lira depreciating by 9.9% against the U.S. dollar (from TL 7.27 per U.S. dollar before the dismissal of the governor 
to TL 7.99 per U.S. dollar) during the same period. The Central Bank policy rate increased throughout 2020 and into 2021

--- Page 34 ---
15 
(topping at 19.00% from March to September 2021) as a result of ongoing higher inflation and increasing inflation expectations; 
however, contrary to the expectations of some market participants, the rate was reduced by 100 basis points (to 18.00%) in 
September 2021, at which time the Central Bank also removed its commitment to keep its policy rate above inflation, creating 
increased uncertainty in the monetary policy framework in Türkiye. 
On 13 October 2021, three members of the Central Bank’s monetary policy committee were replaced, and the Central 
Bank further reduced its policy rate by a larger-than-expected 200 basis points (to 16.00%) on 21 October 2021. On 
18 November 2021, the rate was reduced by a further 100 basis points to 15.00%. On 2 December 2021, during a period of 
depreciation of the Turkish Lira, Mr. Elvan resigned as Minister of Treasury and Finance and was replaced by Mr. Nureddin 
Nebati. On 16 December 2021, the Central Bank reduced its policy rate by another 100 basis points to 14.00%, following which 
the Turkish Lira reached a then all-time low of TL 17.4731/US$1 on 20 December 2021 given the Central Bank’s 
accommodative stance despite high inflationary conditions. Subsequently, the Turkish government, among other things, 
introduced a foreign exchange-protected Turkish Lira deposit scheme in an effort to reduce the volatility in exchange rates and 
lower the inflation rate, as a result of which the Turkish Lira appreciated by 31.1% against the US dollar (to TL 13.3290/US$1) 
from 20 December to 31 December 2021. In 2022, the Central Bank initially held the rate notwithstanding rapidly increasing 
inflation and then, contrary to the expectations of many market participants, reduced the rate to 13.00% on 18 August 2022 and 
again to 12.00% on 22 September 2022, both of which reductions resulted in the Turkish Lira declining to a new all-time low, 
and then further reduced the rate to 10.50% on 20 October 2022, 9.00% on 24 November 2022 and 8.50% on 23 February 
2023. Any failure of the Central Bank and/or the Turkish Treasury to implement effective policies might adversely affect the 
Turkish economy and thus have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations. 
Municipal elections were held on 31 March 2019, as a result of which the AKP lost control of several major cities, 
including İstanbul, Ankara and Antalya; however, the AKP claimed election fraud in, and requested to repeat the elections in, 
İstanbul. On 6 May 2019, the Supreme Election Board ordered a revote for İstanbul mayor in an election to be held on 23 June 
2019. In the revote, Mr. Ekrem İmamoğlu, the CHP’s candidate who had been declared the winner of the 31 March 2019 
elections and had been installed as mayor until the revote decision of the Supreme Election Board, increased his majority to 
54.21% and he was reinstalled as mayor on 27 June 2019. In December 2022, a court convicted Mr. İmamoğlu of violating a 
law prohibiting insulting public officials, for which he was sentenced to over two years in prison, which sentence is currently 
being appealed. The next Turkish general and presidential elections are scheduled for 14 May 2023, the run-up to which might 
result in an increase in political uncertainty. 
In addition to domestic events, there has from time to time been political tension between Türkiye and the EU, certain 
members of the EU and the United States. With respect to the EU, see “-Relationship with the European Union” below. With 
respect to the United States, various events during recent years have impacted the relationship, including: (a) the conflicts 
against the self-proclaimed jihadist Islamic State (“ISIS”) and in Syria, (b) relationships with Iran (including the purchase of 
oil from Iran), (c) the October 2019 U.S. federal indictment of state-controlled bank Türkiye Halk Bankası A.Ş. (“Halkbank”) 
asserting violations of U.S. sanctions on Iran, (d) the arrest and detention of Pastor Andrew Brunson in 2018, (e) Türkiye’s 
December 2017 entry into a contract with Russia for the purchase of S-400 missile defence systems as described further below 
and (f) Türkiye’s position with Russia in light of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine (particularly in light of U.S., UK and 
EU sanctions against Russia). Such events have resulted in a number of actions by the U.S. from time to time, including the 
temporary imposition of sanctions in 2018 and the temporary suspension of visa services to Turkish nationals. Any such events 
or future events might materially alter the relationship between Türkiye and the United States, particularly in the context of the 
Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 (see “-Terrorism and Conflicts”). 
In December 2017, Türkiye entered into a contract with Russia for the purchase of S-400 missile defence systems, the 
first shipments of which were received on 12 July 2019. As a result, Türkiye was excluded from NATO’s F-35 stealth fighter 
jet programme on 17 July 2019. On 11 December 2020, the U.S. Congress passed (on a bipartisan basis) an annual defense 
spending bill that included a requirement that (within 30 days from enactment) sanctions be imposed by the U.S. administration 
upon Türkiye in connection with Türkiye’s purchase of the S-400 missile defence systems and, on 14 December 2020, the U.S. 
administration announced sanctions on Türkiye’s Presidency of Defence Industries (the “SSB”) and its president and other 
senior officers pursuant to Section 231, widely known as CAATSA (the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions 
Act), for Türkiye’s continued possession of the Russian S-400 missile defence system. The imposed sanctions include: (a) a 
ban on all U.S. export licenses and authorisations to the SSB and (b) an asset freeze and visa restrictions on the SSB’s president 
and other SSB officers. While such sanctions were less impactful than others that were available to be imposed and did not 
have a material impact on Turkish markets, it is uncertain if the U.S. will impose additional sanctions or other measures against

--- Page 35 ---
16 
Türkiye and, if imposed, how such might impact the Turkish economy and/or the relationship between Türkiye and any other 
NATO member. 
In October 2020, conflict broke out between Armenia and Azerbaijan over the disputed territory of Nagorno-
Karabakh. Türkiye supported the efforts by Azerbaijan, which again put it in conflict with Russian interests. 
In late 2021, the Taliban, a Sharia Islamic militant group, took over Afghanistan, which has created expectations of a 
potential new migration wave through Europe and Türkiye. President Erdoğan and other high-level Turkish officials have made 
various statements noting that Türkiye will not shoulder the burden of a new migration wave; however, there is no certainty as 
to what impact on Türkiye any such migration might have. Türkiye’s future relationship with the Taliban is also uncertain 
given the complex geopolitical circumstances relating to Afghanistan. 
The above-mentioned events, future elections, changes in the governance and operation of Türkiye’s institutions 
and/or other political circumstances might: (a) result in the volatility of Turkish financial markets, have an adverse effect on 
investors’ perception of Türkiye and its institutions, including with respect to their actual or perceived independence, and/or 
have an adverse effect on Türkiye’s ability to support economic growth and manage domestic social conditions, (b) result in 
(or contribute to) a deterioration of the relationship between Türkiye and the EU, certain members of the EU, the United States, 
Russia and/or other countries and/or (c) have an adverse impact on the Turkish economy or Turkish institutions, any of which 
in turn might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations and/or on 
the market price of an investment in the Notes. 
Terrorism and Conflicts – Türkiye and its economy are subject to external and internal unrest and the threat of terrorism 
Türkiye is located in a region that has been subject to ongoing political and security concerns, including political 
instability and frequent incidences of violence in a number of countries in the Middle East and North Africa. In particular, the 
conflicts in Syria and Afghanistan and against ISIS have been the subject of significant international attention and conditions 
in the region remain volatile. Unrest in these countries might affect Türkiye’s relationships with its neighbours, have political 
implications both within Türkiye and in its relationship with other countries and/or have a negative impact on the Turkish 
economy, including through both financial markets and the real economy. Such impacts might occur (inter alia) through the 
significant movement of Syrian and Afghan refugees (including through Türkiye into the EU), a lower flow of foreign direct 
investment into Türkiye, capital outflows and/or increased volatility in the Turkish financial markets. 
In connection with the conflicts in Syria, there have been military and civilian hostilities in both directions across the 
Syrian-Turkish border followed by the commencement by the Turkish military to establish a “safe zone” in northern Syria, 
which might have political repercussions both within Türkiye and in its relationship with the United States, Russia, Syria, Iran 
and/or other countries and/or have an adverse impact on the Turkish economy. See “-Political Developments” above. The on-
going conflict with the Kurdistan Worker’s Party (the “PKK”) also might (inter alia) negatively impact the Turkish economy 
and/or Türkiye’s relationship with the United States. 
The Turkish military commenced military operations in northern Syria in October 2019. This engagement expanded, 
including in particular around Idlib, and has resulted in many Turkish casualties and increased direct conflicts between the 
Turkish and Syrian militaries. Although Türkiye and Russia reached a ceasefire agreement in March 2020, a permanent 
diplomatic solution has not yet been reached and it is possible that this conflict might escalate further. The conflicts in Nagorno-
Karabakh described in “-Political Developments” also might contribute to further disagreements between Türkiye and Russia. 
Most recently, Russia invaded Ukraine on 24 February 2022, triggering significant geopolitical tension. As a result 
thereof, the United States, the UK, the EU and other jurisdictions have imposed significant and broad economic and other 
sanctions upon Russia, parts of Russian-controlled Ukraine and various designated entities and individuals that have contributed 
military and other supplies to Ukraine, which included restrictions on the import of Russian oil and transactions with the 
Russian central bank and a number of Russian banks. Certain countries froze the assets of the Russian central bank and the 
United States barred U.S. agents and other financial intermediaries from making payments on Russian debt payments, making 
it harder for Russia to repay its international debts (in June 2022, Russia defaulted on part of its foreign currency-denominated 
debt). Some Russian banks have been removed from the international financial messaging system SWIFT and several 
international companies have disposed of, liquidated, suspended or otherwise limited their businesses in Russia. This has 
already had, and likely will continue to have, a material impact on: (a) global economic and market conditions, including 
increasing inflation (particularly for food, energy and shipping costs), contributing to volatility in interest and exchange rates

--- Page 36 ---
17 
and exacerbating already difficult global supply chain challenges (including through limitations on imports to and exports from 
Russia), and (b) geopolitical relationships and militarisation. According to the International Monetary Fund’s January 2023 
World Economic Outlook report, the war in Ukraine (including sanctions on Russia) has negatively impacted global economic 
growth and increase inflation, with estimates that Ukraine and Russia experienced declines in real gross domestic product 
(“GDP”) of 35.0% (from such report in April 2022) and 2.2%, respectively, in 2022, and growth for the EU in 2022 being 
reduced to 3.5% from a pre-war prediction of 3.9%. Projections for global growth in 2022 were also reduced to 3.4% from 
January 2022’s prediction of 4.4%. It is also possible that this war could lead to further military conflicts, particularly involving 
Eastern Europe, and extension or escalations in the conflict could lead to additional sanctions being imposed on Russia, thereby 
leading to more economic disruption. While, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Turkish government has indicated that 
it seeks to maintain functioning relationships with all parties, there can be no certainty as to how events might develop and 
their impact on Türkiye, including due to Türkiye’s complex relationship with Russia and Türkiye’s membership in NATO 
(including its ability to veto new NATO applicants, such as Sweden). 
In 2022, Türkiye received 5.1 million and 0.6 million tourists from Russia and Ukraine, respectively, representing 
10.99% of all international tourists during the year. The total exports to Russia and Ukraine were US$9.3 billion and US$3.1 
billion, respectively, in 2022, jointly representing 4.9% of Türkiye’s exports during the year. The total imports from Russia 
and Ukraine were US$58.8 billion and US$4.5 billion, respectively, in 2022, jointly representing 17.4% of Türkiye’s imports 
during the year, with the large imports from Russia relating primary to energy. Any negative impacts on these results relating 
to the war in Ukraine might have a significant adverse effect on the Turkish economy, including the balance of payments and 
inflation. In addition, as Türkiye is a net energy importer, higher global oil and natural gas prices might result in higher energy 
costs for consumers and companies (in March 2022, Brent crude oil prices increased to the highest level since 2008, which 
prices then declined but might increase further, including as a result of the conflict in Ukraine and related sanctions, particularly 
if Russian energy supplies become subjected to additional sanctions and/or Russia continues to reduce or stops its supply of 
energy to Europe). These increases in the current account deficit, particularly when combined with monetary tightening in 
developed economies, might contribute to the depreciation pressure on the Turkish Lira, which might result in even higher 
inflation in Türkiye. 
The above (or similar) circumstances have had and might continue to have a material adverse effect on the Turkish 
economy and thus on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations, whether as a result of: (a) direct 
impacts on the Turkish economy (such as a result of any disruption to energy flows from Russia or reductions in tourism, 
whether as a result of sanctions or otherwise) or indirect impacts (such as from increasing global inflation, volatility in energy 
and commodity prices, disruptions to supply chains and related impacts on global growth, increased funding costs, decreased 
liquidity and/or decreased access to wholesale funding markets) and/or (b) any deterioration in the relationship between Türkiye 
and the United States, Russia and/or other countries. 
Relationship with the European Union – Uncertainties relating to Türkiye’s relationship with the European Union might 
adversely affect the Turkish financial markets and result in greater volatility 
Türkiye has had a long-term relationship with the EU, including as a candidate country for EU membership since the 
Helsinki European Council of December 1999. The EU resolved on 17 December 2004 to commence accession negotiations 
with Türkiye and affirmed that Türkiye’s candidacy to join the EU was to be judged by the same 28 criteria (or “Chapters”) 
applied to other candidates. These criteria require a range of political, legislative and economic reforms to be implemented. 
Although Türkiye has implemented various of these reforms and has continued harmonisation efforts with the EU, the 
relationship between the EU and Türkiye has at times been strained, including due to the passage of Syrian and other refugees 
through Türkiye into the EU. The Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe voted on 25 April 2017 to restart 
monitoring Türkiye in connection with human rights, the rule of law and the state of democracy and officials of the EU and 
certain of its member states have since made various references about the suspension of negotiations for Türkiye’s potential 
membership in the EU. On 15 July 2019, the EU adopted certain measures against Türkiye over Türkiye’s drilling for gas in 
waters off Cyprus, including reducing certain funding (including loans via the European Investment Bank) and the suspension 
of high level communications and of the negotiations for a comprehensive air transport agreement. On 11 November 2019, the 
EU adopted a framework for imposing sanctions on individuals or entities responsible for, or involved in, these drilling 
activities and, in February 2020, instituted sanctions against two executives of the Turkish drilling company. Tensions have 
also risen between Greece and Türkiye relating to disputed claims over Mediterranean waters, particularly in areas around 
Cyprus in which significant hydrocarbon reserves have been discovered. In October 2020, both France and Greece asked the 
EU to consider suspending the bloc’s customs union agreement with Türkiye and, on 26 November 2020, the European

--- Page 37 ---
18 
Parliament passed a non-binding resolution calling for sanctions on Türkiye. On 11 December 2020, EU leaders agreed to 
impose sanctions against unspecified individuals and entities involved in activities related to the disputed waters, with the 
identity of these individuals and sanctions to be named shortly thereafter, and noted that further sanctions might be imposed in 
early 2021; however, in March 2021, EU leaders decided to postpone these plans in light of increased diplomatic activity. Any 
decision by the EU to abolish or limit the customs union with Türkiye, end Türkiye’s EU accession bid or impose additional 
sanctions on Türkiye might result in (or contribute to) a deterioration of the relationship between Türkiye and the EU and have 
material negative impacts on Türkiye’s economy. 
These circumstances might result in (or contribute to) a deterioration of the relationship between Türkiye and the EU 
and/or certain of its member states. There can be no assurance that the EU or Türkiye will continue to maintain an open approach 
to Türkiye’s EU membership or that Türkiye will be able to meet all the criteria applicable to becoming an EU member state. 
In the event of a loss of market confidence as a result of deterioration, suspension or termination in Türkiye’s EU accession 
discussions or any other international relations between Türkiye and the EU (or any of its member states), the Turkish economy 
might be adversely affected, which might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or 
results of operations. 
Economic Conditions 
As a large national bank in Türkiye, the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations are significantly 
dependent upon the economic conditions in Türkiye. In addition to domestic influences on the strength of Türkiye’s economy, 
Türkiye’s economy has been and will continue to be significantly impacted by a number of external factors, including (inter 
alia) the economic conditions of Türkiye’s primary trading partners, external fund flows, international trade, interest rate and 
other actions by the U.S. Federal Reserve and the ECB, geopolitical tensions and fiscal, regulatory and other actions by other 
governments. These and other factors might have a material adverse impact on international financial markets and/or economic 
conditions, which, in turn, might result in a material adverse effect on the Turkish economy and thereby might have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. In addition, these factors might disrupt 
payment systems, money markets, long-term and short-term fixed income markets, foreign exchange markets, commodities 
markets and equity markets, including adversely affecting the cost and availability of funding for the Group. 
In recent years, Türkiye’s GDP growth rates have been volatile. In the first three months of 2020, GDP increased by 
4.4% compared to the same period of the previous year; however, GDP sharply decreased by 10.3% in the second quarter of 
the year driven by the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. GDP then returned to strong growth in the third and fourth quarters 
of 2020, which growth was supported by an increase in investments and household consumption benefitting from 
accommodative monetary policy and high credit growth. As a result, and notwithstanding the pandemic’s continuing impact 
both on Türkiye and globally resulting from the precautions (such as curfews, travel restrictions, factory closures and 
restrictions on public gatherings) taken to minimise the transmission of COVID-19, GDP increased by 1.9% during 2020. 
During 2021, GDP increased by 11.4%, which growth was supported by the recovery in global economic activity, moderate 
credit expansion and a favourable base effect, whereas growth during 2022 was 5.6%, due primarily to strong consumption and 
moderate investment and export performances. It should be noted that these GDP results are in inflation-adjusted Turkish Lira 
terms and, as the exchange rate of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar varies (in some years, significantly), these reported 
changes in GDP would have been different (in some years, significantly) were they determined in U.S. dollar terms. With the 
global evolution of the pandemic, there is the risk of the emergence of new virus variants, including those that spread more 
easily, show resilience against the available vaccines and treatments and/or cause higher rates of hospitalisation or death. In 
such circumstances, growth might be weak in the remainder of 2023 and thereafter, which could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition, including through a deterioration in the asset quality of 
the Group’s growing loan portfolio and/or the increasing formation of NPLs (particularly for SMEs and in industries, such as 
tourism and retail, that have been disproportionately impacted by the precautions taken to minimise the transmission of 
COVID-19) (see “-COVID-19”). 
On 6 February 2023, Türkiye was hit by severe earthquakes in Kahramanmaraş, causing destruction in 11 provinces. 
Due to the disaster, a state of emergency was declared in 10 of these provinces for three months. In addition to the significant 
loss of life and damage to infrastructure, the Borsa İstanbul suspended trading of stocks and derivatives for five trading days. 
The Bank’s branches, employees and customers located in the areas directly impacted by the earthquakes have suffered material 
disruptions. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the full impact on Türkiye’s economy is uncertain but is expected to be 
substantial and material. In turn, the extent of the impact on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations

--- Page 38 ---
19 
remains uncertain; however, there will be related costs due to the Group’s support of its customers and staff in the region 
(including the postponement of certain debt payments) and potentially lower income and higher NPLs in the impacted regions. 
Government actions to stimulate the Turkish economy might increase the government debt and budget deficit levels, 
which might in turn contribute adversely to the country’s economic stability. The debt of the Turkish government and 
corporates, both of which significantly rely directly or indirectly upon financing from international creditors, has been 
increasing whereas the Central Bank’s net foreign exchange reserves have recently experienced periods of decline (including 
being negative when swaps are excluded) to levels that might require the Turkish government and corporate borrowers to be 
dependent upon continued access to external funding in order to refinance upcoming debt payments. 
The Group’s banking and other businesses are significantly dependent upon its customers’ ability to make payments 
on their loans and meet their other obligations to the Group. If the Turkish economy suffers because of any of the factors 
described above or any other reason, then this might increase the number of the Group’s customers who are not able to repay 
loans when due or meet their other obligations to the Group or who seek to restructure their loans, which would increase the 
Group’s past due loan portfolio, require the Group to reserve additional provisions and/or reduce its net profit/(loss) and capital 
levels. In addition, volatility in the international or Turkish financial markets and/or economy and/or any tightening in credit 
conditions might result in decreased demand for the Group’s products and services, increased borrowing costs (including due 
to increased competition for deposits) and reduced, or no, access to capital markets. The occurrence of any or all of the above 
might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations, including a 
decline in its net interest income and/or decreases in the Group’s fee and commission income. 
The economic conditions that the Issuer’s management has identified as having a material impact on the Issuer, and 
thus potentially on its ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes, are set out in this sub-category. 
Turkish Economy – The Turkish economy is subject to significant macroeconomic risks 
Since the early 1980s, the Turkish economy has undergone a transformation from a highly protected and regulated 
system to a more open market system. Although the Turkish economy has generally responded positively to this transformation, 
it has experienced severe macroeconomic imbalances, including significant current account deficits, high rates of interest, 
significant currency volatility and persistent unemployment. In addition, the Turkish economy remains vulnerable to both 
external and internal shocks, including volatility in oil prices, changing investor opinion, outbreaks of disease (e.g., SARS and 
the COVID-19 coronavirus) and natural events such as earthquakes (including the powerful earthquakes in southern Türkiye 
in February 2023, which resulted in over 48,000 fatalities and will require significant expense for the government). For 
example, the impact of the COVID-19 coronavirus on the global economy (including precautions taken to minimise 
transmission, including travel restrictions, the closure of factories and restrictions on public gatherings) has increased risks to 
global growth and financial markets. See “-COVID-19” below. Global macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainties, 
slowdown in capital flows to emerging markets and an increasingly protectionist approach to global foreign trade also continue 
to negatively affect the Turkish economy. 
Domestic macroeconomic factors, including the current account deficit, high levels of unemployment (a seasonally 
adjusted 9.7% as of January 2023), high levels of inflation and interest rate and currency volatility, remain of concern, 
particularly in light of the further depreciation of the Turkish Lira. These conditions have had, and likely will continue to have, 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations, including as a result of their 
impact on the Group’s customers. The Turkish government has sought to improve economic growth and, in September 2022, 
the Turkish Treasury published a three-year medium-term economic programme (referred to as the “Medium Term 
Programme”) under which GDP growth was anticipated to be 5.0% for both 2022 and 2023 and 5.5% for both 2024 and 2025; 
however, consumer inflation has substantially exceeded the target for 2022 and is anticipated to remain well above the inflation 
target of 5.0% through the programme period. 
In particular, the general macroeconomic conditions in Türkiye might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
retail and SME customers, both as borrowers and providers of deposits. For example, should the unemployment rate increase, 
the ability of the Group’s retail customers to meet their payment obligations and/or deposit funds with the Bank might be 
reduced. Similarly, reduced demand for goods and services caused by a slowdown in the Turkish economy might significantly 
impact SMEs. Additionally, the significant inflation since 2021 might decrease the ability of retail and other customers to pay 
their debts and/or contribute to economic growth, and their demand for loans and other banking services might decline. Any 
material adverse effect on the Group’s retail and SME customers resulting from macroeconomic conditions might impair the

--- Page 39 ---
20 
Group’s business strategies and have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations. 
The Turkish government has focused on certain strategically defined sectors, including energy, mining, petrochemical, 
pharmacy, tourism, automotive and information, including using Türkiye’s sovereign wealth fund to support investments in 
these strategic sectors. In March 2021, the Turkish government announced “The Economic Reform Package” aiming to 
strengthen fiscal discipline and financial stability. The reforms in the package include supporting SMEs with tax reductions, 
decreasing foreign currency borrowing in order to reduce the sensitivity of the country’s debt stock to external shocks and 
supporting exports and green transformation of industrial companies in order to narrow the current account deficit. The package 
also aims to support employment, encourage transparent and accountable institutionalised governance, promote private sector 
investments and increase competitiveness in domestic markets. There can be no assurance that these targets will be reached or 
that the Turkish government will implement its current and proposed economic and fiscal policies successfully, including the 
Central Bank’s efforts to curtail inflation and simplify monetary policy. 
Since February 2001, the Central Bank has applied a floating exchange rate policy. Exchange rates for the Turkish 
Lira have historically been, and continue to be, highly volatile and recent events have further contributed to significant 
fluctuations in the value of the Turkish Lira and various governmental policies to respond to currency volatility and the resulting 
economic conditions. In recent years, there have been a number of periods of sharp depreciation and some recovery in the value 
of the Turkish Lira (e.g., the Turkish Lira depreciated against the U.S. dollar by 19.1% in 2020, 43.4% in 2021 and 28.7% in 
2022, with significant volatility (particularly from August through November of 2020) driven in part by changes in Central 
Bank policy and regulatory changes and significant declines in the value of the Turkish Lira starting in September 2021 with 
the Central Bank’s decision to reduce policy rates despite very high levels of inflation). The Central Bank has from time to 
time used its interest rate policy, reserve requirements and other tools to try to lower inflationary pressures arising from 
exchange rate volatility, including some fairly large hikes in interest rates in 2018 (which were then followed by large decreases 
in 2019 and early 2020 as inflation moderated and then, notwithstanding the disinflationary impact of COVID-19 pandemic-
related shutdowns, significant increases starting in August 2020 to address a significant depreciation in the value of the Turkish 
Lira; however, contrary to the expectations of some market participants, the Central Bank reduced its policy rate by 100 basis 
points in September 2021 and then, after three members of the Central Bank’s monetary policy committee were replaced on 
13 October 2021, further reduced the policy rate by a larger-than-expected 200 basis points (to 16.00%) on 21 October 2021, 
another 100 basis points (to 15.00%) on 18 November 2021 and another 100 basis points (to 14.00%) on 16 December 2021), 
following which the Turkish Lira reached a then all-time low of TL 17.4731/US$1 on 20 December 2021 given the Central 
Bank’s accommodative stance despite high inflationary conditions. Subsequently, the Turkish government, among other things, 
introduced a foreign exchange-protected Turkish Lira deposit scheme in an effort to reduce the volatility in exchange rates and 
lower the inflation rate, resulting in some improvement in exchange rates. The scheme was announced in respect of retail 
depositors on 20 December 2021 and subsequently expanded to include corporate foreign currency accounts and gold deposit 
accounts in January 2022 and non-resident Turkish nationals in February 2022. In 2022, the Central Bank initially held its 
policy rate notwithstanding rapidly increasing inflation and then, contrary to the expectations of many market participants, 
reduced the rate to 13.00% on 18 August 2022 and again to 12.00% on 22 September 2022, both of which reductions resulted 
in the Turkish Lira declining to a new all-time low, and then further reduced its policy rate to 10.50% on 20 October 2022, 
9.00% on 24 November 2022 and 8.50% on 23 February 2023. The impact of these circumstances, including changes in the 
exchange rates of the Turkish Lira, might have a material adverse effect on the Group, including through borrower defaults, 
increased NPLs, reduced loan volumes and reduced earnings, the revaluation of assets and liabilities (including increases in the 
Turkish Lira-equivalent value of the Group’s obligations in other currencies), a decline in capital and/or rapid changes in the 
economic and legal environment. For example, the Group’s and the Bank’s capital adequacy ratios have been materially 
impacted by the recent depreciation of the Turkish Lira, with (during 2022) every TL 0.1 decrease in the value of the Turkish 
Lira when compared to the U.S. dollar resulting in about a five basis point negative impact on the Group’s and the Bank’s total 
capital adequacy ratios. As of 31 December 2022, this impact has resulted in such ratios declining slightly - while still above 
not only the minimum legal requirement of 8% but also the Group’s internal minimum of 12.5%, the Group might consider 
methods to increase its capital ratios, including through obtaining additional capital. 
As described elsewhere, the BRSA announced rules allowing banks to: (a) use the Central Bank’s foreign exchange 
buying rates as of 30 December 2022 in certain capital and other calculations (replacing an earlier rule allowing the use of the 
Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates as of 31 December 2021) and (b) when making capital calculations, avoid the 
inclusion of mark-to-market losses on securities booked in the “financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income” portfolio. As also described elsewhere, the BRSA has announced regulatory forbearance measures that allow banks 
to use 0% risk weightings for foreign currency-denominated receivables owed by the centralised administration (i.e., Turkish

--- Page 40 ---
21 
state institutions and other public institutions that do not have a separate legal entity and act under the legal entity of the Turkish 
sovereign) while calculating the amount of exposure subject to credit risk in accordance with the standardised approach as 
determined under the Capital Adequacy Regulation. Collectively, these accommodations have had a material positive impact 
on the capital adequacy ratios of the Group and the Bank and, if such were to be discontinued or limited, the Group’s and/or 
the Bank’s capital adequacy ratios would likely decline. 
Any further significant depreciation of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar or other major currencies, or any actions 
taken by the Central Bank or other Turkish authorities to protect the value of the Turkish Lira (such as increased interest rates 
or other policy actions by the Central Bank), might adversely affect the financial condition of Türkiye as a whole, including its 
inflation rate and/or the ability of the Central Bank to implement its policy goals, and might have a material negative effect on 
the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. As of 31 December 2022, the Central Bank had net 
negative foreign exchange reserves (excluding swap transactions), which could further limit the Central Bank’s policy actions, 
including actions to limit any further reductions in foreign currency liquidity in Türkiye. 
Any monetary policy tightening of the U.S. Federal Reserve (including as started in early 2022) and/or the ECB (such 
as the announced wind-down of asset purchases or the interest rate increases started in July 2022), or any other increase in 
market interest rates, particularly if it is more accelerated than expected, might have an adverse impact on Türkiye, including 
on Türkiye’s external financing needs, and might reduce the availability of and/or increase the cost of funding to the Turkish 
banking sector. A reduction of external financing might increase the volatility of exchange rates, which might negatively impact 
macroeconomic conditions, and result in higher costs of funding. 
Should Türkiye’s economy experience macroeconomic imbalances or otherwise be unsuccessful, it might have a 
material adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
COVID-19– The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic has negatively affected the global and Turkish economy and financial 
markets and might continue to disrupt and/or otherwise negatively impact the operations of the Group and/or its clients 
The COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant disruption in the global and Turkish economy and financial markets. 
Within Türkiye and many of its important trading partners, the spread of COVID-19 has caused illness, quarantines, 
cancellation of events and travel, business and school shutdowns, reduction in business activity and financial transactions, 
labour shortages, increased unemployment, supply chain interruptions and overall economic and financial market instability. 
In particular, the Turkish government imposed significant restrictions on activities in 2020 and early 2021, only lifting them 
gradually starting in May 2021 as local inoculation rates grew. The impacts of the pandemic might continue to materially and 
adversely impact the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations in the following ways, among others: 
 
reductions in business and consumer activity and financial transactions, which might lead to a reduction in demand 
for loans and/or the Group’s banking services that generate fee and commission income, 
 
the quality of the Group’s loans and other assets (and the value of collateral securing the same) might deteriorate, 
particularly in those sectors (such as automobiles, textiles, services, real estate and tourism) or those segments (such 
as the Group’s SME segment) that are most dramatically impacted, which might lead (inter alia) to increases in 
provisions (including as a result of the temporary relief for recognition of NPLs described in the fourth paragraph of 
“-Counterparty Credit Risk”), NPLs and/or reductions in customer payments (e.g., loans under credit cards), 
 
to the extent that global trade and travel flows remain subdued for a prolonged period of time, potential overcapacity 
in tourism, transport and logistics infrastructure (including hotels and airports) might lead to a rapid decline in prices 
of these and other properties, which might then lead to a further deterioration of the asset quality of the Group’s loan 
book and, in case of any restructuring with any borrowers resulting in more favourable terms to borrowers, might lead 
to a decrease in income for the Group, 
 
regulatory measures that seek to ease the impact of COVID-19 might (inter alia) affect customer demand for loans 
and/or services, affect pricing in Türkiye’s competitive banking landscape, impose limitations on the Group’s ability 
to enforce its contracts (including with respect to collateral) and/or, for temporary regulatory changes (e.g., the rule 
announced by the BRSA on 23 March 2020 allowing banks to use 31 December 2019 exchange rates in certain capital 
and other calculations, which was then revised by the BRSA on 8 December 2020 (and further extended on 17 June

--- Page 41 ---
22 
2021 and 16 September 2021) to allow banks to use the arithmetic mean of the Central Bank’s foreign exchange 
buying rates during the previous 252 business days until such date as determined by the BRSA (on 21 December 2021, 
the BRSA announced that banks shall (if using this approach) use the average of the Central Bank’s foreign exchange 
buying rates during the 252 business days ending on 31 December 2021, which (for U.S. dollars) was TL 8.8470 as 
opposed to the spot exchange rate of TL 13.0427 in effect on such date; on 28 April 2022, the BRSA amended this 
rule so that, until such date as determined by the BRSA, banks may use the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying 
rates as of 31 December 2021 (i.e., TL 13.3290/US$1) in certain capital and other calculations, and on 31 January 
2023 the BRSA further amended this rule so that, until such date as determined by the BRSA, banks may use the 
Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates as of 30 December 2022 (i.e., TL 18.6983/US$1) in certain capital and 
other calculations)), result in financial calculations that are not comparable to those of previous and later periods 
(including resulting in potentially material changes after such temporary measures terminate), alter the decision-
making process of the Group, positively (but temporarily) increase capital levels and/or make it more difficult for 
investors to assess financial results on a comparative basis, 
 
sources of liquidity available to Turkish borrowers (including the Group) might be reduced and/or more expensive, 
including if sentiments in capital markets further deteriorate or international investors reduce their exposure to 
Türkiye, 
 
continued volatility of the Turkish Lira could affect Türkiye’s current account deficit and/or the ability of Turkish 
borrowers to repay obligations denominated in (or linked to) foreign currencies, which could impact not only the 
Group’s own loan portfolio but also Türkiye’s economy generally, including by way of increased unemployment, 
and/or 
 
some of the Group’s operations might be impacted, such as due to illness among staff or the need to close or limit 
customer access to branches. 
The future impact of the outbreak is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. Due in part to the COVID-19 pandemic, 
the Group experienced an increase in its provisions for Stage 2 loans during 2020, principally due to the Group’s decisions to 
prepare for a potential decline in asset quality; however, the provisions were reduced in 2021 and 2022 as the economy 
normalised. The Bank has exposure to certain sectors that are impacted the most by the COVID-19 pandemic, such as the 
Bank’s loans to the tourism, real estate, trade and transportation sectors (which accounted for 4.73%, 2.79%, 3.44% and 6.72%, 
respectively, of the Group’s performing cash loan portfolio as of 31 December 2021). The slowdown relating to the pandemic 
also negatively impacted fee and commission income (particularly during the second quarter of 2020) due in part to reduced 
customer demand and fee waivers that the Bank has granted to some of its customers during this period; however, this trend 
reversed as volume increased as a result of government support to the economy and pent-up demand. As a result of the impact 
of the COVID-19 pandemic on Türkiye’s fiscal position, the government temporarily increased the level of corporate income 
tax from 22% for earlier fiscal periods to: (a) for the last three quarters of 2021, 25%, (b) for 2022, 23%, and (c) for 2023, 20% 
(25% for banks, including the Bank, and certain other financial institutions), which increases have had and will continue to 
have a corresponding impact on the after-tax income of the Group and its corporate clients. Due to increasing COVID-19 
infections, in April 2021, Türkiye introduced additional restrictive measures, including lockdowns and the closing of 
restaurants. There is no assurance that the outbreak will not lead to a further deterioration of the asset quality of the Group’s 
loan portfolio or otherwise have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations. The extent of the impact, if any, will depend upon future developments, including the speed and efficacy of vaccine 
programmes and other actions taken globally and within Türkiye to contain COVID-19 (including for strains such as Omicron 
sub-variant BA2, which has recently significantly impacted certain developing markets, and any further waves of infections 
and/or new variants). See also “Turkish Regulatory Environment - Additional COVID-19-Related Temporary Measures” for 
information on certain regulatory measures taken against the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
It should be noted that the impact of COVID-19, including actions taken to contain it, might heighten many of the 
other risks noted within these Risk Factors, including through increasing both the probability of negative impacts as well as the 
severity of such impacts.

--- Page 42 ---
23 
Current Account Deficit – An increase in Türkiye’s current account deficit might result in governmental efforts to decrease 
economic activity 
Türkiye’s current account deficit has long created a significant risk for the Turkish economy, including contributing 
to the country’s need for external funding to support its balance-of-payment position. Due to ongoing weakness in economic 
activity, Türkiye’s current account balance in 2019 showed a surplus of US$5.3 billion according to the Central Bank, which 
was the first surplus since 2002, but then reverted to a deficit of US$35.5 billion in 2020, which deficit was primarily due to a 
decrease in exports to Europe and significantly lower tourism revenues arising from the shutdowns for the COVID-19 pandemic 
(e.g., Türkiye’s net tourism revenue fell by 59.3% in 2020 compared with 2019). During 2021, reflecting the recovery in global 
activity, the easing of lockdown measures and significant global policy stimulus, Türkiye’s current account deficit declined to 
US$7.2 billion as a result of increased exports, a moderation in imports (especially gold) and increased tourism revenues. 
During 2022, and despite an increase in export and tourism revenues, Türkiye’s current account deficit increased to US$48.8 
billion due largely to the increase in energy prices (including resulting from the Russian invasion of Ukraine). Various events 
and circumstances, including (inter alia) a sustained rise in energy prices (particularly given the higher energy price 
environment in 2023 and the even higher prevailing prices following the Russian invasion of Ukraine), a decline in Türkiye’s 
foreign trade and tourism revenues (including due to a resurgence of COVID-19 and the impact of the conflict between Russia 
and Ukraine), political risks and changes to Türkiye’s macroeconomic policy (such as with respect to domestic interest rates), 
might result in an increase in the current account deficit. The current account deficit is a principal concern for Turkish policy 
makers as it increases Türkiye’s vulnerability to changes in global macroeconomic conditions, and the Turkish government 
might take policy actions to reduce the current account deficit, including policies that might have a material negative impact 
on domestic growth and consumption. Any negative impact on economic growth or the introduction of policies that curtail the 
economy’s activity might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations. 
Although Türkiye’s economic growth depends to some extent upon domestic demand, Türkiye’s economy is also 
dependent upon trade, in particular with Europe. The EU remains Türkiye’s largest export market. A significant decline in the 
economic growth of any of Türkiye’s major trading partners, such as the EU, might have an adverse impact on Türkiye’s 
balance of trade and adversely affect Türkiye’s economic growth. Diplomatic or political tensions between Türkiye and the EU 
(or any of its member states) or other countries might impact trade or demand for imports and exports. A decline in demand 
for imports into the EU or Türkiye’s other trading partners might have a material adverse effect on Turkish exports and thus 
on Türkiye’s economic growth and thereby result in an increase in Türkiye’s current account deficit. To a lesser extent, Türkiye 
also exports to markets in Russia and the Middle East, and the continuing political and/or economic turmoil in certain of those 
markets might lead to a decline in demand for such imports, with a similar negative effect on Turkish economic growth and 
Türkiye’s current account deficit. 
Due to the negative impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic, Türkiye’s tourism revenues and (in particular due to 
the EU being Türkiye’s largest export market) export revenues experienced a significant decline in 2020, whereas (driven in 
large part by the import of gold) imports into Türkiye increased. In order to reduce the negative impact on Türkiye’s current 
account deficit by decreasing the demand for imports into Türkiye and supporting domestic producers, the Turkish government 
imposed new (or increased) custom tax rates for numerous products. 
If the value of the Turkish Lira relative to the U.S. dollar and other relevant trading currencies declines, then the cost 
of importing oil and other goods and services might increase, resulting in potential increases in Türkiye’s current account 
deficit. As an increase in the current account deficit might erode financial stability in Türkiye, the Central Bank takes (and has 
taken) certain actions to maintain price and financial stability, which actions (including changes to interest rates and reserve 
requirements) might materially adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Türkiye is an energy import-dependent country and recorded US$80.1 billion of net energy imports in 2022, an 
increase from US$42.2 billion of net energy imports in 2021, itself an increase from US$24.2 billion of net energy imports in 
2020. Although the government has been heavily promoting new domestic energy projects, and promising new fields have 
been identified in the Black Sea, these have not yet significantly decreased the need for imported energy and thus any 
geopolitical development concerning energy security might have a material impact on Türkiye’s current account balance. 
Volatile oil and natural gas prices (including as a result of agreements among the members of the Organisation of the Petroleum 
Exporting Countries (OPEC) and/or other oil-exporting nations to cut output or any geopolitical development concerning 
energy security and prices, such as Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the United States’ withdrawal from the Joint Comprehensive 
Plan of Action and re-imposing previously suspended secondary sanctions on Iran or the decision of the United States to impose

--- Page 43 ---
24 
sanctions on Venezuela), together with the Turkish Lira’s depreciation against the U.S. dollar (in which most of Türkiye’s 
energy imports are priced), might have a negative impact on Türkiye’s current account deficit. 
If the current account deficit widens, then financial stability in Türkiye might deteriorate. In addition, financing a 
current account deficit might be difficult in the event of a global liquidity crisis and/or declining interest or confidence of 
foreign investors in Türkiye, and a failure to reduce the current account deficit might have a negative impact on Türkiye’s 
sovereign credit ratings. Any such difficulties might lead the Turkish government to seek to raise additional revenue to finance 
the current account deficit, reduce domestic demand and/or stabilise the Turkish financial system, any of which might materially 
adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Inflation – Türkiye’s economy is subject to significant inflationary pressures 
The Turkish economy has been subject to significant inflation increases in recent years which might continue 
(including at elevated levels). In 2020, the annual consumer price index (“CPI”) inflation rate was 14.6% and domestic producer 
price inflation was 25.15%, reflecting primarily an increase in food, energy and commodity prices (including due to the 
depreciation of the Turkish Lira). In 2021, the CPI inflation rate surged to 36.08%, reflecting primarily an increase in the prices 
of food, energy, consumer durables and transportation, which increases resulted from the depreciation of the Turkish Lira, the 
impact of disruptions in supply chains, the rise in government-administered prices and the reopening of the Turkish economy 
from COVID-19-related restrictions. In 2022, the CPI inflation rate was 64.27% and the domestic producer price inflation rate 
was 97.72% (it should be noted that this is the official inflation rate whereas other analysts have published different rates, in 
some cases significantly higher than the official rate), again reflecting significant increases in the prices of food, energy and 
imported products. On 26 January 2023, the Central Bank published an inflation report indicating an inflation forecast of 22.3%, 
8.8% and 5.0% at the end of 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. While the Bank’s management expects inflation to decline in 
the first half of 2023 due to the impact of the higher base created in 2022, inflation might continue at an elevated, or even 
higher, pace due to potential higher food inflation (in part due to droughts, wildfires, logistics obstacles and other supply side 
challenges), cost push factors (where sellers pass along increasing costs to their customers) and/or worsening inflation 
expectations. In addition, high inflation levels in Türkiye since 2022 matched with reduced policy rates have resulted in a de-
linking of market interest rates in Türkiye from Central Bank rates since market participants set borrowing and lending rates 
on broader market conditions, including expectations regarding inflation. 
High inflation rates might distort the Group’s results of operations, with nominal growth rates of the balance sheet 
and profitability in the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements significantly exceeding the rates as measured on a constant-
currency basis. As noted in “Presentation of Financial and Other Information,” as Türkiye’s cumulative inflation has exceeded 
100% over the past three years, the criteria of IAS 29 (Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies) for inflation-
adjusted accounting have been satisfied and IFRS financial statements starting with those as of and for the six months ended 
30 June 2022 are required to utilise inflation accounting. While, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no further 
announcement by the POA regarding this issue, such an adjustment might be required in the future (as noted in the BRSA 
Annual Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2022, the POA announced that such was not applicable for the 
2021 BRSA Financial Statements but had not yet provided any guidance with respect to later BRSA Financial Statements), 
which change in accounting practices would similarly make the BRSA Financial Statements published at that time not 
comparable to those incorporated by reference herein and might materially impact the Group’s reported financial results. 
Significant global price increases in major commodities such as oil, cotton, corn and wheat would be likely to increase 
inflation pressures in Türkiye. Such inflation, particularly if combined with further depreciation of the Turkish Lira, might 
result in Türkiye’s inflation exceeding the Central Bank’s inflation target, which might cause the Central Bank to modify its 
monetary policy. Inflation-related measures that might be taken by the Central Bank and/or other Turkish authorities might 
have an adverse effect on the Turkish economy. If the level of inflation in Türkiye were to continue to fluctuate or increase 
significantly, then this might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations. 
Potential Overdevelopment – Certain sectors of the Turkish economy might have been or become overdeveloped, which might 
result in a negative impact on the Turkish economy 
Certain sectors of the Turkish economy might have been (or might become) overdeveloped, including in particular 
the construction of luxury residences, shopping centres, office buildings, travel and tourism facilities and other real estate-
related projects and various renewable energy-related projects. For example, significant growth in the number of hotels

--- Page 44 ---
25 
occurred over recent years in anticipation of a continuing growth in international tourism, whereas in fact tourism declined 
very significantly in 2015 and 2016 as a result of the conflicts in Syria and Iraq and Turkish political and security concerns and 
the tourism industry has suffered significantly (while Türkiye’s tourism revenues started to improve slightly starting from the 
second quarter of 2017, the industry was still significantly below full capacity before being then severely negatively impacted 
by the COVID-19 pandemic, including the related travel restrictions). Any such overdevelopment might lead to a rapid decline 
in prices of these and other properties or the failure of some of these projects, which might then lead to a deterioration of the 
asset quality of Turkish banks and, in case of any restructuring with any borrowers resulting in more favourable terms to 
borrowers, might lead to a decrease in income for Turkish banks. Even if this does not occur, the pace of development of such 
projects might decline in coming years as developers and project sponsors seek to reduce their risk, which might negatively 
affect the growth of the Turkish economy. Should any of such events occur, then this might have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Turkish Regulatory and Other Matters 
While political and economic conditions in Türkiye tend to have the most significant impact on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations, various other Türkiye-related matters are also important. These matters, the most 
material of which is the Turkish regulatory environment, that the Issuer’s management has identified as having a material 
impact on the Issuer, and thus potentially on its ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes, are set out in this sub-
category. 
Banking Regulatory Matters – The activities of the Group are highly regulated and changes to applicable laws, the 
interpretation or enforcement of such laws and/or any failure to comply with such laws might have a material adverse impact 
on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations 
The Group is subject to a number of banking, consumer protection, competition/antitrust and other laws designed to 
maintain the safety and financial stability of banks, ensure their compliance with economic and other obligations and limit their 
exposure to risk. These laws include Turkish laws (in particular those of the BRSA) as well as the laws of other countries in 
which the Group conducts business. These laws, which can increase the cost of doing business and limit the Group’s activities, 
include (inter alia): 
(a) the Regulation on the Equity of Banks was published in the Official Gazette No. 28756 dated 5 September 
2013 (the “Equity Regulation”) and the Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of the Capital Adequacy of 
Banks published in the Official Gazette No. 29511 dated 23 October 2015 (the “Capital Adequacy Regulation”); the 
Equity Regulation introduced: (i) core tier 1 capital and additional tier 1 capital as components of tier 1 capital and 
(ii) new tier 2 rules and determined new criteria for debt instruments to be included in a bank’s tier 2 capital, whereas 
the Capital Adequacy Regulation requires a minimum core capital adequacy ratio (4.5%) and a minimum tier 1 capital 
adequacy ratio (6.0%) to be calculated on a consolidated and non-consolidated basis (which are in addition to the 
previously existing requirement for a minimum total capital adequacy ratio of 8.0%) and changed the risk weights of 
certain items that are categorised under “other assets,” with the BRSA amending its guidance on 24 February 2017 to 
allow foreign exchange-required reserves held with the Central Bank to be subject to a 0% risk weight, 
(b) a regulation dated 23 February 2016 (the “D-SIBs Regulation”) regarding systemically important banks 
(“D-SIBs”), which regulation introduced additional capital requirements for D-SIBs in line with the requirements of 
Basel III (as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank has been classified as a D-SIB under the D-SIBs Regulation), 
(c) the BRSA’s: (i) decision dated 18 December 2015 (No. 6602) regarding the procedures for and principles 
on calculation, application and announcement of a countercyclical capital buffer and (ii) decision dated 
24 December 2015 (No. 6619) regarding the determination of such countercyclical capital buffer (together, the “BRSA 
Decisions on the Countercyclical Capital Buffer”), pursuant to which decisions the countercyclical capital buffer for 
Turkish banks’ (including the Bank’s) exposures in Türkiye was initially set at 0% of a bank’s risk-weighted assets in 
Türkiye (effective as of 1 January 2016); however, such ratio can fluctuate between 0% and 2.5% as announced from 
time to time by the BRSA, 
(d) the Regulation on Measurement of Liquidity Coverage Ratio of Banks published in the Official Gazette 
No. 28948 dated 21 March 2014 (the “Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios”) in order to ensure that a bank 
maintains an adequate level of unencumbered, high-quality liquid assets that can be converted into cash to meet its

--- Page 45 ---
26 
liquidity needs for a 30 calendar day period, according to which regulation the liquidity coverage ratios of banks is 
not permitted to fall below 100% on an aggregate basis and 80% on a foreign currency-only basis, 
(e) the Regulation on Procedures and Principles for Classification of Loans and Provisions to be Set Aside 
(the “Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation”), which entered into effect as of 1 January 2018 in order to 
ensure compliance with the requirements of TFRS and the Financial Sector Assessment Programme, which is a joint 
programme of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank; this regulation required banks to adopt TFRS 9 
principles (unless an exemption is granted by the BRSA) related to the assessment of credit risk and to account for 
expected credit losses in line with such principles, 
(f) in early 2020, there came into force new limitations to be determined by the Central Bank on certain fees 
and commissions that Turkish banks may charge to customers, including limitations on fees for electronic funds 
transfers, and (in August 2021) the Central Bank (though increasing the fees that can be charged for ATM usage and 
commissions that can be collected from the use of point of sale (“POS”) systems) introduced further limits, which 
limitations might negatively impact the fees and commissions earned by the Group (for further information on the size 
of the Bank’s fee and commission income, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations”), 
(g) on 10 June 2022, the Central Bank issued the Regulation on the Maintenance of Turkish Lira Securities 
for Foreign Currency Liabilities (the name of which was later changed to Regulation on the Maintenance of Securities) 
(as amended on 18 October 2022, 31 December 2022, 7 January 2023 and 7 April 2023, the “Regulation on the 
Maintenance of Securities”) to require Turkish banks to maintain Turkish Lira-denominated securities for their foreign 
currency deposit and participation funds, funds from foreign exchange-denominated repo transactions, precious metal 
deposit accounts, securities issued by entities (other than financial institutions) held by such banks, and Turkish Lira-
denominated commercial cash loans; provided that the following are excluded: (i) loans provided to SMEs, tradesmen, 
financial institutions and/or certain governmental authorities and their subsidiaries and (ii) export and investment 
loans, agricultural loans and corporate credit cards; pursuant to this regulation, Turkish banks are required to (subject 
to certain calculations and exceptions): (A) use long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish 
government (including lease certificates issued by Undersecretariat of Treasury Asset Leasing Company) as reserves 
equal to 10% of the amount of the foreign currency deposits, participation funds, funds from foreign exchange-
denominated repo transactions, and precious metals accounts and 30% of the amount of such Turkish Lira-
denominated commercial cash loans, and securities issued by entities (other than financial institutions) held by such 
banks and (B) provide a small amount of additional reserves for foreign exchange deposits and participation funds 
held by natural and legal persons based upon the conversation rate of such persons’ foreign currency accounts to 
Turkish Lira accounts, and 
(h) as part of the government’s effort to de-dollarise the economy, on 24 June 2022 (as amended on 7 July 
and 21 October 2022), the BRSA announced that non-financial institutions and companies that are subject to an 
independent audit and have foreign currency assets (which include (inter alia) gold, cash, deposits, securities but 
excluding foreign currency-denominated securities issued by Türkiye itself) of the equivalent of at least TL 10 million 
at the time of loan application are not permitted to receive Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans (including 
swap transactions) from Turkish banks and financial leasing, factoring and financing companies if such foreign 
currency assets exceed 5% of the higher of their total assets and net sales revenue for the most recent financial year; 
the BRSA has, however, provided an exception for companies with such foreign currency assets of at least TL 10 
million but who are not permitted to borrow foreign currency-denominated loans due to restrictions imposed by 
applicable laws at the time of the loan application, which companies are permitted to borrow Turkish Lira-
denominated commercial cash loans in an amount up to the amount of their three month foreign currency net position 
deficit as declared by the company at the time of loan application and confirmed by the company’s independent 
auditors or a certified public accountant at the end of every three month period. 
See “Turkish Regulatory Environment” for a description of the Turkish banking regulatory environment, including the 
implementation of Basel III in Türkiye. The BRSA conducts examinations of all banks operating in Türkiye and financial 
information, capital ratios, open positions, liquidity, interest rate risks and credit portfolios (inter alia) are followed up in detail 
at frequent intervals by the BRSA.

--- Page 46 ---
27 
Such measures might also limit or reduce growth of the Turkish economy and, consequently, the demand for the 
Group’s products and services. Furthermore, as a consequence of certain of these changes, the Group might be required to 
increase its capital reserves and/or might need to access more expensive sources of financing to meet its regulatory liquidity 
and capital requirements, which in turn might have an adverse impact on its level of profitability and/or net interest margin. 
New or revised laws also might increase the Group’s cost of doing business and/or limit its activities, such as the Central Bank’s 
frequent changes to monetary policy and reserve requirements. For example, the Turkish government (including the BRSA and 
the Central Bank) has introduced (and might introduce in the future) laws that impose limits with respect to fees and 
commissions charged to customers, increase the monthly minimum payments required to be paid by holders of credit cards or 
increase reserves. The Group might not be able to pass on any increased costs associated with such regulatory changes to its 
customers, particularly given the high level of competition in the Turkish banking sector. Accordingly, the Group might not be 
able to sustain its level of profitability in light of these regulatory changes and the Group’s profitability might be materially 
adversely impacted until (if ever) such changes can be incorporated into the Group’s pricing (and even then such changes might 
affect the Group’s profitability as increased pricing for customers might reduce customer demand for the Group’s products and 
services). 
Any failure by the Group to adopt adequate responses to these or future changes in the regulatory framework (whether 
in Türkiye or any other jurisdiction in which the Group operates) might have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. In addition, non-compliance with laws might expose the Group to potential liabilities 
and fines and/or damage its reputation. 
Emerging Markets Risk – International investors might view Türkiye negatively based upon adverse events in other emerging 
markets 
In general, investing in the securities of issuers that have operations primarily in emerging market countries like 
Türkiye involves a higher degree of risk than investing in the securities of issuers with substantial operations in the United 
States, the countries of the EU or other similar jurisdictions. The market for securities issued by Turkish companies is influenced 
not only by economic and market conditions in Türkiye but also market conditions in other emerging market countries or in 
the United States and the EU. For example, developments or economic conditions in one or more other emerging market(s) 
have at times adversely affected the prices of securities from, and the availability of credit to, other emerging market countries 
as investors move their money to countries that are perceived to be more stable and economically developed. An increase in 
the perceived risks associated with investing in emerging economies might dampen capital flows to Türkiye and/or otherwise 
adversely affect the Turkish economy. As a result, investors’ interest in the Notes (and thus the market price of an investment 
in the Notes) might be subject to fluctuations that might not necessarily be related to economic conditions in Türkiye or the 
financial performance of the Group. There can be no assurance that investors’ interest in Türkiye in general, and the Notes in 
particular, will not be negatively affected by events in other emerging markets or the global economy in general. 
Risks Relating to the Group and its Business 
While Turkish political, economic, regulatory and other circumstances are the most material category of risks relating 
to the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations, matters specific to the Group also might have a material 
impact on the Issuer’s ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes, particularly the Group’s exposure with respect to 
the loans and other credits that it extends to borrowers and other counterparties. Such risks that the Issuer’s management has 
identified as having a material impact on the Issuer are set out in this section. The principal sub-categories of the risks relating 
to the Group and its business are credit risks, market risks, funding risks, operational risks and other Group-related risks, each 
as set out in their corresponding section below. 
Credit Risks 
Counterparty Credit Risk – The Group is subject to credit risk in relation to its borrowers and other counterparties 
The Group’s primary business risk is the inherent risk that its borrowers and other counterparties might not be able to 
meet their obligations to the Group, which ability is affected by many factors. These counterparties include (inter alios) 
borrowers of loans from the Group, issuers whose securities are held by the Group, trading and hedging counterparties and 
customers of letters of credit provided by the Group, the Group’s exposures to certain of which (particularly for loans for 
infrastructure and energy projects) are large. Any of these counterparties might default in their obligations to the Group due 
(inter alia) to the factors described in “-Risks Relating to Türkiye” and/or adverse changes in consumer spending, consumer

--- Page 47 ---
28 
confidence, unemployment levels, corporate restructurings, bankruptcy rates and/or market volatility, including due to local, 
national and/or global factors. Many of these factors are difficult to anticipate and are outside of the Group’s control. If the 
Group’s customers are unable to meet their obligations to the Group when due, then this would increase the Group’s past due 
loan portfolio, require the Group to reserve additional provisions and reduce its net profit/(loss) and capital levels, which might 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
For example, if the Turkish Lira were to depreciate materially against foreign currencies (such as the 28.7% 
depreciation against the U.S. dollar in 2022), then it would be more difficult for the Group’s customers with income primarily 
or entirely denominated in Turkish Lira to repay their foreign currency-denominated loans (e.g., in part due to the recent 
significant depreciation of the Turkish Lira and declining economic growth in Türkiye, some corporate borrowers (including 
some large corporate borrowers) have entered into discussions with Turkish banks in connection with restructuring their loans 
and some of these loans have already been restructured; however, such borrowers might continue to have difficulties supporting 
their debt obligations, particularly if the Turkish Lira depreciates further, which might result in additional NPLs). 
Compounding this risk, and notwithstanding the credit risk policies and procedures that the Group has in place, the 
Group might not correctly assess the creditworthiness of its credit applicants or other counterparties (or their financial 
conditions might change) and, as a result, the Group might suffer material credit losses. If the Group is unable to accurately 
model the risk associated with borrowers, then this might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. Furthermore, should any large debtor to the Turkish financial system experience financial 
difficulties, as has happened in the recent past, then that might have a negative impact on the Group, including indirectly 
through having a negative impact on the Turkish banking sector. 
The Group’s financial results can be significantly affected by the amount of provisions for expected credit losses. 
Determining the amount of such provisions involves the use of numerous estimates and assumptions. As a result, the level of 
provisions and other reserves that the Group has set aside might prove insufficient and the Group might be required to create 
significant additional provisions and other reserves in future periods. The Group’s NPL ratio changed from 6.0% as of 
31 December 2020 to 4.2% as of 31 December 2021 and then to 2.5% as of 31 December 2022 and the Stage 2 loans to 
performing loans ratio changed from 10.1% as of 31 December 2020 to 8.9% as of 31 December 2021 and then 9.8% as of 
31 December 2022. The Group’s provisions for loan losses and other receivables increased to TL 5,096 million as of 
31 December 2022 from TL 3,311 million as of 31 December 2021, which itself was an increase from TL 2,530 million as of 
31 December 2020. It should be noted that, as a result of March 2020 decisions by the BRSA relating to the government’s 
response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the length of the period of non-payment before a loan or other receivable is considered 
to be non-performing was temporarily extended through 30 June 2021 and then further extended through 30 September 2021, 
which thus resulted in some loans and other receivables with an overdue amount between 90 and 180 days to remain classified 
as performing (i.e., Stage 2 loans) during this period when they might have been classified as NPLs absent these temporary 
actions (on 16 September 2021, the BRSA announced that, notwithstanding the expiration of this temporary rule on 
30 September 2021, it would still apply to loans that were overdue for more than 91 days but not more than 180 days as of 
1 October 2021). This change temporarily reduced recognition of NPLs and, as a result, the Group’s reported NPLs as of 
31 December 2020 might not be indicative of the Group’s asset quality compared to other periods. See “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment - Expected Credit Losses.” 
The Group’s exposure to other financial institutions is significant, some of which counterparties might become unable 
to satisfy their obligations to the Group. Such counterparties might become subject to resolution procedures in their home 
jurisdictions, such as under Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879, for certain EU financial 
institutions or the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 for certain UK financial institutions, which procedures might materially 
negatively impact the amount and/or timing of what the Group would receive from a financial counterparty should it be subject 
to resolution. The disruptions in the global banking sector in March 2023, including the announcement of the acquisition of 
Credit Suisse by UBS (and the losses incurred by Credit Suisse investors) and the failure of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature 
Bank in the United States, have highlighted the risks in the banking sector and there can be no assurance that the sector will 
not be subject to further strain, particularly given that (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) inflation rates remain high, 
economic activity remains muted and major global central banks are continuing their tightening policy. A banking sector crisis 
could have materially adverse impacts on the Group’s business, results of operations, prospects or financial condition. 
The Group’s efforts to mitigate credit risk, including through diversification of its assets and requiring collateral for 
many of its loans, might be insufficient to protect the Group against material credit losses. For example, as described in 
“-Insufficient Collateral” below, if the value of the collateral securing the Group’s credit portfolio is insufficient (including

--- Page 48 ---
29 
through a decline in its value after the original taking of such collateral), then the Group will be exposed to greater credit risk 
(and an increased risk of non-recovery) if related credit exposures fail to perform. 
Loan Concentrations – The Group’s credit portfolio has significant industry and borrower concentrations, particularly in retail 
and SME loans, which renders it susceptible to any deterioration in the financial condition of such industries and borrowers 
Loans to and receivables from the Group’s 20 largest customers as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 represented 
17.1%, 19.7% and 15.9%, respectively of its total performing loans and receivables. In terms of sector concentration, the: (a) 
manufacturing, (b) wholesale and retail sale and (c) transportation and telecommunications sectors represented the largest 
concentrations as of 31 December 2022 (20.7%, 14.6% and 9.0%, respectively, of the Group’s total loans and receivables). 
In addition to sector concentrations, significant percentages of the Group’s loan portfolio are represented by loans to 
retail customers (including mortgages, credit cards and consumer loans) and SMEs. While no one such loan is of significant 
size, retail and SME customers typically have less financial strength than corporate borrowers and negative developments in 
the Turkish economy might affect retail and SME customers more significantly than large corporate borrowers. A negative 
impact on the financial condition of the Group’s retail or SME customer base might have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
The Turkish government announced in December 2016 that the Turkish Treasury would provide a guarantee for SME 
loans up to an aggregate amount of TL 250 billion under the KGF programme, which aimed to boost economic growth, support 
high potential companies that have difficulty accessing funding due to collateralisation constraints and help Turkish banks to 
grow by allowing 0% risk weight to be applied to the guaranteed portion of these loans. The available amount under this facility 
was increased by TL 55 billion in February 2018, TL 35 billion in May 2018 (to replace KGF-guaranteed loans that had already 
been repaid), TL 20 billion in January 2019 (for SMEs with 2017 annual turnover of TL 25 million or less), TL 25 billion in 
March 2019 (for SMEs with a yearly turnover of TL 125 million or less without any industry-specific limitations) and TL 25 
billion in June 2019 (for SMEs and non-SMEs). On 30 March 2020, in order to address the economic impact of the COVID-19 
pandemic, the amount available under the KGF programme was increased from TL 25 billion to TL 50 billion and the total 
amount of guarantees that may be given by the KGF was increased from TL 250 billion to TL 500 billion (along with increases 
in the guarantee limits with respect to individual borrower groups). On 13 August 2022, the total amount of guarantees that 
may be given by the KGF was increased from TL 500 billion to TL 1 trillion. Additional increases have been implemented that 
are tailored to specific sectors. Banks are assigned certain limits to grant these loans and the amount up to 100% of such limit 
(for both SMEs and non-SMEs) is guaranteed by the Turkish Treasury; however, with respect to each such scheme, to the 
extent that the non-performing loans (calculated in a specific manner applicable to the KGF programme resulting in a 
“compensation upper-limit ratio”) from the loans made under such scheme exceed 7% (8%-10% for certain sub-sectors), the 
relevant bank will bear the risk for the amount of such non-performing loans in excess of such level. The Bank started granting 
loans under the KGF programme on January 2017 and, as of 31 December 2022, such loans amounted to TL 2.1 billion, of 
which 38% was granted to guarantee corporate and commercial loans and the balance was used for SME (including micro-
enterprises) loans. The total limit of the loans that may be granted by the Bank under the KGF programme is TL 4.1 billion as 
of the date of this Base Prospectus. To the extent that the “compensation upper-limit ratio” of the KGF loans of any scheme 
exceeds the applicable limit, the Bank would lose the advantages of the KGF programme in terms of collections and risk 
weights. 
Although the Group has put in place policies and procedures to monitor and assess credit risk, taking into account the 
payment ability and cash generating ability of a borrower in extending credit, the Group might not correctly assess the 
creditworthiness of its credit applicants. In addition, as the Group’s loan portfolio has grown substantially, the Group has 
extended credit to new customers, many of whom may have more limited credit histories. In particular, the Group has relatively 
high levels of exposure to retail customers, whose loans generally yield higher interest income but also tend to have higher 
levels of default than loans to corporate customers (as of 31 December 2022, 36.3% of the Group’s total loans were retail loans, 
including mortgage, credit card and consumer loans). Although such new loans are subject to the Group’s credit review and 
monitoring practices, they might be subject to higher credit risks compared to borrowers with whom the Group has greater 
experience. Furthermore, the Group’s exposures to certain borrowers (particularly for loans for infrastructure and energy 
projects) are large and the Group is likely to continue making such large loans where such an investment is determined by the 
Group to be a credit-worthy transaction. Also, should any large Turkish borrower experience financial difficulties, then that 
might have a negative impact on the Bank, including indirectly through having a negative impact on the Turkish banking sector.

--- Page 49 ---
30 
If a material volume of any loans becomes non-performing or there is a slowdown (or any perception of slowdown) 
in economic conditions related thereto, then this might have a material adverse effect on the asset quality of Turkish banks, 
including the Group. Any such restructuring might also reduce the income of Turkish banks if the debt is restructured with 
terms more favourable to borrowers. In addition, a downturn in any sector or specific borrower to which the Group has 
significant exposure might result in, among other things, a decrease of funds that such customers hold on deposit with the Bank, 
a default on their obligations owed to the Group and/or a need for the Group to increase its provisions in respect of such 
obligations, any of which might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations. 
Government Default – The Group has a significant portion of its assets invested in Turkish government obligations, making it 
highly dependent upon the continued credit quality of, and payment of its obligations by, the Turkish government 
The Group has significant exposure to Turkish governmental and state-controlled entities, including the Central Bank. 
As of 31 December 2022, 99.7% of the Group’s investment securities (net) (16.4% of its total assets and equal to 230.1% of 
its total shareholders’ equity) was invested in Turkish government debt securities (98.6%, 12.7% and 220.5%, respectively, as 
of 31 December 2021 and 98.2%, 14.2% and 173.1%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020) (the Group did not have any 
material loans to Turkish government or state-controlled entities as of any of such dates). In addition, the Group has exposure 
to the Turkish government through the Group’s participation in financing state-sponsored infrastructure projects and the KGF-
guaranteed loan programme, which might be susceptible to increased credit risk in the event of weakness in Türkiye’s 
macroeconomic condition or deterioration of the Turkish government’s creditworthiness. In early 2020, the KGF-guaranteed 
loan programme was expanded to include retail loans as part of the government’s efforts to address the economic impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic, which expansion might increase the credit risk of obligations payable by the Turkish government. 
Furthermore, the Group maintains significant amounts of reserves (including foreign currency reserves) with the Central Bank, 
for which it is subject to the Central Bank’s ability to return such reserves, and is otherwise dependent upon the Central Bank. 
Türkiye’s sovereign debt ratings have been subject to various downgrades recently and might be further downgraded. 
For example, on 14 June 2019, Türkiye’s foreign currency long-term credit rating was downgraded to “B1” (with a negative 
outlook) from “Ba3” (with a negative outlook) by Moody’s. On 12 July 2019, Fitch downgraded Türkiye’s long-term foreign 
currency issuer default credit rating to “BB-” (with a negative outlook) from “BB” (with a negative outlook) and long-term 
local currency issuer default credit rating to “BB-” (with a negative outlook) from “BB+” (with a negative outlook). On 
1 November 2019, Fitch revised the outlook of Türkiye from negative to stable, following up on 12 November 2019 with a 
similar outlook change on certain Turkish banks (including the Bank). On 21 February 2020, Fitch affirmed Türkiye’s long-
term foreign currency issuer default rating at “BB-” (with a stable outlook). On 21 August 2020, Fitch revised the outlook on 
Türkiye’s long-term foreign currency issuer default rating from stable to negative. On 11 September 2020, Moody’s further 
reduced Türkiye’s foreign currency long-term credit rating to “B2” (with a negative outlook). On 19 February 2021, Fitch 
revised the outlook on Türkiye’s long-term foreign currency issuer default credit rating from negative to stable; however, the 
outlook was returned to negative on 2 December 2021. On 3 December 2021, Moody’s affirmed Türkiye’s sovereign rating at 
“B2” (with a negative outlook). On 11 February 2022, Fitch downgraded Türkiye’s long-term foreign currency issuer default 
credit rating to “B+” (with a negative outlook), which was followed on 8 July 2022 by a further downgrade to “B” (with a 
negative outlook). On 12 August 2022, Moody’s downgraded Türkiye’s sovereign rating to “B3” (with a stable outlook). On 
17 March 2023, Fitch affirmed Türkiye’s long-term foreign currency issuer default rating at “B” (with a negative outlook). 
Note that references to Moody’s and Fitch in this paragraph might refer to the applicable affiliate of Moody’s and Fitch as 
defined herein. 
In addition to any direct losses that the Group might incur, a default, or the perception of increased risk of default, by 
Turkish governmental entities in making payments on their debt or a downgrade in Türkiye’s credit rating would likely have a 
significant negative impact on the value of the government debt held by the Group and the Turkish banking system generally 
and might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. Enforcing 
rights against governmental entities might be subject to structural, political or practical limitations. 
Insufficient Collateral – Security interests or loan guarantees provided in favour of the Group might not be sufficient to cover 
any losses in the event of defaults by debtors and might entail long and costly enforcement proceedings 
While certain of the Group’s loans are unsecured, many of the Group’s loans have the benefit of collateral and/or a 
personal guarantee. Accepting collateral and foreclosing on security interests are subject to certain costs and formal limitations 
under applicable law, with enforcement against any type of collateral potentially involving a long and costly procedure under

--- Page 50 ---
31 
Turkish or other applicable law. For example, the Group might have difficulty foreclosing on collateral when debtors default 
on their loans or apply to the courts for concordat proceedings, which might temporarily interrupt enforcement or foreclosure 
proceedings. In addition, the time and costs associated with enforcing security interests might make it uneconomical for the 
Group to pursue such proceedings, adversely affecting the Group’s ability to recover its loan losses, which might have a direct 
impact on the Group’s financial condition and results. 
Deterioration in economic conditions in Türkiye or a decline in the value of certain markets might reduce the value of 
the collateral securing the Group’s loans (and/or the ability of borrowers to post additional collateral), increasing the risk that 
the Group would not be able to recover the full amount of any such loans in a default. If the Group seeks to realise on any such 
collateral, then it might be difficult to find a buyer and/or the collateral might be sold for significantly less than its appraised 
or actual value. 
Market Risks 
The Group is subject to risks that arise from open positions in currency, interest rate and (to a lesser extent) equity 
products, all of which are exposed to general and specific market movements. While the Group seeks to manage its market risk 
exposure through a range of measures (see “Risk Management – Market Risk” for further information), such measures might 
not be successful in mitigating all market risk. The Group’s exposure to market risks might lead to a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. Certain of these risks are described below. 
Foreign Exchange and Currency Risk – The Group is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which might 
have a material adverse effect on the Group 
As a significant portion of the Group’s assets and liabilities (including off-balance sheet commitments such as letters 
of credit) is denominated in, or indexed to, foreign currencies (primarily U.S. dollars and euro), the Group is exposed to the 
effects of fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates, which can have a material impact on its business, financial condition 
(including capitalisation) and/or results of operations. These risks are both systemic (e.g., the impact of exchange rate volatility 
on the markets generally, including on the Group’s borrowers) and specific to the Group (e.g., due to the Group’s own net 
currency positions). If the Turkish Lira depreciates, then (when translated into Turkish Lira) the Group would incur currency 
translation losses on its liabilities denominated in (or indexed to) foreign currencies (such as the Group’s U.S. dollar-
denominated long-term loans and other debt) and would experience currency translation gains on its assets denominated in (or 
indexed to) foreign currencies. Furthermore, a significant depreciation of the Turkish Lira might affect the Group’s ability to 
attract customers on such terms or to charge rates indexed to foreign currencies. As a reference, the Turkish Lira depreciated 
against the U.S. dollar by 19.1% in 2020, 44.3% in 2021 and 28.7% in 2022. The overall effect of exchange rate movements 
on the Group’s financial condition and results of operations depends upon the rate of depreciation or appreciation of the Turkish 
Lira against its principal trading and financing currencies. 
The Group seeks to manage the gap between its foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities by (among other 
things) matching the volumes and maturities of its foreign currency-denominated loans against its foreign currency-
denominated deposits and other funding or by entering into currency hedges. If the Group is unable to manage this gap, then 
volatility in exchange rates might have a negative effect on the value of the Group’s assets and/or lead to increased expenses, 
which might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. For 
example, in recent years, the Bank has had significant excess foreign exchange liquidity as a result of customers’ preference to 
hold foreign exchange-denominated deposits while foreign exchange-denominated lending has been limited due to measures 
to limit foreign exchange lending, slower economic conditions and foreign exchange rate volatility. To support its Turkish 
Lira-denominated business and the high costs of Turkish Lira deposits, the Bank has utilised swap transactions to exchange 
excess liquidity in foreign currencies for Turkish Lira, which (although avoiding additional Turkish Lira deposit costs) has 
increased the Bank’s swap costs (which was compounded by market volatility and higher interest rates) and thereby had a 
negative impact on net interest margin (for example, in 2022, such swaps had an 170 basis point negative impact on the Bank’s 
net interest margin). 
In preparing its BRSA Financial Statements, transactions in currencies other than Turkish Lira are recorded at the 
rates of exchange prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At each balance sheet date, monetary items denominated in foreign 
currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on such balance sheet date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are 
denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. Non-
monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated. As a result, the Group’s

--- Page 51 ---
32 
balance sheet and net profit/(loss) are affected by changes in the value of the Turkish Lira with respect to foreign currencies. 
The overall effect of exchange rate movements on the Group’s balance sheet and results of operations primarily depends upon 
the rate of depreciation or appreciation of the Turkish Lira against its principal trading and financing currencies. For example, 
as a result of the depreciation of the Turkish Lira by 28.7% against the U.S. dollar in 2022, the Turkish Lira-equivalent value 
of the Group’s foreign currency-denominated assets, liabilities and capital increased significantly in 2022. 
The share of Turkish Lira-denominated assets and liabilities in the Group’s balance sheet changed from 44.0% and 
60.6%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020 to 51.6% and 64.5%, respectively, as of 31 December 2021 and then to 39.5% 
and 46.7%, respectively, as of 31 December 2022, in both years largely due to the depreciation of the Turkish Lira (foreign 
exchange-denominated deposits increased 78.9% and 7.6%, respectively, in Turkish Lira terms in 2021 and 2022 while foreign 
exchange-denominated loans increased by 78.9% and 27.0%, respectively, in Turkish Lira terms during such years). As the 
depreciation of the Turkish Lira leads to an increase in the Turkish Lira-equivalent of the Group’s foreign currency-
denominated risk-weighted assets, this might adversely affect the Group’s capital adequacy ratios absent a corresponding 
increase in capital or additional risk mitigation measures. 
From a systemic perspective, if the Turkish Lira were to depreciate materially against the U.S. dollar or the euro 
(which represent a significant portion of the foreign currency debt of the Group’s corporate and commercial customers), then 
it would be more difficult for the Group’s customers with income primarily or entirely denominated in Turkish Lira to repay 
their foreign currency-denominated debt (including to the Group) and reduced repayment capacity of such customers might 
have a material negative impact on the Group’s financial condition (including its capitalisation). A number of Turkish 
borrowers have significant amounts of debt denominated in foreign currency and thus are susceptible to this risk and certain 
foreign currency-denominated loans in the Turkish market have been (or are in the process of being) restructured. As of 
31 December 2022, foreign currency-denominated loans (including applicable lease receivables and factoring receivables) 
comprised 31.7% of the Group’s loan portfolio (of which U.S. dollar-denominated obligations were the most significant) (34.6% 
and 42.6%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020 and 2021). 
Compounding the impact of normal market movements, any actions taken by the Central Bank or other authorities to 
intervene in the value of the Turkish Lira (such as via increased interest rates or capital controls) might have a material negative 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. The Central Bank’s monetary policy is subject 
to a number of uncertainties, including global macroeconomic conditions, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and political 
conditions in Türkiye. As global conditions have been volatile in recent years, including as a result of, among other factors, 
expectations regarding slower growth and low commodity and oil prices, monetary policy remains subject to uncertainty. 
Interest Rate Risk – The Group might be negatively affected by volatility in interest rates 
The Group’s results of operations depend significantly upon the level of its net interest income, which is the difference 
between interest income from interest-earning assets and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest income is 
the principal source of income for the Group, contributing 82.6% of the Group’s operating income for 2022 (98.8% and 93.1%, 
respectively, for 2020 and 2021) and the net interest margin was 9.7% in 2022 (6.1% and 5.7%, respectively, in 2020 and 
2021). As a result, the differential between the average interest rates that the Group charges on interest-earning assets and the 
average interest rates that it accrues on interest-bearing liabilities, and the volume of such assets and liabilities, tend to have 
the most significant impact on the Bank’s results of operations. 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Group’s control, including monetary policies pursued 
by the Turkish government and domestic and international economic and political conditions, and the Group might be unable 
to take actions to mitigate any adverse effects of interest rate movements. In particular, the Group might be affected by the 
Central Bank’s policies with respect to interest rates and reserve requirements. Changes in market interest rates might affect 
the spread between interest rates charged on interest-earning assets and interest rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities, thereby 
affecting the Group’s results of operations. 
For example, an increase in interest rates (such as the large increases that the Central Bank implemented in the last 
half of 2020 to combat high inflation and the depreciation of the Turkish Lira) might cause the interest expense on deposits 
(which are typically short-term and repriced frequently) to increase more significantly and/or quickly than interest income from 
loans (which are short-, medium- and long-term), resulting in a potential short-term reduction in net interest income and net 
interest margin. In addition, a significant decline in average interest rates charged on loans to customers that is not fully matched 
by a decrease in interest rates on funding sources, or a significant increase in interest rates on funding sources that is not fully

--- Page 52 ---
33 
matched by a rise in interest rates charged, to the extent such exposures are not hedged, might have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations; however, the impact will depend upon the respective 
repricing of loans and funding (for example, in a time of generally declining interest rates, banks generally benefit for a period 
as deposits reprice more quickly than loan portfolios). 
Although the Group uses various instruments and measures to manage exposures to interest rate risk (see “Risk 
Management – Interest Rate Risk”), these instruments and measures might not protect the Group from the risks of changing 
interest rates. 
Reduction in Earnings on Investment Securities – The Group might be unable to sustain the level of earnings on its investment 
securities obtained during recent years 
The Group has historically generated a portion of its interest income from its investment securities, with interest 
income derived from the Group’s investment securities in 2020, 2021 and 2022 accounting for 15.9%, 17.7% and 33.7%, 
respectively, of its total interest income and 13.5%, 15.5% and 29.7%, respectively, of its gross operating income (i.e., total 
interest income and fees and commission income before deducting interest expense and fee and commission expense). The 
Group also has obtained large realised gains from the sale of securities in its available-for-sale portfolio. The CPI-linked 
securities in the Group’s portfolio of investment securities provided high real yields compared to other government securities 
in each of such years, benefitting from the high inflation environment, but their impact on the Group’s earnings might vary as 
inflation rates change. 
While the contribution of income from the Group’s portfolio of investment securities has been significant over recent 
years, such income might not be as large in coming years. In addition, while rates have started to increase in certain developed 
markets (including to combat inflation), the recent trend towards lower interest rates in Türkiye might result in lower nominal 
earnings on the Group’s holdings of securities. As such, high levels of earnings from the Group’s portfolio of investment 
securities might not be sustainable in future periods. If the Group is unable to sustain its level of earnings from its portfolio of 
investment securities, then this might have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations. 
Funding Risks 
Liquidity Risk – The Group might have difficulty borrowing funds on acceptable terms, if at all 
Liquidity risk comprises uncertainties in relation to the Group’s ability, under adverse conditions, to access funding 
necessary to cover obligations to customers, meet payment obligations on time and satisfy regulatory capital requirements. It 
includes (inter alia) the risk of lack of access to funding (other than from the reserves held with the Central Bank and limits 
granted to the Bank by the Central Bank both in Turkish Lira and foreign currency), the risk of unexpected increases in the cost 
of financing and the risk of not being able to structure the maturity dates of the Group’s liabilities reasonably in line with its 
assets (an asset-liability maturity gap). The Group’s inability to meet its net funding requirements due to inadequate liquidity 
would likely materially adversely affect its business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
There can be no assurance that the Group will not experience liquidity issues. In the event that the Group experiences 
liquidity issues, its ability to access certain sources of funding at such time might be negatively impacted by factors that are 
not specific to its operations, such as general market conditions, disruptions of the financial markets or sovereign credit rating 
downgrades. For example, in the case of a global liquidity crisis, wholesale funding would likely become increasingly costly 
and more difficult to obtain for the Group, which might adversely affect borrowing using capital market instruments. 
The Group relies primarily on short-term liabilities in the form of deposits (typically deposits with terms of zero to 70 
days) as its source of funding and has a mix of short-, medium- and long-term assets in the form (inter alia) of retail loans and 
loans to corporations (including mortgages and credit cards) and investment securities, which might result in asset-liability 
maturity gaps and liquidity problems. In addition, depositors might withdraw their funds at a rate faster than the rate at which 
borrowers repay. The Group’s loans to deposits ratio was 113.6%, 95.4% and 94.4%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020, 
2021 and 2022. If the Group’s retail customers become or remain unemployed or earn declining amounts, then they might save 
less or consume more of their money deposited with the Group, which might negatively affect the Group’s access to deposit-
based funding. Similarly, if the Group’s corporate customers face liquidity problems, then they might draw down their deposits

--- Page 53 ---
34 
with the Group. An inability on the Group’s part to access such funds might put the Group’s liquidity at risk and lead the Group 
to be unable to finance its operations and growth plans adequately or within required regulatory limits. 
While the Bank’s principal source of funding comes from deposits, these funds are short-term by nature and thus do 
not enable the Bank to match fund its medium- and long-term assets. In addition, price competition for wholesale deposits has 
made such deposits less attractive. As a result, the Bank seeks to extend the average maturity of its liabilities in order to manage 
the maturity mismatch between assets and liabilities, to manage its liquidity coverage ratio requirements and to provide 
diversity in its funding. The Bank has raised (and likely will seek to continue to raise) longer term funds from syndicated and 
bilateral loans, “future flow” transactions, bond issuances and other transactions, many of which are denominated in foreign 
currencies. The Group’s non-deposit funding (which includes repos and money market funds, funds borrowed, subordinated 
loans and marketable securities issued) was equivalent to 26.5%, 25.3% and 20.5%, respectively, of its assets as of 31 December 
2020, 2021 and 2022. If growth in the Group’s deposit portfolio does not keep pace with growth in its loan portfolio, then the 
Group might need to become more reliant upon non-deposit funding sources such as securities offerings, some of which might 
create additional risks of their own such as increased liquidity and/or interest rate gaps and exposure to volatility in international 
capital markets. If conditions in the international capital markets or interbank lending market, or the Group’s and/or Türkiye’s 
credit ratings, were to deteriorate, then the Group might be unable to secure funding through international sources. 
As noted above, a portion of the Group’s wholesale fundraising is denominated in foreign currencies. The Group’s 
total foreign currency-denominated borrowings (i.e., the sum of foreign currency-denominated funds borrowed, money market 
funds, marketable securities issued and subordinated debt) equalled 22.0%, 22.1% and 17.9%, respectively, of its assets as of 
31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022. While the Group has been successful in extending, at a relatively low cost, the maturity 
profile of its funding base, even during times of volatility in international markets, this might not continue in the future 
(including if investor confidence in Türkiye decreases as a result of political, economic or other factors). Particularly in light 
of the historical volatility of emerging market financings, the Group might have difficulty extending and/or refinancing its 
existing foreign currency-denominated indebtedness, hindering its ability to avoid the interest rate risk inherent in asset-liability 
maturity gaps. Should these risks materialise, these circumstances might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations. These risks might increase as the Group seeks to increase medium- and long-
term lending to its customers, including mortgages and project financings, the funding for much of which is likely to be made 
through borrowings in foreign currency (including refinancing of its foreign currency borrowings). 
A rising interest rate environment (such as that developing in certain markets as a result of increasing inflation) might 
compound the risk of the Group not being able to access funds at favourable rates or at all. If central banks unwind the expansive 
liquidity and quantitative easing programmes that have been provided during the global financial crisis and the COVID-19 
pandemic, steps towards which have commenced, competition among banks and other borrowers for the reduced global 
liquidity might result in increased costs of funding. These and other factors might lead creditors to form a negative view of the 
Group’s liquidity, which might result in lower credit ratings, higher borrowing costs and/or decreased access to funds. 
While the Group aims to maintain at any given time an adequate level of liquidity reserves, strains on liquidity caused 
by any of these factors or otherwise (including as a result of the requirement to repay any indebtedness, whether on a scheduled 
basis or as a result of an acceleration due to a default or other event) might adversely affect the Group’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. 
Access to Capital – The Group might have difficulty raising capital on acceptable terms, if at all 
By law, each of the Bank and the Group is required to maintain certain capital levels and capital adequacy ratios in 
connection with its business, which capital adequacy ratios depend in part upon the level of risk-weighted assets. Any continued 
growth in the Group’s lending (both in absolute terms as well as proportionately in comparison to the Group’s zero risk-
weighted investment in Turkish government securities) will likely result in an increase in the Group’s risk-weighted assets, 
which might adversely affect the Group’s capital adequacy ratios absent a corresponding increase in capital. 
Any changes relating to Basel III or any other capital adequacy-related revisions might impact the manner in which 
the Bank and/or the Group calculates its capital ratios and might impose higher capital requirements, which might in turn 
require the Group to raise additional capital and/or reduce its balance sheet to ensure that it has sufficient capital reserves, 
which might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Additionally, it is possible that the Group’s capital levels might decline due to (inter alia) credit losses, loan provisions, 
currency fluctuations or dividend payments. The Group also might need to raise additional capital to ensure that it has sufficient

--- Page 54 ---
35 
capital to support growth in its assets. Should the Group wish or be required to raise additional capital, it might not be in a 
position to do so at all or at prices that the Group considers to be reasonable. If any or all of these risks materialise, then this 
might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s liquidity, business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Operational Risks 
Competition in the Turkish Banking Sector – Intense competition in the Turkish banking sector might have a material adverse 
effect on the Group 
The Group faces significant competition from other participants in the Turkish banking sector, including both state-
controlled and private banks in Türkiye as well as many subsidiaries and branches of foreign banks and joint ventures between 
Turkish and foreign shareholders. A small number of these banks dominate the banking industry in Türkiye. As of 31 December 
2022 (according to the Banks Association of Türkiye), the top seven banking groups in Türkiye, three of which were state-
controlled, held 82.1% of the Turkish banking sector’s total loan portfolio in Türkiye, 82.1% of the total bank assets in Türkiye 
and 83.3% of the total deposits in Türkiye (in each case, excluding participation banks and development and investment banks). 
The Bank’s management believes that further entries into the sector by foreign competitors, either directly or in collaboration 
with existing Turkish banks, might increase competition in the market, particularly as foreign competitors might have greater 
resources and more cost-effective funding sources than the Group. 
The Group faces competition from state-controlled financial institutions such as T.C. Ziraat Bankası A.Ş. (“Ziraat”), 
Türkiye Vakıflar Bankası T.A.O (“Vakıfbank”) and Halkbank. The government-controlled financial institutions are 
increasingly focusing on the private sector, leading to increased competition and pressure on margins. In particular, the 
government-controlled institutions might have preferential access to low cost deposits (on which such institutions pay low or 
no interest) through “State Economic Enterprises” owned or administered by the Turkish government, which might result in a 
lower cost of funds that cannot be duplicated by private sector banks. Continued expansion by government-controlled financial 
institutions, particularly when combined with ongoing competitive pressures from private financial institutions, might put 
downward pressure on net interest margins. 
If competitors (including increasingly new technology companies) can offer better lending rates to clients, higher 
interest rates on deposits or better customer experiences for services and products, then the Group might (inter alia) lose 
customers or market share, be forced to reduce its margins and/or be forced to seek more expensive sources of funding, any of 
which might adversely affect the Group’s profitability. Increased price competition in the Turkish banking markets through the 
offer of products at significantly lower prices might also affect customer behaviour and loyalty. Any failure to maintain 
customer loyalty or to offer customers a wide range of high quality, competitive products with consistently high levels of 
service might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
In August 2021, the BRSA published the Regulation on Operation Principles of Digital Banks and Banking as a 
Service, which became effective on 1 January 2022 and establishes the regulatory principles for digital-only banks and banking 
as a service businesses. The increasing transition to digital banking, as reflected in this proposed regulation, presents the 
likelihood of greater competition in banking services as such digital-only platforms can be established relatively quickly due 
to their different infrastructure models (e.g., no branches). This new generation of competitors might have lower costs, thereby 
allowing them to offer products and services at prices below those offered by traditional banks such as the Bank. 
The Group’s exposure to intense competition in each of its key areas of operation might, among other things, limit the 
Group’s ability to increase its client base and expand its operations, reduce its asset growth rate and profit margins on services 
it provides and increase competition for investment opportunities. There can be no assurance that the continuation of existing 
levels of competition or increased competition will not have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. 
Dependence upon Banking and Other Licences – Group members might be unable to maintain or secure the necessary licences 
for carrying on their business 
Each of the Bank and, to the extent applicable, each of its subsidiaries has a current Turkish and/or other applicable 
licence for all of its banking and other operations. The Bank’s management believes that the Bank and each of its subsidiaries 
is in compliance with its existing material licence and reporting obligations; nevertheless, if it is incorrect, or if any member of

--- Page 55 ---
36 
the Group were to suffer a loss of a licence, breach the terms of a licence or fail to obtain any further required licences, then 
this might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Restrictive Covenants – Restrictive covenants under the Group’s agreements might adversely affect the Group’s operations 
and a breach of any of these covenants might result in the counterparty exercising remedies against the applicable member of 
the Group and/or its properties 
The Group is party to a range of agreements, including in respect of debt raised by the Group, which contain restrictive 
covenants, such as negative pledges, requirements for the maintenance of certain regulatory authorisations and requirements to 
refrain from certain transactions with affiliates. These restrictive covenants might adversely affect the Group’s operations, such 
as its ability to raise funding secured by its properties. In addition, a breach of any of these covenants might result in the 
counterparty exercising remedies against the applicable member of the Group and/or its properties, and such breach and/or 
acceleration might cross-trigger to other agreements of the Group, any of which events might have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. For example, if the Bank is required to prepay a loan, 
then it might need to use a significant amount of its liquidity, sell assets (potentially at a disadvantageous price) and/or reduce 
its business in order to satisfy this unexpected prepayment. 
Estimations – Future events might be different from those reflected in the management assumptions and estimates used in the 
preparation of the Group’s financial statements, which might result in unexpected reductions in profitability 
Pursuant to accounting rules and interpretations, the Group uses certain estimates in preparing its financial statements, 
including in determining expected credit losses and the accounting value of certain assets and liabilities. Should the estimated 
values for such items prove to be materially inaccurate, including as a result of unexpected market movements or external 
developments (in each case, such as relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, the war in Ukraine and the February 2023 
earthquakes), or if the methods by which such values were determined are revised in future accounting rules or interpretations, 
then the Group might experience unexpected reductions in profitability and/or such inaccuracies might otherwise have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. For example, portions of the 
Group’s provisions for loans are determined based upon assumptions about the Turkish economy and thus (particularly if the 
Turkish economy underperforms such assumptions) the Group might have taken inadequate provisions for loans. 
Risk Management – The Group’s efforts to identify, control and manage risk might be inadequate 
In the course of its business activities, the Group is exposed to a variety of risks, including (inter alia) credit risk, 
market risk, liquidity risk and operational risk (each as separately discussed in these “Risk Factors”). Any material deficiency 
in the Group’s risk management or other internal control policies or procedures might expose it to significant risk, which in 
turn might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and/or financial condition. If 
circumstances arise that the Group has not identified or anticipated adequately, if the security of its risk management systems 
is compromised or if its risk policies or procedures have material deficiencies, then the Group’s losses from such risks might 
be greater than expected, which might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results 
of operations. In addition, some of the Group’s methods of managing risk are based upon its use of historical data, which might 
not accurately predict future risk exposures. For example, if the Group’s credit risk policies underestimate the negative impact 
of a recession on the value of Turkish real property, then loans secured by Turkish real property might be undercollateralised 
and result in material unexpected losses to the Group. See “Risk Management.” 
Operational Risk – The Group might be unable to monitor and prevent losses arising from fraud and/or operational errors or 
disruptions 
The Group employs substantial resources to develop and operate its risk management processes and procedures; 
however, similar to other banking groups, the Group is susceptible to, among other things, fraud by employees, customers or 
other third parties, failure of internal processes and systems (including to detect fraud or unlawful transactions), unauthorised 
transactions by employees and other operational errors (including clerical or record-keeping errors and errors resulting from 
faulty computer or telecommunications systems). The Group’s risk management and expanded control capabilities are also 
limited by the information tools and techniques available to the Group. The Group is also subject to service interruptions from 
time to time caused by third party service providers (such as telecommunications operators) or other service interruptions 
resulting from events such as natural disasters. Such events might result in interruptions to services to the Group’s branches 
and/or impact customer service. In addition, given the Group’s high volume of transactions, fraud or errors might be repeated

--- Page 56 ---
37 
or compounded before they are discovered and rectified. Furthermore, a number of banking transactions are not fully 
automated, which might further increase the risk that human error or employee tampering will result in losses that might be 
difficult for the Group to detect quickly or at all. For example, if the Group’s operational risk control systems do not identify a 
weakness in the Group’s mortgage loan application processing system, then fraud might occur that results in material 
unexpected losses to the Group. If the Group is unable to successfully monitor and control these or any other operational risks, 
then this might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s reputation, business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations. See “Risk Management - Operational Risk.” 
Dependence upon Information Technology Systems – The Group’s operations might be adversely affected by interruptions to 
or the improper functioning of its information technology systems 
The Group’s business, financial performance and ability to meet its strategic objectives (including rapid credit 
decisions, product rollout and growth) depend to a significant extent upon the functionality of its information technology (“IT”) 
systems and its ability to increase systems capacity (for example, to support the significant increase in work-from-home 
demands on the Group’s systems resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic). The proper functioning of the Group’s internal 
control, risk management, credit analysis and reporting, accounting, customer service and other IT systems, as well as the 
communication networks between its branches and main data processing centres, are critical to the Group’s business and its 
ability to compete. For example, the Group’s ability to process credit card and other electronic transactions for its customers is 
an essential element of its business. 
Any failure, interruption or breach in security of the Group’s IT systems (including as a result of any cyberattacks, 
phishing, ransomware or other malicious acts) might result in failures or interruptions in the Group’s risk management, general 
ledger, deposit servicing, loan organisation and/or other important operations. Although the Group has developed back-up 
systems and a fully-equipped disaster recovery centre, and might continue some of its operations through the Bank’s branches 
in case of emergency, if the Group’s IT systems failed, even for a short period of time, then it might be unable to serve some 
or all of its customers’ needs on a timely basis and thus might lose business. Likewise, a temporary shutdown of the Group’s 
IT systems might result in costs that are required for information retrieval and verification. In addition, the Group’s failure to 
update and develop its existing IT systems as effectively as its competitors might result in a loss of the competitive advantages 
that the Group believes its IT systems provide. Such failures or interruptions might occur and/or the Group might not adequately 
address them if they do occur. For example, if the Group’s IT technicians do not identify a programming error in the software 
running the Group’s mortgage application software, then fraud might occur that results in material unexpected losses to the 
Group. A disruption (even short-term) to the functionality of the Group’s IT systems, delays or other problems in increasing 
the capacity of the Group’s IT systems or increased costs associated with such systems might have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. For further information on the Group’s IT system, see 
“The Group and its Business – Information Technology.” 
Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing – The Group is subject to risks associated with money laundering or terrorist 
financing 
Although the Group has adopted various policies and procedures, and has put in place systems (including internal 
controls, “know your customer” rules and transaction monitoring), aimed at preventing money laundering and terrorist 
financing, and seeks to adhere to all requirements under Turkish law and international standards aimed at preventing it from 
being used as a vehicle for money laundering or terrorist financing, these policies and procedures might not be completely 
effective. Moreover, to a certain extent, the Group must rely upon correspondent banks to maintain and properly apply their 
own appropriate anti-money laundering, “know your customer” and terrorist financing policies and procedures. If the Group 
does not comply with timely reporting requirements or other anti-money laundering or anti-terrorist financing laws and/or is 
associated with money laundering and/or terrorist financing, then its business, financial condition and/or results of operations 
might be adversely affected, including in manners that significantly exceed the actual value of the underlying transaction. In 
addition, involvement in such activities might carry criminal penalties or regulatory fines and sanctions (including being put 
on any “blacklists” that would prohibit certain parties from engaging in transactions with the Group) and might severely harm 
the Group’s reputation, each of which might have a material effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results 
of operations. 
In October 2014, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the “OECD”) Working Group on 
Bribery adopted the Phase 3 Report on Implementing the OECD Anti-Bribery Convention. In this report, the OECD Working 
Group expressed concerns about Türkiye’s low level of anti-bribery enforcement and recommended that Türkiye improve its

--- Page 57 ---
38 
efforts to proactively detect, investigate and prosecute allegations of foreign bribery. The OECD Working Group also expressed 
concern regarding certain deficiencies in Türkiye’s corporate liability legislation and enforcement against legal persons and 
made several recommendations to address these concerns. In addition, on 21 October 2021, the Financial Action Task Force 
(the “FATF”) placed Türkiye on the so-called “grey list” of countries in need of elevated supervision of its legal framework for 
combatting terrorism and money laundering. The FATF cited concerns about inadequate supervision of Türkiye’s banking and 
real estate sectors and dealers in gold and precious stones, including having undertaken insufficient prosecutorial efforts against 
violators (including freezing of assets). Consequently, to reflect Türkiye’s progress, the FATF re-rated the country on 
30 November 2021 on some recommendations and changed the rating of four recommendations from partially compliant to 
largely compliant. On 10 May 2022, the FATF re-rated the country and changed the rating of one recommendation from 
partially compliant to compliant and two recommendations from partially compliant to largely compliant. These concerns might 
negatively impact investors’ willingness to invest in Türkiye and/or engage with Turkish banks and changes in Turkish laws 
and practices might arise from these recommendations, both of which might have a material effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Personnel – The Group’s success depends upon retaining key members of its senior management and its ability to recruit, train 
and motivate qualified personnel 
The Group is dependent upon its senior management to implement its strategy and operate its day-to-day business. In 
addition, corporate, retail and other relationships of members of senior management are important to the conduct of the Group’s 
business. In a rapidly emerging and developing market such as Türkiye, demand for highly trained and skilled staff, particularly 
in the Group’s İstanbul headquarters, is very high and requires the Group to re-assess continually its compensation and 
employment policies. If members of the Group’s senior management were to leave, particularly if they were to join competitors, 
then those employees’ relationships that have benefited the Group might not continue with the Group.  
In addition, the Group’s success depends, in part, upon its ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified and 
experienced banking and management personnel. The Group’s failure to recruit and retain necessary personnel or manage its 
personnel successfully might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations. 
Other Group-Related Risks 
Audit Qualification – The auditor’s reports in relation to the Group’s and the Bank’s financial statements have included a 
qualification and reports in relation to future financial statements might include similar qualifications 
The independent auditor’s report included in each of the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein 
(other than the BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021) 
were qualified with respect to free provisions that were allocated by the Bank. Specifically, such report in the Group’s BRSA 
Annual Financial Statements for such year states that the qualification was the result of the fact that these reserves are “not 
within the requirements of” the BRSA Principles. See also the auditor’s report included in each of such BRSA Financial 
Statements incorporated by reference herein. Similar qualifications might be included in the corresponding audit or review 
reports for future fiscal periods. 
In 2022, the Bank’s management approved a free provision of TL 5,400,000 thousand due to the possible effects of 
adverse situations that might arise from possible changes in the economy and market conditions. 
Although free provisions do not impact the Group’s level of tax, the Group’s capital adequacy ratios and net 
profit/(loss) might otherwise be higher in the periods in which such provisions are established and lower in the periods in which 
such provisions are reversed. 
Large Shareholder – The interests of the Bank’s controlling shareholder might not be aligned with the interests of the investors 
in the Notes 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, QNB owns 99.88% of the Bank’s outstanding shares and has the voting power 
to influence the Bank’s strategy and business significantly, including through its power to elect all of the Bank’s Board of 
Directors and to determine the outcome of almost all matters to be decided by a vote of the Bank’s shareholders. The interests

--- Page 58 ---
39 
of QNB might differ from those of the investors in the Notes and QNB might cause the Bank to take or refrain from taking 
certain actions (e.g., declaring dividends or entering into corporate transactions) that might adversely affect the Noteholders’ 
investment in the Notes. See “Management” and “Share Capital and Ownership.” 
In addition, if QNB were to sell some or all of its shares in the Bank (whether in a secondary offering or a block sale 
to a strategic buyer), then the Bank might become controlled by a new party with different interests than the previous controlling 
shareholder of the Bank. As the Conditions do not include an Event of Default relating to a change in control of the Bank, 
investors in the Notes will not be entitled to have their Notes repaid as a result of any such change in control. 
Absence of Governmental Support – The Group’s non-deposit obligations are not guaranteed by the Turkish or any other 
government and there might not be any governmental or other support in the event of illiquidity or insolvency 
The non-deposit obligations of the Group are not guaranteed or otherwise supported by the Turkish or any other 
government. While rating agencies and others have occasionally included in their analysis of certain banks a view that 
systemically important banks would likely be supported by the banks’ home governments in times of illiquidity and/or 
insolvency (examples of which sovereign support have been seen in other countries during the global financial crisis), this 
might not be the case for Türkiye in general or the Group in particular. Investors in the Notes should not place any reliance 
upon the possibility of the Group being supported by any governmental or other entity at any time, including by providing 
liquidity or helping to maintain the Group’s operations during periods of material market volatility. See “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment - The Savings Deposit Insurance Fund (SDIF)” for information on the limited government-provided insurance 
for the Bank’s deposit obligations. 
Risks Relating to the Notes 
While the risks described above are important with respect to the Issuer’s ability to make payments due in respect of 
the Notes, there are additional risks that should be considered by investors in the Notes, including risks relating to the nature 
of the structure of the Notes and general risks relating to investments in the Notes (both of which are set out in the corresponding 
sub-category below). Such risks that the Issuer’s management has identified as having a material impact on investors in the 
Notes issued with the terms and conditions set out in this Base Prospectus (the “Conditions”) are set out in this category of risk 
factors; it being understood that the following does not address any specific conditions of, or circumstances relating to, any 
particular investor (including such investor’s own tax, regulatory or other circumstances) but rather to investors generally 
speaking. 
Risks Relating to the Structure of the Notes 
The Notes present investors with certain risks that are applicable to investments in senior unsecured obligations issued 
by the Issuer. Such risks that the Issuer’s management has identified as having a material impact on investors in the Notes are 
set out in this section. 
Unsecured Obligations – The Notes will constitute unsecured obligations of the Bank and will not be guaranteed 
The Bank’s obligations under the Notes will (subject to Condition 4) constitute unsecured obligations of the Bank and 
no other member of the Group has guaranteed, or will have any liability for, the Notes (and the BRSA Financial Statements of 
the Group incorporated into (and discussed in) this Base Prospectus should be understood accordingly as the Bank might not 
have the ability to access the assets of other members of the Group, including receiving dividends from such other members of 
the Group). The ability of the Bank to pay such obligations will depend upon, among other factors, its liquidity, overall financial 
strength and ability to generate asset flows, which might be affected by (inter alia) the circumstances described in these “Risk 
Factors.” 
Early Redemption – The Notes may be subject to early redemption in certain circumstances 
In accordance with Condition 8, the Issuer will, in certain circumstances described below, have the right to redeem 
Notes prior to their maturity date. This optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market price of an investment in the 
Notes because, until the end of the period in which the Issuer may elect so to redeem such Notes, the market price of an 
investment in such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. In addition, an

--- Page 59 ---
40 
investor might not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the then-applicable interest 
rate (the “Interest Rate”) on the Notes being redeemed and might only be able to do so at a significantly lower interest rate (or 
through taking on a greater credit risk). Reinvestment risk should be an important element of an investor’s consideration in 
investing in the Notes. 
Taxation. Unless provided otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem 
all (but not some only) of a Series of Notes on any Payment Business Day (including in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes) at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to their maturity date stated in 
the applicable Final Terms (for each Series, its “Maturity Date”), if: (a) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws of a Relevant Jurisdiction, or any change in the application or official interpretation of the laws of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction, which change or amendment becomes effective after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the 
most recently issued Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes (which will, for the avoidance of doubt, be the date on 
which the applicable Final Terms is signed by the Issuer), on the next Interest Payment Date, the Issuer would be 
required to: (i) pay Additional Amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9 and (ii) make any withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes imposed, assessed or levied by (or on behalf of) any Relevant Jurisdiction 
at a rate in excess of the applicable prevailing rates on the date on which agreement is reached to issue the most 
recently issued Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes, and (b) such requirement cannot be avoided by the Issuer 
taking reasonable measures available to it. Upon such a redemption, investors in such Series of Notes might not be 
able to reinvest the amounts received at a rate that will provide an equivalent rate of return as their investment in the 
redeemed Notes and, in the case of any Floating Rate Notes, the redemption might take place on any day during an 
Interest Period. See Condition 8.2. 
The withholding tax rate on interest payments in respect of bonds (such as the Notes) issued outside of 
Türkiye by corporations that are tax residents of Türkiye varies depending upon the original maturity of such bonds 
as specified under the Council of Ministers’ Decrees No. 2009/14592, 2009/14593 and 2009/14594, each dated 
12 January 2009, as amended by Decree No. 2010/1182 dated 20 December 2010, Decree No. 2011/1854 dated 
26 April 2011 and Presidential Decree No. 842 dated 20 March 2019 (together, the “Tax Decrees”). Pursuant to the 
Tax Decrees, the withholding tax rates are set according to the original maturity of debt instruments issued abroad as 
follows: (a) 7% withholding tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of less than one year, (b) 3% 
withholding tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of at least one year and less than three years and (c) 0% 
withholding tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of three years or more. 
Issuer Call. If “Issuer Call” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together (if 
applicable) with all interest accrued and unpaid to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. To the 
extent Notes have such an optional redemption feature, the Issuer can be expected to redeem such Notes when its cost 
of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on such Notes. In addition, in the case of any Floating Rate Notes, 
redemption might take place on any day during an Interest Period. See Condition 8.3. 
Effective Subordination – Claims of Noteholders under the Notes will be effectively subordinated to those of certain other 
creditors 
While Notes issued with the Conditions will rank pari passu with all of the Bank’s other unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness, the Notes will be effectively subordinated to the Bank’s secured indebtedness and securitisations, if any, to the 
extent of the value of the assets securing such transactions, and will be subject to certain preferential obligations under Turkish 
law (including, without limitation, liabilities that are preferred by reason of reserve and/or liquidity requirements required by 
law to be maintained by the Bank with the Central Bank, claims of individual depositors with the Bank to the extent of any 
amount that such depositors are not fully able to recover from the SDIF, claims that the SDIF might have against the Bank and 
claims that the Central Bank might have against the Bank with respect to certain loans made by it to the Bank). In addition: (a) 
creditors of the Bank benefitting from collateral provided by the Bank will have preferential rights with respect to such collateral 
(e.g., creditors in a covered bond programme) and (b) creditors of a foreign branch of the Bank might have preferential rights 
with respect to the assets of such branch. Any such preferential claims might reduce the amount recoverable by the Noteholders

--- Page 60 ---
41 
on any dissolution, winding up or liquidation of the Bank and might result in an investor in the Notes losing all or some of its 
investment. 
Change of Interest Basis – If a Series of Notes includes a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or vice versa, then this might affect the secondary market and the market price of an investment in such Notes 
Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. 
Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest basis with respect to a Series of Notes, might 
affect the secondary market and the market price of investments in such Notes as the change of interest basis might result in a 
lower interest return for investors. Where Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on such Notes might be 
less favourable than then-prevailing spreads on comparable securities tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time might be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, 
the fixed rate might be lower than then-prevailing rates on those Notes and might affect the market price of an investment in 
such Notes. 
Settlement Currency – In certain circumstances, investors might need to open a bank account in the Specified Currency of their 
Notes, payment might be made in a currency other than as elected by a Noteholder or the currency in which payment is made 
might affect the value of an investment in the Notes or such payment to the relevant Noteholder 
In the case of Turkish Lira-denominated Notes held other than through DTC, unless “USD Payment Election” is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an election to receive payments in U.S. dollars as provided in 
Condition 7.8 is made, holders of such Notes would need to have or open (and maintain) a Turkish Lira-denominated bank 
account, and no assurance can be given that Noteholders will be able to do so either inside or outside of Türkiye. For so long 
as such Notes are in global form, any Noteholder who does not maintain such a bank account will be unable to transfer Turkish 
Lira funds (whether from payments on, or the proceeds of any sale of, such Notes) from its account at a clearing system to 
which any such payment is made. 
Under Condition 7.8, if the Fiscal Agent receives cleared funds from the Bank in respect of Turkish Lira-denominated 
Notes held other than through DTC after the relevant time on the Relevant Payment Date, then the Fiscal Agent will use 
reasonable efforts to pay any U.S. dollar amounts that Noteholders have elected to receive in respect of such funds as soon as 
reasonably practicable thereafter. If, for illegality or any other reason, it is not possible for the Fiscal Agent to purchase U.S. 
dollars with any Turkish Lira funds received, then the relevant payments in respect of such Notes will be made in Turkish Lira. 
As any currency election in respect of any payment to be made under such Turkish Lira-denominated Notes for the purposes 
of Condition 7.8 is irrevocable: (a) its exercise might (at least temporarily) affect the liquidity of the applicable Notes, (b) a 
Noteholder would not be permitted to change its election notwithstanding changes in exchange rates or other market conditions 
and (c) if the Fiscal Agent cannot, for any reason, effect the conversion of the amount paid by the Issuer in Turkish Lira, then 
Noteholders will receive the relevant amount in Turkish Lira. 
For Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars that are held through DTC, if a Noteholder 
wishes to receive payment in such Specified Currency, then it would need to have or open and maintain a bank account in such 
Specified Currency. Any Noteholder who does not maintain such a bank account will be unable to receive payments on such 
Notes in the Specified Currency. Absent an affirmative election to receive such payments in the Specified Currency, the 
Exchange Agent will convert any such payment made by the Issuer in the Specified Currency into U.S. dollars and the holders 
of such Notes will receive payment in U.S. dollars through DTC’s normal procedures. See Condition 7.9. 
Noteholders will have no recourse to the Bank, any Agent or any other Person for any reduction in value to the holder 
of any relevant Notes or any payment made in respect of such Notes as a result of such payment being made in the Specified 
Currency or in accordance with any currency election made by that holder, including as a result of any foreign exchange rate 
spreads, conversion fees or commissions resulting from any exchange of such payment into any currency other than the 
Specified Currency. Such exchange, and any fees and commissions related thereto, or payment made in the Specified Currency 
might result in a Noteholder receiving an amount that is less than the amount that such Noteholder might have obtained had it 
received the payment in the Specified Currency and converted such payment in an alternative manner or if payment had been 
made in accordance with the relevant currency election.

--- Page 61 ---
42 
Furthermore, any claim against the Bank that is denominated in a currency other than Turkish Lira would, in the event 
of the bankruptcy of the Bank, only be payable in Turkish Lira. The relevant exchange rate for determining the Turkish Lira-
equivalent amount of any such claim would be the Central Bank’s exchange rate for the purchase of the relevant currency that 
is effective on the date the relevant court decides on bankruptcy of the Bank in accordance with the applicable laws of Türkiye. 
Benchmarks Uncertainty – The regulation, reform and/or replacement of “benchmarks” might adversely affect the value of 
investments in Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Certain interest rates and indices that are deemed to be “benchmarks” (such as EURIBOR) are the subject of recent 
national and international regulatory reforms. Some of these reforms are already effective (for example, in the case of 
EURIBOR) while others are still to be implemented. Any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, might increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Accordingly, the implementation of any benchmark-
related reforms might, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the benchmark and/or cause such benchmark to perform differently than in the past. In addition, a 
benchmark subject to a reform proposal might disappear entirely or result in other consequences that cannot be predicted. Any 
such consequences might have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a benchmark. 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it: (a) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise 
recognised or endorsed) and (b) prevents certain uses by EU-supervised entities (as defined in Article 3(1)(17) of the 
Benchmarks Regulation) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation might have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of such benchmark change(s) during the term of such Notes in order to comply 
with the requirements of the Benchmark Regulation. Such changes might, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the applicable benchmark. 
European Money Markets Institute, as the registered benchmark administrator of EURIBOR, shifted in 2019 from a 
quote-based methodology of calculating EURIBOR to a hybrid methodology that is based upon contributions of individual 
panel banks that submit transaction-based data. In its publication of 15 February 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group 
recommended that, in respect of any events resulting in a cessation of EURIBOR or if EURIBOR for whatever reasons would 
no longer be representative of the underlying market it purports to measure, EURIBOR be replaced with the Euro Short-term 
Rate (referred to as “€STR”), which is a risk-free rate that has been published by the ECB since 2 October 2019. The euro risk 
free-rate working group for the euro area has also published a set of guiding principles and high level recommendations for 
fallback provisions in (inter alia) new euro-denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. These 
guiding principles indicate (inter alia) that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback 
provisions) might increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group 
published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates (with the recommendation for the 
EURIBOR fallback rate for floating-rate notes to be based upon a backward-looking €STR rate, adjusted in relation to the term 
of the applicable securities and an applicable spread adjustment). 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether and to what extent certain benchmarks will be supported going 
forward. This might cause a benchmark to perform differently than it has done in the past, and might have other consequences 
that cannot be predicted, including: (a) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a 
benchmark, (b) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (c) leading to the disappearance 
of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations relating to benchmarks might have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
any investment in Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Condition 6.7 provides for certain fallback arrangements (the “benchmark discontinuation provisions”) in the event 
that SONIA, SOFR, EURIBOR, TLREF, ROBOR, PRIBOR, HIBOR, SIBOR, NIBOR, WIBOR, CNH HIBOR or any other 
relevant benchmark is discontinued or no longer published or a Benchmark Event otherwise occurs, including the possibility 
that the Interest Rate on the applicable Notes could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative reference rate and,

--- Page 62 ---
43 
in either case, as adjusted by reference to an Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, as applicable. With 
respect to the benchmark rates for Notes (other than Notes that reference SOFR for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Condition 6.7(II) as being applicable), to the extent that the relevant benchmark is discontinued or no longer published or a 
Benchmark Event otherwise occurs with respect thereto, and no alternative, successor or replacement reference rate is identified 
or selected in accordance with the benchmark discontinuation provisions, then the Interest Rate on the applicable Notes will be 
determined by the fallback provisions provided for under Condition 6.2(b); however, such provisions, being dependent in part 
upon the provision by reference banks, might not operate as intended depending upon market circumstances and the availability 
of interest rate information at the relevant time and might in certain circumstances result in the effective application of a fixed 
rate based upon the rate that applied in the previous period when any relevant benchmark was available, in effect resulting in 
such Notes becoming fixed rate notes. Any of these alternative methods might result in interest payments that are lower than 
or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that would have been made on the applicable Notes if any 
relevant benchmark were available in their current form. Additionally, if any relevant benchmark rate is discontinued or no 
longer published, then there can be no assurance that the applicable fallback provisions under any related swap agreements 
would operate so as to ensure that the benchmark rate used to determine payments under any related swap agreements is the 
same as that used to determine interest payments under the applicable Notes. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions or the Agency Agreement, the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders is not required in the case of amendments to the Conditions pursuant to the benchmark 
discontinuation provisions to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate(s) or amount of interest or the basis for calculating 
any Interest Amount in respect of the applicable Notes or for any other variation of the Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement required to be made in the circumstances described in the benchmark discontinuation provisions where the Issuer 
has delivered to the Calculation Agent a certificate in the form and manner required by the benchmark discontinuation 
provisions. Any such amendment made pursuant to the benchmark discontinuation provisions might have unexpected 
commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder or 
Couponholder, any such amendment will be favourable to each Noteholder or Couponholder. 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the 
involvement of the Issuer and/or an Independent Advisor in accordance with the benchmark discontinuation provisions, the 
relevant benchmark discontinuation provisions might not operate as intended at the relevant time. More generally, any of the 
above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant benchmark might have a material 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the applicable Notes. No assurance may be provided 
that relevant changes will not be made to SONIA, SOFR, EURIBOR, TLREF, ROBOR, PRIBOR, HIBOR, SIBOR, NIBOR, 
WIBOR, CNH HIBOR or any other relevant benchmark and/or that such benchmarks will continue to exist. Investors should 
consider these matters and make their own assessment about the potential risks imposed by benchmark reforms and 
investigations when making their investment decision with respect to the Notes. 
Any of the factors above and their consequences might have a material adverse effect on the trading market for, value 
of and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisors and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the current uncertainty related to the discontinuation of benchmarks, the benchmark discontinuation provisions set 
out in Condition 6.7 and the Benchmarks Regulation in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or 
referencing a benchmark. 
SOFR – The use of SOFR as a benchmark is subject to various uncertainties 
On 25 April 2019, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee announced its final recommendations for fallback 
provisions for floating rate notes that set their interest rates based upon the U.S. dollar London interbank offer rate (“USD 
LIBOR”), including the use of SOFR. As SOFR is a new benchmark with limited historical use in the international capital 
markets, its impact and development are uncertain. These uncertainties include the following: 
The composition and characteristics of SOFR are not the same as those of USD LIBOR and there is no 
guarantee that SOFR is a comparable substitute for USD LIBOR. The composition and characteristics of SOFR are 
not the same as those of USD LIBOR. SOFR is a broad U.S. Treasury “repo” financing rate that represents overnight 
secured funding transactions, which means that SOFR is fundamentally different from USD LIBOR in at least two 
key manners. Firstly, SOFR is a secured rate while USD LIBOR is an unsecured rate. Secondly, SOFR is an overnight

--- Page 63 ---
44 
rate while USD LIBOR has represented interbank funding over different maturities. As a result, there can be no 
assurance that SOFR will perform in the same way as USD LIBOR would have at any time, including (without 
limitation) as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, market volatility or global or regional 
economic, financial, political, regulatory, judicial or other events. For example, since publication of SOFR began in 
April 2018, changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than changes in comparable benchmark or other 
market rates (including USD LIBOR). 
Because SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as administrator of SOFR, based 
upon data received from other sources, the Issuer has no control over its determination, calculation or publication; 
in addition, there can be no assurance that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that 
is materially adverse to the interests of investors in SOFR-linked Floating Rate Notes. SOFR is published by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the “FRBNY”) and is intended to be a broad measure of the cost of borrowing 
cash overnight collateralised by U.S. Treasury securities. The FRBNY reports that SOFR includes all trades in the 
“Broad General Collateral Rate” plus bilateral U.S. Treasury “repo” transactions cleared through the delivery-versus-
payment service offered by the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation (the “FICC”), a subsidiary of The Depository 
Trust & Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”). SOFR is filtered by the FRBNY to remove a portion of the foregoing 
transactions considered to be “specials.” According to the FRBNY, “specials” are repos for specific-issue collateral 
that take place at cash-lending rates below those for general collateral repos because cash providers are willing to 
accept a lesser return on their cash in order to obtain a particular security. 
The FRBNY reports that SOFR is calculated as a volume-weighted median of transaction-level tri-party repo 
data collected from The Bank of New York Mellon, which currently acts as the clearing bank for the tri-party repo 
market, as well as “General Collateral Finance Repo” transaction data and data on bilateral U.S. Treasury repo 
transactions cleared through the FICC’s delivery-versus-payment service. The FRBNY notes that it obtains 
information from DTCC Solutions LLC, an affiliate of DTCC. 
The FRBNY currently publishes SOFR on each of its business days on its website at 
https://apps.newyorkfed.org/markets/autorates/sofr. The FRBNY states on its publication page for SOFR that use of 
SOFR is subject to important disclaimers, limitations and indemnification obligations, including that the FRBNY (or 
a successor), as administrator of SOFR, may alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision 
practices or availability of SOFR at any time without notice. 
Because SOFR is published by the FRBNY based upon data received from other sources, the Issuer has no 
control over its determination, calculation or publication. In addition, there can be no assurance that SOFR will not be 
discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in SOFR-
linked securities. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed, then such change might result in a reduction 
of the amount of interest payable on SOFR-linked securities, which might adversely affect the market price of an 
investment in such SOFR-linked securities. 
As noted above, the FRBNY started publishing SOFR in April 2018, and the SOFR Index began on 2 March 
2020, and, therefore, each has a very limited history. The FRBNY also publishes historical indicative SOFRs dating 
back to 2014, but the future performance of SOFR cannot be predicted based upon historical performance. Such 
historical indicative data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Investors should not rely 
upon such historical indicative data or upon any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of the future 
performance of SOFR. Since the initial publication of SOFR, changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile 
than changes in comparable benchmark or other market rates (including USD LIBOR) and SOFR over the term of any 
Series of SOFR-linked Floating Rate Notes might bear little or no relation to the historical actual or historical 
indicative data. In addition, the return on and value of SOFR-linked securities might fluctuate more than floating rate 
debt securities that are linked to less volatile rates. Changes in the levels of SOFR will affect Compounded SOFR and 
the SOFR Index and, therefore, the return on any related SOFR-linked Notes and the trading price of such Notes but 
it is impossible to predict whether such levels will rise or fall. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that 
Compounded SOFR or SOFR will be positive. 
The calculation of interest might not accurately reflect an investor’s cost of funding. The interest payable on 
any Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as SOFR Index will 
be based upon Compounded SOFR, which is calculated using the SOFR Index published by the FRBNY according to

--- Page 64 ---
45 
the specific formula described under Condition 6.2(b)(v), not the SOFR rate published on or in respect of a particular 
date during any Interest Period or an arithmetic average of SOFR rates during such period. For this and other reasons, 
the interest rate on any such Notes during any Interest Period will not necessarily be the same as the interest rate on 
other SOFR-linked investments that use an alternative basis to determine the applicable interest rate. Furthermore, if 
the SOFR rate in respect of a particular date during an Interest Period is negative, then its contribution to the SOFR 
Index will be less than one, resulting in a reduction to Compounded SOFR used to calculate the interest payable on 
the relevant Notes on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period. 
Under Condition 6.7(II), if a particular replacement rate cannot be determined for Floating Rate Notes linked 
to SOFR for which the applicable Final Terms specify Condition 6.7(II) as being applicable, then the next-available 
replacement rate will apply. In addition, such Condition expressly authorises the Issuer to make certain adjustments 
to the replacement rate as are necessary to reflect the adoption of the replacement rate, substantially consistent with 
market practice, without the consent or approval of the Noteholders. The application of these adjustments might result 
in adverse consequences to the amount of interest payable on such Notes, which might adversely affect the return on, 
value of and/or market for an investment in such Notes. 
Furthermore, interest on SOFR-linked Floating Rate Notes is only capable of being determined at the end of 
the relevant Interest Period and immediately or shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It might be difficult 
for investors in SOFR-linked Floating Rate Notes to estimate reliably the amount of interest that will be payable on 
such securities, and some investors might be unable or unwilling to trade such securities without changes to their 
information technology systems, both of which might adversely impact the liquidity of such securities. This same lack 
of advanced notice of the amount of an interest payment would also apply upon an acceleration after an Event of 
Default. 
The SOFR Index Benchmark Replacement is uncertain and any replacement is likely to be a relatively new 
market index. If the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as SOFR Index and the Issuer determines 
that a Benchmark Event for SOFR and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred before the Reference 
Time in respect of any determination of the applicable Benchmark on any date, then the Issuer will determine a 
Benchmark Replacement in accordance with the benchmark transition provisions described in Condition 6.7(II). After 
such an event, interest on the relevant Notes will no longer be determined by reference to the applicable Benchmark 
but instead will be determined by reference to the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
The determination of a Benchmark Replacement, the calculation of the interest rate on the relevant Notes by 
reference to a Benchmark Replacement (including the application of a Benchmark Replacement Adjustment), any 
implementation of Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes and any other determinations, decisions or elections 
that may be made under the terms of such Notes in connection with a Benchmark Event for SOFR might adversely 
affect the return on, value of and/or market for an investment in such Notes. Any Benchmark Replacement will likely 
be a relatively new market index and might itself be thereafter altered or discontinued. 
The SOFR Index might be modified or discontinued and Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as SOFR Index might bear interest by reference to a rate other than 
Compounded SOFR, which might adversely affect the value of an investment in any such Notes. The SOFR Index is 
published by the FRBNY based upon data received by it from sources other than the Issuer and the Issuer has no 
control over the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of the SOFR Index. 
There can be no assurance, particularly given its relatively recent introduction, that the SOFR Index will not be 
discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in any relevant 
Notes. 
If the manner in which the SOFR Index is calculated, including the manner in which SOFR is calculated, is 
changed, then that change might result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable on any relevant Notes and/or 
the value of and/or market for an investment in such Notes. In addition, the FRBNY may withdraw, modify or amend 
the published SOFR Index or SOFR data in its sole discretion and without notice. The interest rate for any Interest 
Period will not be adjusted for any modifications or amendments to the SOFR Index or SOFR data that the FRBNY 
may publish after the interest rate for that Interest Period has been determined.

--- Page 65 ---
46 
SONIA – The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche of Notes specifies that the interest rate for such Notes will be 
determined by reference to the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), interest will be determined on the basis of 
Compounded Daily SONIA (as defined in Condition 6.2(b)(iii)) by the Calculation Agent or, if the Calculation Method is 
specified as being “Compounded Index Rate,” by reference to the SONIA Compounded Index. Compounded Daily SONIA 
differs from the Sterling London interbank offer rate (“Sterling LIBOR”) in a number of material respects, including (without 
limitation) that Compounded Daily SONIA is a backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rate, whereas Sterling 
LIBOR has been expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and incorporating a credit risk-element based upon inter-
bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that Sterling LIBOR and SONIA might behave materially differently as 
interest reference rates for Notes. The use of SONIA as a reference rate for debt instruments is developing, and is subject to 
change, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the 
issuance and trading of debt securities referencing SONIA. 
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA should be aware that the 
market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to 
Sterling LIBOR. For example, the SONIA Compounded Index has not been published until August 2020 and, accordingly, the 
Compounded Daily SONIA derived from the SONIA Compounded Index is not a rate commonly used in the market for 
calculating interest rates (including, pre-August 2020, floating rate notes that reference SONIA). In the context of backwards-
looking SONIA rates, market participants and relevant working groups (including ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, 
Refinitiv and FTSE Russell) have developed forward-looking “term” SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the 
market’s forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term by reference, primarily, to SONIA Overnight 
Index Swap quotes provided in interdealer central limit order books and, where such data is unavailable, subject to a waterfall 
of alternative data). The adoption of SONIA has already seen component inputs into Sterling swap rates or other composite 
rates transferring from Sterling LIBOR or another reference rate to SONIA. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from that set out 
in Condition 6.2(b)(iii) as applicable to Notes referencing a SONIA rate. In addition, the Issuer may in the future issue Notes 
referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA-
referenced Notes issued by it. The continuing development of Compounded Daily SONIA as an interest reference rate for the 
capital markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for 
adopting such rates, might result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or might otherwise affect the market price of any 
SONIA-referenced Notes from time to time. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes that reference Compounded Daily SONIA is only capable of being determined 
immediately or shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It might be difficult for investors in Notes that reference 
Compounded Daily SONIA to estimate reliably the amount of interest that will be payable on such Notes, and some investors 
might be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their information technology systems, both of which might 
adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, if Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA become due and payable 
as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 11, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date, then the Interest Rate payable for the final Interest Period in respect of such Notes shall only be determined immediately 
or shortly prior to the date on which such Notes become due and payable. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the eurobond market might differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. 
Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA reference rates across these markets 
might impact any hedging or other financial arrangements that they might put in place in connection with any acquisition, 
holding or disposal of investments in Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA. 
As SONIA and the SONIA Compounded Index are published by the Bank of England based upon data from other 
sources, the Issuer has no control over their determination, calculation or publication. There can be no guarantee that SONIA 
and the SONIA Compounded Index will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to 
the interests of investors in Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA. If the manner in which SONIA and/or the SONIA 
Compounded Index is calculated is changed, then that change might result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on 
the relevant Notes and the trading prices of investments in such Notes. Furthermore, to the extent the SONIA Compounded 
Index is no longer published, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes will be

--- Page 66 ---
47 
determined using the alternative methods described in Condition 6.2(b)(iii). Such alternative methods might result in interest 
payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on such 
Notes if SONIA and/or the SONIA Compounded Index had been provided by the Bank of England in its current form. In 
addition, the use of such alternative methods might also result in a fixed Interest Rate being applied to the relevant Notes. 
Since SONIA is a relatively new market index, Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA might have no established 
trading market when issued and an established trading market might never develop or might not be very liquid. Market terms 
for debt securities indexed to SONIA, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, might evolve over 
time and, as a result, the market price of an investment in SONIA-linked securities might be lower than those of later-issued 
debt securities that are linked to SONIA. Similarly, if SONIA does not prove to be widely used in debt securities that are similar 
or comparable to the Notes, then the market price of an investment in SONIA-linked Floating Rate Notes might be lower than 
that of debt securities that are linked to rates that are more widely used. An investor in SONIA-linked Notes might not be able 
to sell their investment in such Notes at all or at a price that will provide such investor a yield comparable to similar investments 
that have a developed secondary market and, thus, such investor might suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk 
with respect to its investment in such Notes. 
Accordingly, an investment in Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA entails significant risks not associated with 
similar investments in conventional debt securities. Any investor should ensure that it understands the nature of the terms of 
such Notes and the extent of its exposure to risk and that it considers the suitability of such Notes as an investment in the light 
of its own circumstances and financial condition. An investor should consult its own professional advisors about the risks 
associated with investment in Notes that reference SONIA and the suitability of investing in such Notes in light of its particular 
circumstances. 
TLREF – The use of TLREF as a benchmark is subject to various uncertainties 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche of Notes specifies that the interest rate for such Notes will be 
determined by reference to the Turkish Lira Overnight Reference Rate (“TLREF”), interest will be determined in respect of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period by reference to the BIST TLREF Index and the relevant published TLREF Index thereon on 
the relevant TLREF Interest Determination Date. TLREF differs from the Turkish Lira Interbank Offer Rate (“TRLIBOR”) in 
a number of material respects, including (without limitation) that TLREF is a backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free 
overnight rate, whereas TRLIBOR has been expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and incorporating a credit risk-
element based upon inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that TRLIBOR and TLREF might behave materially 
differently as interest reference rates for Notes. The use of TLREF as a reference rate for debt instruments is developing, and 
is subject to change, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market 
infrastructure for the issuance and trading of debt securities referencing TLREF. Accordingly, prospective investors in any 
Notes referencing TLREF should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to TLREF as a reference rate in the 
capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to TRLIBOR. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of TLREF that differs significantly from that set out 
in Condition 6.2(b)(ix) as applicable to Notes referencing TLREF. In addition, the Issuer may in the future issue Notes 
referencing TLREF that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous TRLIBOR-
referenced Notes issued by it. The continuing development of TLREF as an interest reference rate for the capital markets, as 
well as continued development of TLREF-based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, 
might result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or might otherwise affect the market price of any TLREF-referenced 
Notes from time to time. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes that reference TLREF is only capable of being determined immediately or shortly prior 
to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It might be difficult for investors in Notes that reference TLREF to estimate reliably the 
amount of interest that will be payable on such Notes, and some investors might be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes 
without changes to their information technology systems, both of which might adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. 
Further, if Notes referencing TLREF become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 11, or are 
otherwise redeemed early on a date other than an Interest Payment Date, then the Interest Rate payable for the final Interest 
Period in respect of such Notes shall only be determined immediately or shortly prior to the date on which such Notes become 
due and payable.

--- Page 67 ---
48 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of TLREF in the eurobond market might differ materially compared 
with the application and adoption of TLREF in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should 
carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of TLREF across these markets might impact any hedging or other 
financial arrangements that they might put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of investments in 
Notes referencing TLREF. 
As TLREF and the BIST TLREF Index are published by Borsa İstanbul, the Issuer has no control over their 
determination, calculation or publication. There can be no guarantee that TLREF and the BIST TLREF Index will not be 
discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Floating Rate Notes 
that reference TLREF. If the manner in which TLREF is calculated is changed, then that change might result in a reduction of 
the amount of interest payable on the relevant Notes and the trading prices of investments in such Notes. Furthermore, to the 
extent the BIST TLREF Index is no longer published, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Interest Rate on Floating 
Rate Notes will be determined using the alternative methods described in Condition 6.2(b)(ix). Such alternative methods might 
result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been 
made on such Notes if TLREF and/or the BIST TLREF Index had been provided by Borsa İstanbul in its current form. In 
addition, the use of such alternative methods might also result in a fixed Interest Rate being applied to the relevant Notes. 
Since the BIST TLREF Index is a relatively new market index, Floating Rate Notes that reference TLREF might have 
no established trading market when issued and an established trading market might never develop or might not be very liquid. 
Market terms for debt securities indexed to TLREF, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, might 
evolve over time and, as a result, the market price of an investment in TLREF-linked securities might be lower than those of 
later-issued debt securities that are linked to TLREF. Similarly, if TLREF does not prove to be widely used in debt securities 
that are similar or comparable to the Notes, then the market price of an investment in TLREF-linked Floating Rate Notes might 
be lower than that of debt securities that are linked to rates that are more widely used. An investor in TLREF-linked Notes 
might not be able to sell their investment in such Notes at all or at a price that will provide such investor a yield comparable to 
similar investments that have a developed secondary market and, thus, such investor might suffer from increased from increased 
pricing volatility and market risk with respect to its investment in such Notes. 
Accordingly, an investment in Floating Rate Notes that reference TLREF entails significant risks not associated with 
similar investments in conventional debt securities. Any investor should ensure that it understands the nature of the terms of 
such Notes and the extent of its exposure to risk and that it considers the suitability of such Notes as an investment in the light 
of its own circumstances and financial condition. An investor should consult its own professional advisors about the risks 
associated with investment in Notes that reference TLREF and the suitability of investing in such Notes in light of its particular 
circumstances. 
Risks Relating to Notes Denominated in Renminbi 
Notes may be denominated in Renminbi (“Renminbi Notes”). An investment in Renminbi Notes involves particular 
risks, including: 
Renminbi Convertibility – Renminbi is not completely freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance 
of Renminbi into and outside the PRC, which might affect the liquidity of investments in Renminbi Notes 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The government of the PRC (the 
“PRC Government”) continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies despite significant reduction 
in the control by the PRC Government in recent years, particularly over trade transactions involving the import and export of 
goods and services and other frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account 
items. Remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account items, such as capital contributions, 
debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing 
specific registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. 
Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into the PRC for settlement of capital account items are (as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus) being developed. 
Although Renminbi was, as of 1 October 2016, added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the 
International Monetary Fund and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in 
foreign currencies were implemented by the People’s Bank of China (the “PBoC”), there is no assurance that the PRC

--- Page 68 ---
49 
Government will continue to liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future or that new regulations 
in the PRC will not be promulgated that have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside 
the PRC. In the event that funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in Renminbi, this might affect the overall availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under Renminbi Notes. 
Renminbi Availability – There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which might affect the liquidity of 
Renminbi Notes and the Issuer’s ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service Renminbi Notes 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, licensed banks in Singapore and Hong Kong 
may offer limited Renminbi-denominated banking services to Singapore residents, Hong Kong residents and specified business 
customers. While the PBoC has entered into agreements on the clearing of Renminbi business (the “Settlement Agreements”) 
with financial institutions in a number of financial centres and cities (the “RMB Clearing Banks”) and these RMB Clearing 
Banks have been authorised to engage in the settlement of Renminbi-denominated trade transactions, the size of Renminbi-
denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by the PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-border 
Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. In addition, Renminbi business 
participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBoC. The relevant RMB Clearing Bank only has 
access to onshore liquidity support from the PBoC for the purpose of settling open positions of participating banks for limited 
types of transactions, including open positions resulting from conversion services for corporations relating to cross-border trade 
transactions. The relevant RMB Clearing Bank is not obliged to settle for participating banks any open positions resulting from 
other foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. Where onshore liquidity support from the PBoC is not available, 
the participating banks will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC to settle such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth is subject 
to many constraints as a result of PRC laws on foreign exchange. There is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be 
promulgated or the Settlement Agreements will not be terminated or amended so as to have the effect of restricting the 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC might affect the liquidity of 
investments in the Renminbi Notes. To the extent that the Issuer is required to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service the 
Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
Although the Issuer’s primary obligation is to make all payments with respect to Renminbi Notes in Renminbi, where 
“RMB Currency Event” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the event access to Renminbi becomes 
restricted to the extent that, by reason of RMB Inconvertibility, RMB Non-Transferability or RMB Illiquidity (each as defined 
in Condition 7.11), the Issuer is unable to make any payment in respect of the Renminbi Note in Renminbi, the terms of such 
Renminbi Notes will permit the Issuer to make payment in U.S. dollars converted at the Spot Rate, all as provided in 
Condition 7.11. The value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollar terms might vary with the prevailing exchange rates in 
the market. 
Renminbi Exchange Rate Risks – An investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is 
affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions and by many other factors. On 11 December 
2015, the China Foreign Exchange Trade System (the “CFETS”), a sub-institutional organisation of the PBoC, published the 
CFETS Renminbi exchange rate index for the first time, which index weighs the Renminbi based upon 13 currencies, to guide 
the market in order to measure the Renminbi exchange rate. This change, and others that might be implemented, might increase 
the volatility in the value of the Renminbi against other currencies. All payments of interest and principal with respect to 
Renminbi Notes will be made in Renminbi unless “RMB Currency Event” is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, and a RMB Currency Event occurs, in which case payment will be made in U.S. dollars converted at the Spot 
Rate. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollars or other foreign currency terms might vary with the 
prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of the Renminbi depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other applicable 
foreign currencies, then the value of any investment in Renminbi Notes in terms of the U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign 
currency will decline.

--- Page 69 ---
50 
Renminbi Interest Rate Risk – An investment in fixed rate Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risks 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further liberalisation 
might increase interest rate volatility. If a Series of Renminbi Notes carries a fixed interest rate, then the trading price of an 
investment in such Renminbi Notes will vary with fluctuations in Renminbi interest rates. If an investor in Renminbi Notes 
tries to sell such investment, then they might receive an offer that is less than the amount invested. 
Renminbi Payment Mechanics – Payments in respect of Renminbi Notes will be made to investors in the manner specified in 
the Conditions 
Investors might be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account information) 
in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi clearing and settlement system for 
participating banks in Hong Kong or such other RMB Settlement Centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
All Renminbi payments to investors in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made solely: (a) for so long as the Renminbi 
Notes are represented by Global Notes held with a common depositary (a “Common Depositary”) or common safekeeper (a 
“Common Safekeeper”), as the case may be, for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg” and, with Euroclear and DTC, the “Clearing Systems”) or any alternative clearing system, by 
transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong or any such other RMB Settlement Centre(s) in accordance 
with prevailing Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg rules and procedures or the rules and procedures of such alternative 
clearing system, or (b) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account 
maintained in Hong Kong or such other RMB Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. Other 
than as described in Condition 7.11, the Issuer cannot be required to make payment by any other means (including in any other 
currency or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
PRC Tax Consequences – There might be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in the Renminbi Notes 
In considering whether to invest in the Renminbi Notes, investors should consult their individual tax advisors with 
regard to the application of PRC tax laws to their particular situation, as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws 
of any other tax jurisdictions. The value of the Noteholder’s investment in the Renminbi Notes might be materially and 
adversely affected if the Noteholder is required to pay PRC tax with respect to acquiring, holding or disposing of and receiving 
payments under those Renminbi Notes. 
Risks Relating to Investments in the Notes Generally 
In addition to the structure-specific risks noted above, investors in the Notes will be subject to additional risks relating 
to investing in the Notes. Such risks that the Issuer’s management has identified as having a material impact on investors in the 
Notes are set out in this sub-category; it being understood that the following does not address any specific conditions of, or 
circumstances relating to, any particular investor (including such investor’s own tax, regulatory or other circumstances) but 
rather to investors generally speaking. 
No Secondary Market – An active secondary market in respect of the Notes might never be established or might be illiquid and 
this might adversely affect the price at which an investor could sell its investment in the Notes 
The Notes generally will have no established trading market when issued and (even for any Notes that are admitted to 
the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market) one might never develop or, if developed, it might not be sustained. 
If a market does develop, then it might not be very liquid and investments in the Notes might trade at a discount to their initial 
offering price depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the 
Bank’s financial condition. Therefore, investors might not be able to sell their investments in the Notes easily or at prices that 
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly 
the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment 
objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These 
types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. If an active trading market for investments in the Notes is not developed or maintained, then the market or trading 
price and liquidity of investments in the Notes might be adversely affected.

--- Page 70 ---
51 
Market Price Volatility – The market price of an investment in the Notes might be subject to a significant degree of volatility 
The market price of an investment in the Notes might be subject to significant fluctuations in response to actual or 
anticipated variations in market interest rates, the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s operating results, adverse business developments, 
changes to the regulatory environment in which the Group operates, changes in financial estimates by securities analysts and/or 
the actual or expected sale by the Group of other debt securities, as well as other factors, including the trading market for debt 
issued by Turkish governmental entities. In addition, in recent years the global financial markets have experienced significant 
price and volume fluctuations that, if repeated in the future, might adversely affect the market price of an investment in the 
Notes without regard to the Issuer’s financial condition or results of operations. For example: (a) investment in Fixed Rate 
Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the interest rate paid on such Fixed Rate Notes, 
then this will adversely affect the market price of an investment in such Fixed Rate Notes, and (b) investment in any Notes 
involves the risk of adverse changes in the market price of an investment in such Notes if the interest rate or (for Floating Rate 
Notes) margin of new similar debt instruments of the Issuer would be higher. 
Consent for Modifications – The Conditions contain provisions that permit their modification without the consent of all of the 
investors in the applicable Series 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally and for Extraordinary Resolutions to be passed in writing or by way of electronic consents. These provisions permit 
investors in the Notes in a Series holding defined percentages of the Notes of such Series to bind all investors in the Notes of 
such Series, including investors that did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting (or did not sign such a written resolution 
or provide such electronic consent, as applicable) and investors that voted in a manner contrary to the decision of the deciding 
group. These matters might include (inter alia) even: (a) modifying the Maturity Date of the applicable Series or any date for 
the payment of interest thereon, (b) reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the amount of interest payable in respect 
of the applicable Series, (c) altering the currency of payment of the applicable Series or (d) approving any scheme or proposal 
for the exchange or substitution of Notes for, or the conversion of Notes into, or the cancellation of Notes in consideration of, 
shares, bonds and/or other securities of the Issuer or any other company formed or to be formed. As a result, binding decisions 
might be taken by the holders of such defined percentages of the Notes of a Series that are contrary to the preferences of any 
particular investor in such Series. 
In addition, the consent or approval of the Noteholders or the Couponholders is not required in the case of amendments 
to the Conditions pursuant to the benchmark discontinuation provisions described above under “-Benchmarks Uncertainty” to 
vary the method or basis of calculating the rate(s) or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in 
respect of the Notes or for any other variation of the Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement required to be made in the 
circumstances described in the benchmark discontinuation provisions. 
Further Issues – The Issuer may issue further Notes of any Series, which would dilute the existing Noteholders’ share of the 
Notes of such Series 
As permitted by the Conditions, the Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders of a Series, 
create and issue further Notes of such Series; provided that (among other conditions) such further Notes will be fungible with 
the outstanding Notes of such Series for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of their issuance being a “qualified 
reopening” under U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.1275-2(k) unless the original Notes were, and such further Notes are, offered 
and sold by (or on behalf of) the Issuer solely in reliance upon Regulation S in offshore transactions to Persons other than U.S. 
persons. To the extent that the Issuer issues further Notes of a Series, the share of an existing Noteholder of such Series (e.g., 
in respect of any meeting of holders of the Notes of that Series (see “-Consent for Modifications”)) will be diluted. 
Transfer Restrictions – Transfers of investments in the Notes will be subject to certain restrictions and investments in Global 
Notes can only be held through a Clearing System 
Although the CMB has granted the CMB Approval authorising the issuance of a maximum principal amount of Notes 
(and other securities) pursuant to Decree 32, the Capital Markets Law, the Debt Instruments Communiqué and other related 
laws as debt securities to be offered outside of Türkiye, the Notes have not been and are not expected to be registered: (a) under 
the Securities Act or any applicable state’s or other jurisdiction’s securities laws or (b) other than by the Central Bank of Ireland 
as described herein, with the SEC or any other applicable state’s or other jurisdiction’s regulatory authorities. The offering of 
the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) will be made pursuant to exemptions from the registration requirements of the

--- Page 71 ---
52 
Securities Act and in compliance with other securities laws. Accordingly, reoffers, resales, pledges and other transfers of 
investments in the Notes will be subject to certain transfer restrictions. Each investor is advised to consult its legal advisors in 
connection with any such reoffer, resale, pledge or other transfer. See “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” 
Because transfers of interests in the Global Notes can be effected only through book entries at the applicable Clearing 
System(s) for the accounts of their respective direct participants, the liquidity of any secondary market for investments in the 
Global Notes might be reduced to the extent that some investors are unwilling or unable to invest in Notes held in book-entry 
form in the name of a direct participant in the applicable Clearing System. The ability to pledge interests in the Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein) might be limited due to the lack of a physical certificate. In the event of the insolvency of a Clearing 
System or any of their respective participants in whose name interests in the Notes are recorded (or any indirect participants), 
the ability of beneficial owners to obtain timely or ultimate payment of principal and interest on the Notes might be impaired. 
Enforcement of Judgments – It might not be possible for investors to enforce foreign judgments against the Bank or its 
management 
The Bank is a joint stock company organised under the laws of Türkiye (specifically, under the Banking Law). Certain 
of the directors and officers of the Bank reside inside Türkiye and all or a substantial portion of the assets of such persons might 
be, and substantially all of the assets of the Bank are, located in Türkiye. As a result, it might not be possible for investors in 
the Notes to effect service of process upon such persons outside Türkiye or to enforce against them in the courts of jurisdictions 
other than Türkiye any judgments obtained in such courts that are predicated upon the laws of such other jurisdictions. 
In addition, under Türkiye’s International Private and Procedure Law (Law No. 5718), a judgment of a court 
established in a country other than Türkiye might not be enforced in Turkish courts in certain circumstances. There is no treaty 
between the UK and Türkiye providing for reciprocal enforcement of judgments; however, Turkish courts have rendered at 
least one judgment confirming de facto reciprocity between the UK and Türkiye with respect to the enforcement of judgments 
of their respective courts. Nevertheless, since de facto reciprocity is decided by the relevant court on a case-by-case basis, there 
is uncertainty as to the enforceability of court judgments obtained in the UK by Turkish courts. The same might apply for 
judgments obtained in other jurisdictions. For further information, see “Enforcement of Judgments and Service of Process.” 
Change in Law – The value or market price of an investment in the Notes might be adversely affected by a change in the laws 
of England or Türkiye or in administrative practice in those jurisdictions 
The Conditions are based upon the laws of England and Türkiye and administrative practice in effect as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, and having regard to the expected tax treatment of all relevant entities under such laws and practice. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to the laws of England or Türkiye (or the 
laws of any other jurisdiction) (including any change in regulation that might occur without a change in the primary legislation) 
or administrative practice in England or Türkiye after the date of this Base Prospectus, nor can any assurance be given as to 
whether any such change might materially adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes or the 
value or market price of an investment in the Notes. 
Definitive Notes might need to be Issued – Investors who hold interests in Global Notes in denominations that are not a 
Specified Denomination might be adversely affected if Definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Global Notes or Registered Global Notes (each a “Global Note”) and having 
denominations consisting of a minimum specified denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller 
amount (the “Specified Denomination”), it is possible that interests in such Global Notes might be traded in amounts in excess 
of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a 
case, an investor who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount that is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in an account with the relevant Clearing System at the relevant time: (a) would not be able to sell the remainder 
of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination 
such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination and (b) may not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding 
(should Definitive Notes replace the applicable Global Note) and would need to purchase or sell a principal amount of Notes 
at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.

--- Page 72 ---
53 
If Definitive Notes are issued, then the holders thereof should be aware that Definitive Notes that have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination might be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Reliance upon Clearing Systems – Investors in Global Notes will be subject to the rules of the applicable Clearing System and 
their ability to exercise rights relating to the Notes directly might be limited 
Unless issued in definitive form, the Notes will be represented on issue by one or more Global Note(s) that will be: 
(a) deposited with and (if issued in registered form) registered in the name of a nominee for a Common Depositary or a Common 
Safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (b) deposited with and registered in the name 
of a nominee for DTC. Except in the circumstances described in the applicable Global Note and Final Terms, investors in a 
Global Note will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Each of the Clearing Systems and their respective direct 
and indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it. While Notes are 
represented by a Global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests therein only through the relevant Clearing 
Systems and their respective direct and indirect participants. 
Except in certain circumstances described in Condition 7.9 with respect to non-U.S. dollar payments for Global Notes 
for which DTC is the Clearing System, for so long as the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its 
payment obligations thereunder by making payments through the relevant Clearing System(s). A holder of a beneficial interest 
in a Global Note must rely upon the procedures of the relevant Clearing System and its participants to receive payments in 
respect of their interests in such Global Note. The Issuer will have no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will be subject to the applicable procedures of the applicable Clearing 
System, its participants and any other intermediary and will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes so represented. 
Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the relevant Clearing System(s) and its 
participants to appoint appropriate proxies or to act directly. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests: (a) in a Global Note 
might have to prove their interests in order to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a default under the 
relevant Notes and (b) in a Global Note for which DTC is the clearing system will be subject to the applicable procedures of 
DTC and might not have a direct right to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant 
Note. 
Sanction Targets 
The Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury (“OFAC”) administers regulations that 
restrict the ability of U.S. persons to invest in, or otherwise engage in business with, certain countries and territories, including 
Russia, Belarus, the Crimea region of Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk People’s Republic, the so-called Luhansk People’s 
Republic, Iran and Syria, and specially designated nationals (“SDNs”), and other United States, UK, EU and United Nations 
rules impose similar restrictions (the SDNs and other targets of these restrictions being together the “Sanction Targets”). As 
the Bank is not a Sanction Target, these rules do not prohibit U.S. or European investors from investing in, or otherwise 
engaging in business with, the Bank; however, while the Group does not directly or indirectly invest in, or otherwise engage in 
business with, Sanction Targets in violation of Sanctions (and the Bank’s policies restrict the Bank from engaging in any 
prohibited business investments and transactions with Sanction Targets in violation of Sanctions, including with respect to the 
proceeds of the Notes), to the extent that the Group invests in, or otherwise engages in business with, Persons that thereafter 
become Sanction Targets, investors in the Notes might incur the risk of indirect contact with Sanction Targets. See “The Group 
and its Business – Anti-Money Laundering, Combatting the Financing of Terrorism and Anti-Bribery” and “The Group and its 
Business – Compliance with Sanctions Laws.” 
Exchange Rate Risks and Exchange Controls – If an investor has investments in Notes that are not denominated in the investor’s 
home currency, then such investor will be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of such 
investor’s holding; in addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes might result in an investor not 
receiving payments on those Notes 
Except as described otherwise herein, the Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency, 
which presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange 
rates might significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s

--- Page 73 ---
54 
Currency) and the risk that the Turkish government and/or authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency might 
impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease: (a) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (b) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the 
interest and principal payable on the Notes and (c) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market price of an investment in the 
Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities might impose exchange controls that might adversely affect an applicable 
exchange rate and/or the ability to convert and/or transfer currency. If this occurs, particularly if it directly affects the Bank’s 
payments on the Notes, then an investor in the Notes might receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal, and/or might receive payment in a currency other than the applicable Specified Currency. An investor might also not 
be able to convert (at a reasonable exchange rate or at all) amounts received in the applicable Specified Currency into the 
Investor’s Currency, which might materially adversely affect the market price of an investment in the Notes. There might also 
be tax consequences for investors of any such currency changes. 
Credit Ratings – Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes might not reflect all risks associated with an investment in 
those Notes and might be lowered, suspended or withdrawn 
The expected initial credit rating(s) (if any) of a Tranche of Notes will be set out in the Final Terms for such Tranche. 
Any relevant rating agency may lower, suspend or withdraw its rating if, in its sole judgment, the credit quality of the applicable 
Notes has declined or is in question. If any credit rating assigned to a Series is lowered, suspended or withdrawn, then the 
market price of an investment in the applicable Notes might decline. Neither any rating agency nor the Issuer has any obligation 
to maintain any such rating(s) during the life of any Series, including from any particular Rating Agency. 
In addition to the ratings of the Programme and/or a Series of Notes provided by Moody’s and Fitch and the ratings 
of the Issuer by the Rating Agencies, one or more other independent credit rating agency(ies) might assign credit ratings to the 
Programme, a Series of Notes and/or the Issuer, which additional credit ratings of other independent credit rating agency(ies) 
might be lower than the current rating(s) of such Notes and/or the Issuer. Also, if any credit rating assigned to Türkiye and/or 
QNB is lowered or put on negative watch, then such change might have a negative impact on the Issuer’s credit rating. In 
addition, the ratings might not reflect the potential impact of all risks relating to the structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above and other factors that might affect the value or market price of an investment in the Notes. 
In general, regulated investors in the EU are restricted under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, the 
“EU CRA Regulation”) from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended). Similarly, in general, UK-regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended, as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”) from using credit ratings for regulatory 
purposes unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended). Such general restrictions also apply in the case of 
credit ratings issued by non-EU or non-UK credit rating agencies, as the case may be, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EU-registered or UK-registered credit rating agency, respectively, or the relevant non-EU or non-UK rating 
agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation or the United Kingdom CRA Regulation, respectively (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). If the status of a rating agency 
rating the Notes changes, then regulated investors in the EU and/or UK might no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes and the Notes might have a different regulatory treatment, which might result in such investors selling their investment 
in the Notes, which might impact the value of the Notes and/or any secondary market in the Notes. The list of registered and 
certified rating agencies published by ESMA or the FCA, as the case may be, on its website in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation or UK CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency being included in such 
list as there might be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and publication 
of an updated ESMA or FCA list. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and might be revised, suspended or withdrawn 
by the applicable rating agency at any time. Similar ratings on different types of securities do not necessarily mean the same 
thing. Ratings on any Notes also do not address the marketability of investments in such Notes or any market price. Any change 
in the credit rating(s) of any Notes or the Issuer might adversely affect the price that a subsequent purchaser will be willing to 
pay for investments in such Notes. The significance of each rating should be analysed independently from any other rating.

--- Page 74 ---
55 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The Bank will incur various expenses in connection with the issuance of each Tranche of the Notes, including (as 
applicable) underwriting fees, legal counsel fees, rating agency expenses and listing expenses. The net proceeds of each issue 
of Notes (the estimated amount of which net proceeds will, for each Series listed on a regulated market in the EEA, be set out 
in the applicable Final Terms) will be applied by the Bank for its general corporate purposes; however, for any particular Series, 
the Bank may agree (and so specify in the Final Terms for the Tranche(s) of such Series) with the relevant Dealer(s) or 
investor(s) that the proceeds of the issuance of the applicable Notes shall be used for one or more specific purpose(s). The use 
of proceeds, if any, provided in the Final Terms for each Tranche in a Series with more than one Tranche shall be the same.

--- Page 75 ---
56 
SUMMARY FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Unless otherwise indicated, the following summary financial and other information have been extracted (except as 
noted in the “Key Ratios and Other Information” table) from the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements without material 
adjustment. The information in this section should be read in conjunction with the information contained in the relevant BRSA 
Financial Statements (including the notes therein) incorporated by reference herein. 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Income Statement Data: 
(TL thousands)
Interest income ..............................................................
17,715,908
26,917,067
66,995,815
Interest expense .............................................................  
(7,440,458) 
(14,082,721) 
(28,428,661) 
Net interest income/(expense) ..................................  
10,275,450 
12,834,346 
38,567,154 
Fees and commissions received ....................................
3,172,963
4,767,706
9,049,873
Fees and commissions paid ...........................................  
(571,921) 
(1,085,960) 
(2,361,312) 
Net fees and commissions income/(expense)...........  
2,601,042 
3,681,746 
6,688,561 
Net trading income/loss (net) ........................................
(2,558,740)
(3,208,946)
1,071,694
Other operating income.................................................
82,214
483,880
333,926
Dividend income ...........................................................
5,257 
1,305 
16,976 
Total operating gross profit.....................................  
10,405,223 
13,792,331 
46,678,311 
Other operating expenses (including other provision 
expenses and personnel expenses).................................
(4,592,804)
(5,453,632)
(11,747,254)
Expected credit losses ...................................................
(2,529,981)
(3,311,372)
(5,096,254)
Free provisions(1) ...........................................................
-
-
(5,400,000)
Income/loss from investments under equity accounting
98,258 
107,822 
219,325 
Operating profit/loss before taxes...........................  
3,380,696 
5,135,149 
24,654,128 
Provisions for taxes of continued operations.................
(626,069) 
(1,227,288) 
(7,427,908) 
Net profit/(loss).........................................................  
2,754,627 
3,907,861 
17,226,220 
 
 
 
 
 
(1) As such free provisions are not permitted under the BRSA Principles, the Group’s independent auditors noted this departure in the BRSA 
Annual Financial Statements by qualifying their opinion. Should the Bank’s management determine that market conditions have improved 
to such an extent that such additional provisions are not required, then they might elect to reverse such provisions in future periods, which 
would have the result of increasing income in such period.

--- Page 76 ---
57 
As of 31 December 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Balance Sheet Data: 
(TL thousands)
Cash and balances with the Central Bank..........................................
27,406,461
70,294,571
94,537,791
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss (net)...
8,451,846
19,221,279
17,362,243
Banks .................................................................................................
1,515,756
15,820,128
11,143,703
Money market placements.................................................................
752,392
159,508
8,467,980
Loans and receivables (net)(1) ............................................................
146,332,590
212,355,262
363,104,938
Investment securities (net)(2)..............................................................
33,923,314
49,524,930
102,200,748
Investment in associates (net)(3).........................................................
237,920
270,367
462,086
Tangible assets (net) ..........................................................................
3,489,185
3,694,515
4,790,947
Intangible assets (net) ........................................................................
520,715
648,585
1,054,534
Current tax asset ................................................................................
29,628
2,040
101,935
Deferred tax assets.............................................................................
1,034,082
341,690
563,762
Other assets........................................................................................
11,325,832
11,516,137
17,353,147
Total assets ...................................................................................  
235,019,721 
383,849,012 
621,143,814 
Bank deposits.....................................................................................
4,583,344
12,977,095
10,225,775
Deposits from customers(4) ................................................................
125,691,512
212,899,484
382,537,347
Money market borrowings.................................................................
14,994,670
18,190,614
23,078,637
Funds borrowed .................................................................................
25,896,890
37,252,267
55,217,357
Other liabilities and provisions(5).......................................................
22,106,083
38,554,240
53,820,450
Securities issued (net)........................................................................
14,723,958
29,802,816
32,016,909
Subordinated loans.............................................................................
6,704,294
11,852,564
17,127,724
Current tax liabilities .........................................................................
1,077,742
167,723
2,843,483
Deferred tax liabilities .......................................................................
—
—
—
Total liabilities..............................................................................  
215,778,493 
361,696,803 
576,867,682 
Paid-in capital....................................................................................
3,350,000
3,350,000
3,350,000
Share premium...................................................................................
714
714
714
Other comprehensive income/expense items to be reclassified to 
profit or loss .......................................................................................
(1,079,025)
(1,963,526)
3,382,391
Other comprehensive income/expense items not to be reclassified to 
profit or loss.......................................................................................
(111,564) 
(223,943) 
(672,157) 
Other capital reserves ........................................................................
—
—
—
Profit reserves....................................................................................
14,217,872
17,072,922
20,979,569
Profit / (loss) ......................................................................................
2,855,050
3,906,647
17,223,799
Total equity attributable to equityholders of the parent 
shareholder ...................................................................................  
 
19,233,047 
 
22,142,814 
 
44,264,316 
Minority interest ................................................................................
8,181
9,395
11,816
Total shareholders’ equity...........................................................  
19,241,228 
22,152,209 
44,276,132 
Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity...................................  
235,019,721 
383,849,012 
621,143,814 
 
 
 
 
Off-balance sheet commitments and contingencies...................  
145,430,295 
206,155,941 
342,547,583 
 
 
 
 
(1) Includes lease receivables and factoring receivables. 
(2) Represents the total of investment securities measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (net) and investment securities measured at 
amortised cost (net). 
(3) Represents the total of investment in associates (net), investment in subsidiaries (net) and entities under common control (joint ventures) (net). 
(4) Referred to as “other deposits” in the BRSA Financial Statements. 
(5) Represents the total of derivative financial liabilities for hedging purposes, derivative financial liabilities for trading, provisions and other liabilities. 
The following table includes certain of the Group’s key ratios as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2021 
and 2022. The basis for calculation of ratios that are non-GAAP financial measures is set out in the notes below. Non-GAAP

--- Page 77 ---
58 
financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information presented in 
compliance with the BRSA Principles. See “Presentation of Financial and Other Information.” 
As of (or for the year ended) 
31 December 
Key Ratios: 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Profitability Ratios: 
Net interest margin......................................................................................................
6.1%
5.7%
9.7%
Other operating expenses as a percentage of total average assets ...............................
2.1%
1.9%
2.3%
Cost-to-income ratio....................................................................................................
44.1%
39.5%
25.2%
Return on average total assets .....................................................................................
1.3%
1.4%
3.4%
Return on average shareholders’ equity ......................................................................
15.8%
18.9%
53.1%
Balance Sheet Ratios: 
Deposits to total assets (total deposits including bank deposits).................................
55.4%
58.8%
63.2%
Total loans (net of provisions) to total assets ..............................................................
62.3%
55.3%
58.5%
Credit Quality: 
NPL ratio.....................................................................................................................
6.0%
4.2%
2.5%
Specific provisions for loan losses to NPLs ................................................................
74.9%
74.9%
82.5%
Specific provisions for loan losses to total loans.........................................................
4.9%
3.4%
2.2%
Capital Adequacy: 
Tier 1 regulatory capital as a percentage of risk-weighted assets and market risk(1)...
13.1%
12.2%
11.7%
Total regulatory capital as a percentage of risk-weighted assets and market risk(1)....
15.8%
15.2%
14.5%
Average shareholders’ equity excluding minority interest as a percentage of average 
total assets ...................................................................................................................
8.0%
7.2%
6.4%
Other Information: 
Average employees during the period.........................................................................
12,973
12,209
12,634
Branches at period end (Bank-only)............................................................................
475
444
436
Inflation rate/GDP 
Producer price index inflation(2) ..................................................................................
25.2%
79.9%
97.7%
Gross domestic product (% change)(3).........................................................................
1.8%
11.0%
6.2%
TL/US$ Exchange Rate: 
Period end....................................................................................................................
7.3405
12.9775
18.6966
 
 
(1) 
Capital adequacy ratios calculated in accordance with BRSA guidelines. 
(2) 
Base year –2003. Increased to 97.7% as of December 2022. 
(3) 
Represents the growth of GDP. For 2022, this represents growth during the first nine months of 2022 compared to the same period of the previous year. 
On 21 December 2022, the Bank paid TL 981 million to acquire the 51% of Cigna Health, Life and Pension that it did 
not already own, resulting in the company becoming a 100% subsidiary of the Bank.

--- Page 78 ---
59 
CAPITALISATION OF THE GROUP 
The following table sets forth the capitalisation of the Group as of the indicated dates. The following financial 
information has been extracted from the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements without material adjustment. This table should 
be read in conjunction with the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements (including the notes therein) incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus. 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Paid-in capital...................................................................................
3,350,000
3,350,000
3,350,000
Equity share premium.......................................................................
714
714
714
Other comprehensive income/expense items to be reclassified to 
profit or loss......................................................................................
(1,079,025)
(1,963,526)
3,382,391
Other comprehensive income/expense items to be reclassified to 
profit or loss......................................................................................
(111,564)
(223,943)
(672,157)
Minority interest...............................................................................
8,181
9,395
11,816
Reserves and retained earnings.........................................................
17,072,922
20,979,569
38,203,368
Total shareholders’ equity ..........................................................
19,241,228 
22,152,209 
44,276,132 
Funds borrowed (medium/long-term)(1)(2)......................................... 
20,187,411
35,966,860
41,381,544
Debt securities issued (medium/long-term)(1)...................................
11,741,001
21,624,460
17,703,865
Total capitalisation ...................................................................... 
51,169,640 
79,743,529 
103,361,541 
 __________________________________  
(1) 
Funds borrowed and debt securities issued do not include short-term (less than one year) borrowed funds and debt securities issued. 
(2) 
Includes the Bank’s US$910.0 million of tier 2 subordinated debt instruments.

--- Page 79 ---
60 
THE GROUP AND ITS BUSINESS 
General 
The Bank is a Turkish private commercial bank that provides banking products and services to retail, corporate, 
commercial and SME banking and other customers through a network of branches operating in major cities throughout Türkiye. 
As of 31 December 2022, according to the most recent statistics published before the date of this Base Prospectus on the Public 
Disclosure Platform, the Bank was the fifth largest private bank in Türkiye in terms of Bank-only total assets with TL 601.8 
billion of total assets. Since 15 June 2016, following the completion of the transfer of shares from the NBG Group to QNB, the 
Bank has been a subsidiary of QNB. QNB, together with its subsidiaries and associate companies, is a leading banking group 
operating in 30 countries around the world, primarily in the Middle East and North Africa region. See “Share Capital and 
Ownership – Ownership.” 
Since its initial entry to the Turkish banking market in 1987, the Bank has grown its branch network significantly. The 
Bank’s branch network increased from 309 branches as of 31 December 2006 to 436 branches (including one branch in Bahrain) 
as of 31 December 2022. As of such date, the Bank’s branch network consisted of 402 full-service branches, 17 retail-only 
branches, three corporate-only branches and 14 commercial-only branches located in 53 commercial centres in Türkiye, mainly 
in İstanbul, İzmir, Ankara and Antalya. The Group aims to maintain the number of its branches at approximately the current 
levels. The Group, through the Bank and its subsidiaries and other affiliates, also undertakes leasing, factoring, insurance and 
investment banking activities. As of 31 December 2022, the Group had total assets of TL 621.1 billion, total loans and 
receivables (net) of TL 363.1 billion, total deposits of TL 392.8 billion and total equity of TL 44.3 billion. 
In addition to its branch network, the Group has made significant investments in alternative delivery channels such as 
ATMs, a POS network, internet banking, mobile banking and a call centre. In October 2012, the Group launched Enpara.com, 
an online banking platform designed to provide banking and payment services to retail customers in Türkiye without the use 
of any physical branches. Since its establishment, Enpara.com has grown its registered customer base from 18,000 customers 
in 2012 to 4.3 million customers as of 31 December 2022, with 77% of such customers not having been pre-existing customers 
of the Group. 
The Group has three main business segments: retail, affluent and private banking, SME banking and corporate and 
commercial banking, additional information about each of which is provided below: 
 
Retail, Affluent and Private Banking. The Group’s retail, affluent and private banking activities consist 
primarily of mortgages, consumer lending, credit and debit card services, deposits, investments and insurance 
products. The Group’s offerings to retail customers are divided into three main further sub-groups: (a) private 
banking, which serves individuals with liquid assets under management exceeding TL 750,000 through 
customised service offerings, (b) the affluent segment, which serves individuals with assets under 
management between TL 100,000 and TL 750,000, offering features such as dedicated relationship managers 
and a diverse set of banking and non-banking services and benefits, and (c) the mass banking with a wide 
variety of products and services. Retail, affluent and private banking has been one of the principal drivers of 
the Group’s growth during recent years. As of 31 December 2022, the Group had approximately 6.1 million 
retail, affluent and private banking customers (excluding credit card customers) and the Group had 
performing retail loans and receivables (including mortgage, retail credit card and consumer loans (which 
comprise personal need loans, overdrafts and auto loans)) of TL 119 billion, representing 31.9% of the 
Group’s performing loans and receivables (representing total gross loans, including financial assets measured 
at fair value through profit and loss, minus specific provisions). 
 
SME Banking. The Bank’s SME banking activities consist primarily of revolving credit lines, instalment 
loans, overdrafts, business housing loans and demand deposits. As one of the first banks in Türkiye to focus 
on this segment, the Bank started its SME banking operations at the beginning of 2003 to support Turkish 
small businesses. The SME banking segment consists of: (a) Small Business Banking, which serves 
enterprises with annual revenues of up to TL 12.0 million, and (b) Medium-sized Enterprises Banking, which 
serves enterprises with annual revenues between TL 12.0 million and TL 250.0 million. In recent years, SME 
banking has represented an increasingly important part of the Group’s overall loan portfolio. As of 
31 December 2022, the Group’s SME banking operations had approximately 401,951 active customers and

--- Page 80 ---
61 
performing loans and receivables of TL 64.1 billion, representing 18.2% of the Group’s performing loans 
and receivables. 
 
Corporate and Commercial Banking. The Group’s corporate and commercial banking activities primarily 
consist of traditional and non-cash lending, project and structured finance, trade finance, foreign trade, cash 
management, corporate syndication, secondary market transactions, deposit taking and certificated debt 
instruments. The corporate and commercial banking segment consists of: (a) corporate banking, which serves 
large businesses (including multinational corporations), and (b) commercial banking, which serves 
enterprises with annual revenues between TL 250.0 million and TL 1,500.0 million. As of 31 December 
2022, the Group’s corporate and commercial banking operations had approximately 10,645 customers and 
performing loans and receivables of TL 169.8 billion, representing 48.2% of the Group’s performing loans 
and receivables. 
The Group also undertakes leasing, factoring, insurance, investment banking and other activities through its 
subsidiaries and other affiliates. 
History 
The Bank was founded in İstanbul on 23 September 1987 and its primary focus originally was to provide wholesale 
banking services to large Turkish corporations, in particular the financing of trade activities and working capital and the 
issuance of guarantees to and on behalf of large Turkish corporations. The Bank also provided investment banking services, 
concentrating initially on the sale and trading of Treasury bills and debt and equity instruments and corporate finance advisory 
activities. Since 1987, the Bank has significantly expanded the range of services that it offers to its corporate customers located 
in Türkiye and abroad. As a provider of wholesale banking services, the Bank initially operated through four offices (two in 
İstanbul and one each in Ankara and İzmir) until 1995. 
In 1995, the Bank made a strategic decision to expand its branch network, and to enter the retail banking sector, 
concentrating on upper-middle income individuals. At the same time, corporate banking activities were expanded 
geographically with the establishment of new branches in additional commercial centres. In January 1997, the Bank’s 
investment banking activities were transferred, in accordance with CMB regulations, to QNB Finans Invest, a subsidiary 
established exclusively for that purpose. 
In June 1999, the Turkish and Bahraini banking authorities granted a banking licence to allow the Bank to establish a 
branch office in Manama, Bahrain. This branch office, which commenced operations in July 1999, allows the Bank to capitalise 
on the tax advantages afforded by Bahrain and provides the Bank with greater access to countries in the Persian Gulf region.  
NBG acquired 46.0% of the Bank’s ordinary shares and 100.0% of its founder dividend shares in August 2006, which 
founder dividend shares are to be redeemed in accordance with the Bank’s Board of Directors resolution, dated 16 September 
2014. In January 2007, NBG acquired a further 43.4% of the Bank’s outstanding ordinary shares through a tender offer required 
by its initial acquisition. 
In April 2007, following an agreement signed in January of the same year, NBG disposed of 5.0% of the Bank’s 
ordinary shares to the International Finance Corporation (the “IFC”). During 2007, NBG acquired a further 0.5% of the 
outstanding share capital of the Bank.  
On 9 November 2012, the Bank disposed of 51.0% of Finans Emeklilik ve Hayat Anonim Şirketi (“Finans Pension”) 
to Cigna for TL 202.9 million and also established a so-called earn-out structure of preference dividends paid to the Bank. As 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank holds 49.0% of the shares of Finans Pension. Following the sale transaction, 
Finans Pension has been accounted for in the Group’s financial statements using the equity method. In 2012, the Bank and 
Finans Pension signed an exclusive agency agreement for the duration of 15 years that covers the Bank’s distribution of Finans 
Pension’s life insurance and pension products. In 2013, Finans Pension’s title was changed to Cigna Finans Emeklilik ve Hayat 
Anonim Şirketi and, in October 2020, the title was further changed to Cigna Sağlık Hayat ve Emeklilik Anonim Şirketi (“Cigna 
Health, Life and Pension”). On 14 January 2023, the Bank reacquired all of the interests in the company.

--- Page 81 ---
62 
On 16 November 2012, the Bank executed a share purchase agreement with Banque PSA Finance SA for the disposal 
of 100.0% of the shares of Finans Consumer Finance for TL 4.3 million. Finans Consumer Finance was established in 2008 
and its primary focus was to provide loans to consumers for the purchase of certain goods and services from merchants with 
whom the Company has a partnership agreement. 
The Bank’s ordinary shares were listed for the first time on the Borsa İstanbul on 3 February 1990. The Bank undertook 
a secondary public offering on 3 June 1998 when Global Depositary Receipts, representing its ordinary shares, were listed on 
the London Stock Exchange. 
On 29 March 2007, NBG and the IFC entered into a put and call option agreement (the “Put and Call Option 
Agreement”) relating to the IFC’s shares in the Bank. On 26 September 2014, the IFC exercised its put option under this 
agreement and sold to NBG 1,417,499,438.73 shares that it held in the Bank, representing 5.0% of the ordinary shares of the 
Bank, in exchange for US$343,060,696.50 pursuant to the provisions set forth in the Put and Call Option Agreement. 
On 9 November 2015, the BRSA approved the Bank’s acquisition of the shares that Banque PSA Finans SA held in 
Hemenal Finansman A.Ş. (“Hemenal Finansman”), a company providing consumer finance loans. Such share transfer was 
finalised on 14 December 2015. 
On 21 December 2015, NBG entered into the Share Purchase Agreement with QNB regarding the sale of its direct 
and indirect 99.81% stake in the Bank. On 15 June 2016, NBG and its subsidiaries holding shares in the Bank and other NBG 
Group companies transferred all of their shares to QNB, which shares, as of such date, corresponded to: (a) 99.81% of the share 
capital of the Bank, (b) 0.2% of the share capital of QNB Finans Invest, (c) 0.02% of the share capital of Finans Asset 
Management and (d) 29.87% of the share capital of Finans Leasing. In accordance with the Squeeze-Out and Sell-Out 
Communiqué, the shareholders of the Bank (other than QNB) had a right to sell their shares in the Bank to QNB within a three 
month period starting on 16 June 2016. At the end of such period, as of 16 September 2016, 99.88% of the shares of the Bank 
were owned by QNB and the remaining shares were traded on the Borsa İstanbul. See “Share Capital and Ownership.” 
The marketing name of the Bank was changed to “QNB Finansbank” on 20 October 2016 and the Bank’s legal name 
was changed to “QNB Finansbank A.Ş.” on 19 January 2018.

--- Page 82 ---
63 
Corporate Structure 
The following chart shows the subsidiaries and joint ventures of the Group as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
 ________________  
(1) The Bank operates a foreign branch office in Manama, Bahrain. 
Retail, Affluent and Private Banking 
Overview 
The Group’s retail, affluent and private banking activities consist primarily of mortgages, consumer lending, credit 
and debit card services, deposits and investment management, and insurance products. Income from the Group’s retail, affluent 
and private banking activities includes net interest income from loans and receivables to/from retail customers and deposits 
collected from individuals, as well as fee and commission income received from loan underwriting, asset management services, 
life insurance and property and casualty insurance products, credit and debit card-related services, settlements and cash-related 
transactions with or for individuals. Even though the Group has been reducing its exposure to retail customers since 2012, 
retail, affluent and private banking has been one of the principal drivers of the Group’s growth in recent years. As of 
31 December 2022, the Group had approximately 6.1 million active retail, affluent and private banking customers (excluding 
credit card customers) compared to approximately 5.3 million as of 31 December 2021 and had performing retail loans and 
receivables (including mortgage, credit card and consumer loans (which comprise personal need loans, overdrafts and auto 
loans)) of TL 119 billion, representing 31.9% of the Group’s performing loans and receivables (representing total gross loans, 
including financial assets measured at fair value through profit and loss, minus specific provisions). 
QNB FİNANSBANK A.Ş.(1)
Co-operations with other banks
Bantaş
Interbank Card Centre
Information Technologies
IBTECH
QNB E- Finans
Financial Services
QNB Finans Invest
QNB Finans Factoring
QNB Finans Asset 
Management
QNB Finans Leasing
QNB Finance Asset Leasing
Insurance
Cigna Health, Life and 
Pension

--- Page 83 ---
64 
Since entering the Turkish retail, affluent and private banking market in 1995, the Bank has developed a network of 
branches that are designed to sell a full range of the Group’s financial products dedicated exclusively to retail and corporate 
customers. The Bank offers a full range of retail and corporate banking and related financial services through all 402 of its full-
service branches, as well as 17 retail-only financial services, as of 31 December 2022. The Bank’s policy is to make all of its 
retail products available at all of its branches (excluding four corporate branches and one branch in Bahrain) and have a retail 
customer representative or relationship manager in each branch. 
The Bank’s management believes that its approach of combining branches with alternative delivery channels has 
resulted in a network that is both productive and efficient. As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s retail branches had an average 
retail loan volume of TL 273 million and, according to the Banks Association of Türkiye, the Group had (as of such date) the 
most productive branch network in Türkiye in terms of branch retail loan volumes, even though it was the youngest network 
among its Private Sector Peers with an average branch age of 19.6 years. See also “– Branches.” 
The Bank’s goal for its retail, affluent and private banking operations is to become the bank of choice for individuals, 
providing fast, efficient and relationship-oriented services, addressing customer needs and differentiating its offerings so as to 
steer away from spread compression in the market. The key pillars of the Bank’s retail, affluent and private banking strategy 
are a dynamic sales network consisting of high productivity branches and what the Bank believes are market-leading alternative 
sales and distribution channels, a marketing engine continuously deploying innovative products and campaigns, unparalleled 
customer and product analytics boosting both customer and product profitability, and state of the art risk management 
supporting healthy business growth. 
The Group’s retail, affluent and private banking operations are divided into two main groups: Consumer Banking and 
Credit Cards. Consumer Banking operations are further divided into three sub-groups, namely private banking, affluent segment 
and mass banking, each of which is described as follows: 

Private Banking: This segment, which had approximately 11,316 active customers and represented 0.4% of 
the Group’s retail loans and receivables (and 23.0% of the Group’s retail deposit base) as of 31 December 
2022, assists customers build and preserve their financial wealth through tailored investment strategies and 
offers its customers time deposits, mutual funds, emerging market bonds, domestic and international equities, 
government bonds, corporate bonds, currency exchange, forward contracts, futures, options and structured 
products. The private banking sub-segment also creates and implements mid- to long-term asset allocation 
in line with each customer’s particular risk tolerance. This segment serves customers with assets under 
management exceeding TL 1,750,000 (or the Turkish Lira-equivalent of such amount in one or more 
currencies) at the Bank. The private banking sub-segment supports all of the Group’s business lines (retail, 
corporate and commercial) and cooperates with QNB Finans Asset Management and QNB Finans Invest to 
execute and advise clients’ transactions. 

Affluent Segment: This segment, branded as “Xclusive Banking,” had approximately 105,249 active 
customers and represented 2.1% of the Group’s retail loans and receivables (and 53.8% of the Group’s retail 
deposit base) as of 31 December 2022. “Xclusive Banking” was launched at the beginning of 2009 and serves 
customers with assets under management between TL 450,000 and TL 1,750,000. The service offering to 
affluent segment customers is centred on dedicated relationship managers in branches supported by dedicated 
agents at the call centre, offering a diverse and exhaustive set of banking and non-banking benefits. Given 
the focus of the segment towards higher income customers, the customers are provided with daily investment 
advisory and investment products targeted to the segment. The Bank is the only bank in Türkiye to have 
established a Retail Sector Banking Unit focused on developing banking relationships with medical doctors. 

Mass Banking: This segment, which had approximately 6.2 million active customers and represented 38.4% 
of the Group’s retail loans and receivables (and 23.2% of the Group’s retail deposit base) as of 31 December 
2022, is served through a more standardised product set and packaged offerings. Customer acquisition in the 
mass banking is mostly executed through consumer loan, credit card, mortgage sales and salary account 
relations. Although cross-sales at the point of acquisition are a key part of customer profitability 
improvement, strong central customer analytics-driven portfolio management activities further boost 
customer profitability and retention. Such activities are executed by central outbound and inbound call centre 
teams and other alternative delivery channels such as Internet and mobile banking in addition to the branch

--- Page 84 ---
65 
sales efforts. Moreover, packaged offers designed for mass banking customers help to improve additional 
product penetration to overall customer portfolio. Sub-segment programmes such as the retiree package and 
the salary-account package serve the same purpose while creating a good platform for customer 
communication. Companies that made salary payments through the Bank in 2022 increased by 3% compared 
to 2021 due, in addition to marketing efforts by the Bank, to the improvements in economic activity after 
declines in 2021 resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. As of 31 December 2022, the mass banking 
segment had 505 customer representatives operating out of 407 retail branches. 
The Group offers loans, deposits and other services to its retail customers as described in the following sections. 
Loans 
The following table sets forth the Group’s retail loans per category as of the indicated dates. 
As of 31 December 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Mortgages............................................................
3,870,093
3,528,646
3,334,895
Retail credit card loans........................................
15,854,990
22,551,083
48,424,475
Personal need loans.............................................
23,375,729
32,420,513
61,805,106
Auto loans ...........................................................
25,896
19,749
25,381
Overdrafts and other loans ..................................
1,937,368
3,278,495
5,394,470
Total retail loans .......................................  
45,064,076
61,798,486
118,984,327
Mortgages: The Group offers a variety of mortgage products covering mortgage loans of up to 180 months, with 
outstanding mortgages having an average outstanding principal amount of TL 3.3 billion and an average mortgage loan size of 
TL 3,438.1 as of 31 December 2022. The Group has pioneered a number of mortgage products in the Turkish market, including 
low instalment mortgages, no commission mortgages and investment mortgages, and the Bank was also the first bank in Türkiye 
to initiate partnerships with real estate developers for mortgage sales during the construction phase. Each of the Group’s 
mortgage loans is secured with collateral that is required to have a value in excess of the relevant loan at all times. As of 
31 December 2022, the Group had outstanding mortgage loans of TL 3.3 billion, which comprised 2.8% of the Group’s retail 
loan portfolio as of such date. 
The Group’s loan-to-value ratio for its total mortgage book was approximately 36.6% as of 31 December 2022. Each 
of the Bank’s mortgage loans is secured with collateral, which is always required to have a value in excess of the loan. The 
Bank had a 1.0% market share of the retail mortgage loan market in Türkiye as of 31 December 2022, ranking sixth among 
private banks in the Turkish banking sector according to statistics published by the BRSA. Having gained significant market 
share in mortgages between by 2010, the Group began to decelerate its growth in mortgages, even before its overall shift away 
from the retail segment, due to limited opportunities to grow profitability further in the mortgage market. 
Credit Card Loans: The Bank issues credit cards under the CardFinans brand. The Bank earns interest income on 
outstanding credit balances, transaction commissions from merchants, cash withdrawal fees, annual membership fees from 
cardholders and other service-based fees such as insurance fees and payment fees. As of 31 December 2022, the number of 
retail credit cards issued by the Group exceeded 8.6 million and represented 9.6% of the total Turkish retail credit card market, 
according to statistics published by the Turkish Interbank Card Center (Bankalararası Kart Merkezi) (“BKM”). The Group’s 
performing retail credit card loan portfolio was TL 48.4 billion and represented 40.7% of the Group’s retail loan portfolio as 
of 31 December 2022. For additional information on the Bank’s credit card business, see “- Credit Cards” below. 
The Bank had a 10.7% market share of the credit card market (by the total loan amount) in Türkiye as of 31 December 
2022, according to statistics published by the BRSA, ranking fourth among private banks in the Turkish banking sector. 
Following adverse regulatory changes that impacted the profitability of the Group’s credit card business, the Group’s 
management decided to maintain its overall presence in the Turkish credit card market. 
Personal Need Loans: Personal need loans are used for a wide spectrum of needs ranging from instant cash needs, 
home refurbishments, financing vacations and education fees. The Bank offers personal need loans through its retail branches

--- Page 85 ---
66 
and telesales channel. Customers can also apply for personal need loans using the Bank’s SMS-based pre-assessment service 
that has been specifically developed for this product. 
The Bank’s market share in personal need loans, overdraft and other loans (by the total loan amount) in Türkiye was 
9.9% as of 31 December 2022, ranking fifth among private banks in the Turkish banking sector (i.e., excluding state-owned 
banks) according to statistics published by the BRSA. The Bank’s management views personal need loans as an important part 
of the Bank’s retail, affluent and private banking strategy and intends to develop new products and distribution channels to 
increase market share in personal need loans. The Group has also put in place new risk measures designed to improve the cost 
of risk associated with the Group’s personal need loans business. 
Auto Loans: The Bank offers term loans to its retail, affluent and private banking customers to finance the acquisition 
of automobiles, with the Group providing car loans of up to 70.0% of the automobile’s value for new vehicle purchases. As of 
31 December 2022, the Group had outstanding auto loans of TL 25.4 million, representing 0.02% of the Group’s retail loan 
portfolio. The Bank’s market share in Türkiye for auto loans (by the total loan amount) as of 31 December 2022 was 0.1% 
according to statistics published by the BRSA. 
Overdrafts and other Loans: The Bank provides overdraft loans as an additional feature provided to debit card holders 
permitting them to access cash instantly and easily. The Bank believes that strong marketing support and central analytics 
contributed to its 5.9% market share in overdraft products as of 30 September 2022 (the latest date for which such figures are 
available as of the date of this Base Prospectus), according to statistics published by the Banks Association of Türkiye. In 
October 2013, the Bank launched a product named “Ready Credit,” an overdraft product with an instalment feature that 
contributed to an increase in the Bank’s market share. Total outstanding overdraft and other loans as of 31 December 2022 
were TL 5.4 billion, representing 4.5% of the Group’s retail loan portfolio. 
Since the beginning of 2012, the Group has undertaken new measures to improve the overall risk profile of its retail, 
affluent and private banking business. These measures include: (a) gradually increasing consumer loan and credit card score 
cut-offs to reduce probability of default rates, (b) actively managing lending limits to reduce exposure at default of credit card 
customers, (c) more aggressively using risk-based pricing and targeted advertising for high-quality customers and (d) 
proactively targeting certain low-risk potential customer groups. Following these new measures, the percentage of NPLs 
recorded within six months after origination with respect to retail loans originated in each of 2020, 2021 and 2022 was 0.0%, 
0.0% and 0.0%, respectively. 
The Group has also undertaken certain key activities to help maintain its overall retail, affluent and private banking 
market share, particularly in relation to general purpose consumer loans. These activities include: (a) providing general purpose 
consumer loans with pre-approved limits for customers with a strong existing credit history with the Group, (b) extending 
instalment loans through the Group’s customer call centre, its ATM network and the internet, (c) extending consumer loans 
through retail distribution partnerships with other Turkish companies and (d) utilising risk-based pricing criteria more 
aggressively to increase loans to higher quality customers. 
Retail Deposits and Investment Products 
The Bank offers demand deposits, time deposits and investment products to its retail customers, and provides 
brokerage services and deals in treasury bills and equities on behalf of its retail customers. The Bank also offers its retail 
customers the opportunity to invest in mutual funds managed by QNB Finans Asset Management. Additionally, the Group, 
through its joint venture Finans Pension, offers life insurance and retirement income services to groups and individuals as well 
as bancassurance products. 
Retail Deposits: The following table sets forth the Group’s retail deposits per category as of the indicated dates. 
As of 31 December 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Demand deposits....................................................................
19,696,719
42,851,837
59,719,191
Time deposits.........................................................................
57,246,191
83,017,431
180,726,217
Total retail (individual) deposits..................................  
76,942,910
125,869,267
240,445,408

--- Page 86 ---
67 
Since 2012, the Group has been particularly focused on increasing its demand deposit base from its private and affluent 
retail, affluent and private banking division customers. In 2022, with the Central Bank’s revised monetary policy and Liraisation 
strategy that is aimed to increase currency-protected deposit accounts, demand deposits represented 14.2% of the assets under 
management for private and affluent retail compared to 25.7% as of 31 December 2021. 
The Group has also further centralised the management of its retail customer deposit pricing decisions with the aim 
of lowering the average interest rate paid on retail deposits. Although pricing decisions for retail deposits historically have been 
centralised, previously relationship managers or branch managers had some discretion to set rates for certain of the Bank’s 
retail deposits. Such discretion has been reduced through the development and use of a pricing algorithm, which has resulted 
in more centralised management of pricing for retail deposits. 
As a result of announcements by the Central Bank and the Turkish Treasury near the end of 2021, the Bank launched 
new deposit products that provide customers holding Turkish Lira and foreign currency accounts the ability to earn returns 
without losing value in foreign currency terms based upon the exchange rates at the opening and maturity dates of such 
accounts. 
Investment products: Mutual funds have been a growing focus area for the Bank’s retail, affluent and private banking 
business in a low interest rate environment due to higher returns compared to deposits, and, more importantly, the fact that 
customers search for alternative investment products in a low-interest environment. The Group also offers its retail customers 
pension plans. In addition, the Group offers its retail customers a wide range of insurance products such as life insurance, 
payment protection, health insurance, auto insurance, home insurance and travel insurance. The Bank’s management expects 
bancassurance to continue to be one of the key contributors to increasing profitability in upcoming years. 
Since 2013, the Group has also concentrated its efforts on creating new gold-based investment products for retail 
customers and sales of Turkish Lira bond issuances to retail customers. With products such as its “gold accumulation account,” 
“gold-indexed deposit account” and “gold collection day,” each providing specific methods to save and invest in gold or gold-
indexed products, the Group had approximately 84,368 gold accumulation accounts that form part of the Group’s deposit base, 
with approximately 81,840 gold accumulation account customers and approximately 662,751 gold account customers as of 
31 December 2022. 
Credit Cards 
The Bank offers a diverse range of credit cards under the umbrella brand name of “CardFinans.” The Bank seeks to 
appeal to different customer segments with its CardFinans, CardFinans Xtra (upper mass market segment), CardFinans Emekli 
(senior citizen segment), QNB First Card (premium segment), THY Miles&Smiles QNB Finansbank (airline affinity card), 
CardFinans GO (digital card) and CardFinans KOBI (commercial segment) brands as well as co-branded and affinity cards. 
CardFinans offers features such as instalments, discounts and MoneyPoints. CardFinans KOBİ (SME Business Card) addresses 
the particular needs of SMEs by offering cash advance, instalment credit facility and post-instalment features. CardFinans 
KOBİ was launched in February 2010 with postdating transaction, transaction instalment, postdating statement and authorised 
card user group features to strengthen the position of CardFinans in SME business services. The Bank launched the THY 
Miles&Smiles QNB Finansbank credit cards in 2019 in collaboration with Miles&Smiles, which is the frequent flyer 
programme of Türkiye’s flag carrier airline company Turkish Airlines. This card offers features such as the ability to earn miles 
at an elevated rate for flights on Turkish Airlines and partner airlines as well as earning miles for other purchases, enabling 
cardholders to earn miles towards flight rewards, upgrades and other benefits. In March 2022, the Bank launched CardFinans 
GO, one of the first digital credit cards in the Turkish market, designed exclusively to serve the needs of e-commerce, which 
card has enabled the Bank to capture an increasing share of payments over digital channels. 
The Group’s performing retail credit card loan portfolio was TL 48.4 billion, and represented 13.1% of the Group’s 
performing loans and receivables and 40.7% of the Group’s performing retail loan portfolio, as of 31 December 2022 (TL 15.9 
billion, 11.3% and 35.2%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020 and TL 22.6 billion, 11.1% and 36.5%, respectively, as of 
31 December 2021). The Group’s net fee and commissions from credit card operations amounted to TL 3,699.3 million for 
2022, or 7.9% of the Group’s total operating gross profit for that period (TL 1,197.2 million and 11.5% for 2020 and TL 2,003.0 
million and 14.5% for 2021). In addition, interest earned from credit card balances totalled TL 4,462.4 million for 2022, or 
10.3%, of the Group’s total net interest income for the same period (TL 1,609.8 million and 15.7% for 2020 and TL 2,864.3 
million and 22.3% for 2021).

--- Page 87 ---
68 
Regulations introduced by the BRSA in the fourth quarter of 2013 require the companies that provide credit card 
products and services to, among other things, increase the monthly minimum payments required to be paid by cardholders, 
include credit card receivables in the calculation of the non-performing consumer loans to total consumer loans ratio, offer at 
least one type of credit card with no annual subscription fee and limit credit card instalment payments for certain types of 
purchases. In 2015, the BRSA published the Capital Adequacy Regulation, which entered into force on 31 March 2016 and 
lowered the risk weighting for credit card instalment payments from a range of 100% to 250% (depending upon their 
outstanding tenor) to 75% (irrespective of their tenor); however, on 1 July 2021, the BRSA increased the risk weighting for 
credit card instalment payments to 100% (irrespective of their tenor). 
The following table sets forth the market shares of CardFinans in terms of balances outstanding and total sales for the 
indicated years. 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Outstanding balance................................................................
10.1%
9.8%
9.8%
Total sales ...............................................................................
8.5%
8.5%
8.8%
 _______________________  
Source: The Banks Association of Türkiye. 
As of 31 December 2022, the total number of credit cards issued by the Group was 9.4 million (representing 9.5% of 
the total Turkish credit card market according to statistics published by BKM) and the number of member merchants was 
156,218. As of the same date, within the Turkish credit card market, the Group was the fifth largest Visa card issuer in terms 
of the number of cards issued according to statistics published by BKM. 
SME Banking Department 
The Bank’s SME banking activities consist primarily of revolving credit lines, instalment loans, overdrafts, business 
housing loans and demand deposits. As one of the first banks in Türkiye to focus on this segment, the Bank started its SME 
banking operations at the beginning of 2003 to support Turkish small businesses. The goal of the SME Banking Department is 
to achieve sustainable and profitable growth by determining customer needs and providing quick and tailor-made solutions. 
SME Banking is divided into two sub-segments: (a) Small Business Banking, which serves customers with annual turnover of 
less than TL 12.0 million, and (b) Medium-sized Enterprises Banking, which serves customers with annual turnover from 
TL 25.0 million to TL 250.0 million. 
According to data published by Small and Medium Enterprises Development of Türkiye (Küçük ve Orta Ölçekli 
İşletmeleri Geliştirme ve Destekleme İdaresi Başkanlığı – KOSGEB), SMEs accounted for 99% of all companies in Türkiye, 
74% of the workforce and 65% of Türkiye’s business turnover and contributed to 56% of Türkiye’s exports in 2021. The Group 
expects SMEs to be the main driver of future growth in the banking sector, particularly given measures by Turkish regulatory 
authorities to promote lending to SMEs, including under the KGF programme. The volume of SME loans in the Turkish banking 
sector has grown at a CAGR of 19% from 31 December 2006 to 31 December 2021, and SME loans penetration (measured by 
total SME loans as a percentage of GDP) has grown from 7.6% as of 31 December 2006 to 9.2% as of 31 December 2021, all 
according to the BRSA and Turkstat. The Bank’s management believes that the banking sector’s support to SMEs is essential 
both for developing SMEs and supporting their contribution to the national economy, as well as sustaining the growth of the 
banking sector, which faces challenges vis-à-vis competition and legal regulations. Therefore, the Bank’s management intends 
for the Group to continue its focus on SMEs with high growth potential and has offered SMEs training and consulting regarding 
foreign trade. 
Since 2005, SME banking has been the Group’s second largest segment by the total loan amount. The Group was one 
of the first banks in Türkiye to create an executive vice president position for SME banking and since 2008 has been developing 
its own SME credit scorecard. As of 31 December 2022, the Group served over 378,000 active customers through its 1,058 
Relationship Managers and Branch Managers in 379 branches. Furthermore, in recent years, the Group has also significantly 
increased its ability to offer products and services to its SME customers. In 2022, the Group reviewed a daily average of 897 
SME loan files. The Group has also created innovative service offerings for its SME customers, such as SME Cloud (described 
in “SME Banking Department—Products and Services”) and internet-based banking services. 
The Group’s total SME loans have grown at a CAGR of 20.5% from 31 December 2015 to 31 December 2022. On a 
BRSA Bank-only basis, the Group’s share of SME loans as a percentage of business loans has decreased from 57.1% as of

--- Page 88 ---
69 
31 December 2015 to 39.3% as of 31 December 2022, compared to a decrease in the overall banking sector in Türkiye from 
38.3% to 31.5% as of such dates according to the BRSA, both reflecting in part the impact of the depreciation of the Turkish 
Lira (which resulted from foreign currency loans, which primarily are made to large corporate and commercial businesses, 
increasing in Turkish Lira equivalent). The Bank experienced high SME loan growth, growing the volume of its SME loans 
from approximately TL 20 billion as of 31 December 2015 to TL 88 billion as of 31 December 2022 with a market share of 
5.2% as of 30 November 2022 according to the bank-only financials published in the Public Disclosure Platform 
(www.kap.gov.tr). Accordingly, the Group’s SME loan book has grown significantly without experiencing a disproportionate 
decrease in the overall asset quality of its SME customers while the SME banking coverage ratio, which is the percentage of 
SME NPLs that can be covered with the Group’s SME provisions, decreased from 74.7% as of 31 December 2015 to 82.8% as 
of 31 December 2022. The Group’s gross NPLs have increased since 31 December 2015, from TL 806 million to TL 3.1 billion 
as of 31 December 2022, and its NPL ratio has increased from 4.4% to 4.6% during the same period. The increases in the 
Group’s gross NPLs and NPL ratio during such period primarily resulted from the slowdown in certain sectors in Türkiye (such 
as tourism, construction and energy) due to the political and economic environment, which deterioration might continue to 
negatively impact the NPL ratio of the banking sector in general and the Bank in particular. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s SME banking operations had loans and receivables of TL 64.1 billion, which 
represented 18.2% of the Group’s total loans and receivables. As of such date: (a) the Group’s loans and receivables from 
customers of small enterprises (with annual turnover of less than TL 12.0 million) was TL 31.0 billion, (b) total time deposits 
and demand deposits from the Small Enterprises sub-segment were TL 6.6 billion and TL 10.6 billion, respectively, (c) the 
Group’s loans and receivables from the medium enterprises sub-segment was TL 33.0 billion and (d) the total amount of time 
deposits and demand deposits from the medium enterprises sub-segment was TL 10.1 billion and TL 10.7 billion, respectively. 
Products and Services 
The Group has embraced a concept of solution-oriented services tailored to the Group’s SME customers, with its wide 
product array ranging from foreign trade services to loans, deposits and cash flow products. It serves its customers depending 
upon their loan repayment ability through a rich range of products, from short-term loans with instalments that can foster the 
enterprises’ need for working capital to long-term loans in large values necessary for large-scale investments. 
The Group’s overall strategy for the SME market is to focus primarily on two groups of customers: high quality service 
customers and “market-norm” service customers. High quality service customers provide a high current value and a high 
potential value to the Group, while market-norm service customers provide either: (a) a low current value and high potential 
value or (b) a high current value and a low potential value to the Group. Under these categories, the current value of a customer 
represents the overall current profitability of such customer to the Group and the potential value represents the total amount of 
loans and POS turnover and credit card limits associated with such customer with all banks in Türkiye. 
Typically, high quality service customers are served by the Group’s more experienced SME relationship managers, 
each of whom manages a limited number of customer accounts. In these customer relationships, there is a significant emphasis 
on fostering customer loyalty by ensuring that the relationship manager is offering assistance and services to the customer on 
a frequent basis. 
Market-norm customers are also served by the Group’s SME relationship managers, but the marketing focus of the 
relationship manager varies based upon the current and potential value of the customer. For customers with a high current value 
but a low potential value, the relationship manager focuses on providing services in an efficient manner so as to maintain the 
Group’s currently strong relationship with such customer. For customers with a low current value but a high potential value, 
the focus is on providing high quality service and competitive pricing so as to increase the ability of the Group to obtain more 
of the customer’s business that is currently with other banks in Türkiye. 
During 2022, the Bank continued to invest in out-of-branch channels to enhance clients’ ability to complete banking 
transactions in a swift and efficient manner without visiting a physical branch. In particular, such access for SMEs was enhanced 
through the introduction of the “SME Easy Line,” which serves only SMEs and offers responsive and professional support by 
“remote relationship managers,” thereby allowing SMEs to carry on transactions on the phone. The Group believes that SME 
Cloud provides a cost efficient way for the Group to provide and cross-sell a wide range of products and services to smaller 
SME customers. As of 31 December 2022, SME Cloud was serving approximately 120,000 customers per month. The Group 
was also the first bank in Türkiye to provide SME loans over the telephone, which is done through SME Cloud. Over time, the 
Bank’s management plans to increase the efficiencies of SME Cloud in order to provide products and services to customers

--- Page 89 ---
70 
with either a high current value or high potential value to the Group. The expansion of SME Cloud might include having 
dedicated SME Cloud relationship managers in the Group’s branches to build long-term relationships with such customers. 
The Bank continues to enhance its internet and mobile branches, specifically designed with SMEs in mind, such as through 
improvements in an end-to-end digitised credit underwriting and drawdown system. 
In addition to the SME Cloud, other innovative products and services for SMEs include: 
(a) the “SME Money-in-the-Pocket” service, which enables small business owners to apply for a loan of up 
to TL 50,000 by sending a text message from a mobile phone and to learn the outcome of the application process on 
the same day, 
(b) the “KOBİ Plus” service, which offers an extension of maturity on the amount of the customer’s loans, 
while the monthly payments remain unchanged, 
(c) the “Dynamic Loan” service, which allows customers to set their own limits with collateralised checks, 
cash or POS receivables in less than an hour, 
(d) the “SME Cash Account” service, which allows customers to withdraw cash from all of the Bank’s 
branches and the Bank’s or Single Point ATMs. and enables payment of bills, checks, taxes, social security, loan and 
credit card balances, even in the absence of sufficient funds in the customer’s account; such service includes a 
maximum limit of TL 5,000 for withdrawals from Single Point ATMs, 
(e) the “Salary Loan” service, which makes salary payments of SMEs even if they do not have sufficient 
funds in their accounts; the maximum amounts of salary payments are determined by the Group’s allocations 
department and generally does not exceed the amount of the customer’s salary, 
(f) the “POS Opportunity Package,” which offers desktop and mobile POS solutions backed with supporting 
banking operations, cash flow and commercial services and, with this package, member SMEs enjoy certain fee 
exemptions and attractive commission rates, 
(g) the “Limit Machine” service, which enables automatic assessment of credit limits of small business 
owners; with automatic limit assignments, it is now possible to create a limit for (or update the current limit of) a 
customer through digital channels without the customer needing to visit a branch, 
(h) the “Step by Step Export Program,” which was put into place in 2022 to support the financing of exports, 
with experts assisting customers without charge to address any inquiries about international trade, particularly exports; 
the Bank’s clients are also eligible to obtain services from qualified partners within this program, with favourable 
price support in a variety of fields including logistics, customs, marketplace, warehousing and training, and 
(i) the “Digital Bridge” service, which is the first “banking-as-a-platform” offering in Türkiye and was 
established in 2019 to transform SMEs’ way of business and prepare them for the digital era through the use of 
e-commerce, e-transformation, management and financial solutions (by the end of 2022, Digital Bridge had been 
chosen by approximately 100,000 firms in their digitalisation process). 
The Bank’s management believes that the Bank was one of the first banks in the Turkish banking market to introduce 
risk- and value-based pricing in the SME market. The key principles of risk- and value-based pricing include: (a) using 
analytical applications and behavioural scoring models to assess a customer’s probability of default on a loan, (b) differentiating 
the pricing of a loan based upon collateralisation, with lower prices for collateral with higher expected rates of recovery, and 
(c) differentiating the pricing of SME products and services based upon the current profitability of the customer and that 
customer’s level of business with the Group.

--- Page 90 ---
71 
Corporate and Commercial Banking 
Overview 
Products and services provided by the Bank’s Corporate and Commercial Banking Department include trade finance, 
corporate and commercial lending, project finance, corporate syndication and secondary market transactions, deposit taking 
and the issuance of certificated debt instruments. The primary sources of income of the Bank’s Corporate and Commercial 
Banking Department consist of interest income attributable to corporate and commercial loans, as well as commission income 
from letters of credit and guarantees. The Group’s corporate and commercial banking segment had loans and receivables of 
TL 169.8 billion as of 31 December 2022, which represented 48.2% of the Group’s total loans and receivables. The corporate 
and commercial segment also provided the Group with TL 24.2 billion in demand deposits as of 31 December 2022, compared 
to TL 8.8 billion and TL 20.2 billion, respectively, as of 31 December 2020 and 2021. 
Since 2016, the corporate and commercial loans market in Türkiye has grown at a CAGR of 25%, increasing from 
TL 863.2 billion in 2016 to TL 3.7 trillion in 2022, with total loan-to-GDP penetration increasing from 66.9% as of 
31 December 2016 to 50.6% as of 30 September 2022, all according to the BRSA and Turkstat. The Bank’s management 
believes that favourable government policies with respect to export-oriented businesses and infrastructure projects offer strong 
growth potential for the corporate and commercial banking sector, and that corporate and commercial banking has a relatively 
low NPL risk when compared to other segments. 
The Group’s corporate and commercial segment primarily targets medium-sized companies and served over 1,465 
active customers through a network of 26 relationship managers in seven branches as of 31 December 2022. As of the same 
date, credit limits were extended to approximately 11,400 customers and credit exposure was extended to approximately 5,350 
customers. The corporate and commercial banking segment also generates business from larger businesses through low-yield 
loans and large infrastructure projects, as well as from certain investment loan and project finance transactions based upon 
profitability; however, the Group’s primary focus is the middle market, consisting of companies above TL 75.0 million in 
annual turnover and a strong degree of corporate governance. 
The Group’s corporate and commercial banking segment is divided into corporate banking and commercial banking 
sub-segments as described below. 
Corporate Banking 
The Bank serves its corporate customers, which include large business groups and multinational companies in Türkiye, 
via three branches located in İstanbul and Ankara and sub-branches in Bursa, İzmir, Antalya and Adana. 
Since its establishment, the Corporate Banking Department has created a strong customer base by developing 
customer-specific solutions. Corporate banking works in collaboration with the Bank’s other business units to provide high 
quality services not only for corporate clients, but also for their partners, employees, dealers and suppliers, aiming to deliver a 
high level of customer satisfaction throughout the value chain. 
Corporate banking attempts to acquire new customers for different business segments and thereby create synergistic 
benefits within the Bank. Increasing the profitability of the Corporate Banking Department remains a primary goal of the Bank 
in the competitive Turkish market. In order to increase profitability, the Bank’s Corporate Banking department intends to 
increase non-risk income, penetrate further into the existing customer base and create additional profit for other business 
segments. 
As of 31 December 2022, the corporate banking department had a total credit and non-credit active customer base of 
465 companies, of which 363 had credit limits. 
Commercial Banking 
Commercial banking serves customers that have an annual turnover between TL 250.0 million and TL 1,500.0 million. 
The number of active customers in this segment exceeded 9,300 as of 31 December 2022. The goal of commercial banking is 
to achieve sustainable and profitable growth by understanding customer needs and providing tailor-made solutions.

--- Page 91 ---
72 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s commercial banking department served its customers through four regional 
offices, 21 branches and 155 portfolio managers. The branches are full service branches in which retail and commercial 
customers are served together. 
In August 2013, the commercial banking organisation was restructured in order to provide a holistic approach to its 
customers and to improve relationship banking, thereby increasing opportunities for cross-selling and expanding the existing 
trade network. To support this strategy, business lines were structured to operate under corporate and commercial banking 
relationships. The Commercial Banking Department focuses on increasing the number of active customers, sustainable growth 
by balancing wallet share/loan share and demand deposit volume. The Group provides cash management solutions and trade 
finance products insurance services and coordinates subsidiary transactions to expand its business with customers and increase 
its risk-free income. 
Corporate and Commercial Banking Products and Services 
Loans and Receivables and Non-cash Loans. The Bank offers loan facilities predominantly in Turkish Lira, U.S. 
dollars and euro. Turkish Lira loans are generally short-term in nature, usually with maturities ranging from overnight to 365 
days, and are principally for working capital financing; however, the Bank also extends medium-term loans with maturities 
between 365 and 730 days mainly to finance working capital requirements. The Bank has also introduced “Commercial Credits 
in the Form of Instalments,” which are in essence Turkish Lira- or foreign currency-indexed instalment loans. Moreover, the 
Bank provides foreign currency principally for financing exports from Türkiye. The Bank also extends longer term facilities to 
corporate customers in Türkiye for industrial and manufacturing investment purposes in different sectors and project financing. 
In relation to both its domestic and foreign operations, the Bank provides non-cash facilities to companies in various industries 
through letters of guarantee, bid bonds and foreign trade non-cash products. By using conventional banking products as well 
as cash management products and by applying competitive pricing, the Bank aims to increase its market share in cash and non-
cash loans. 
The Group’s cash loans to corporate and commercial customers have grown at a CAGR of 38.3% from TL 169.8 
billion as of 31 December 2015 to TL 110.4 billion as of 31 December 2022. The Group’s non-cash loans to corporate and 
commercial customers have grown at a CAGR of 31.8% from TL 8.5 billion as of 31 December 2015 to TL 59.0 billion as of 
31 December 2022. As a major foreign currency-generating industry, the construction and contracting sector has been a focus 
of the Corporate and Commercial Banking Department since the Group’s establishment. As of 31 December 2022, loans to the 
construction and contracting industry represented 5.8% of the Group’s performing corporate and commercial loan portfolio, 
loans to the financial industry represented 5.4%, loans to the textile and fabrics industry represented 6.4% and loans to the 
food, alcohol and tobacco industry represented 4.3%. 
Project and Structured Finance 
The Group’s project and structured finance business has taken an active role mainly as lead arranger in financing many 
important projects, including privatisations, public-private partnerships, acquisitions and infrastructure projects, which have 
contributed to the growth of the Turkish economy. The project and structured finance division prepares loan proposals and 
project evaluation reports, including cash flow projections, and manages the Credit Committee approval process. Once loans 
are approved, the project and structured finance division manages legal documentation and disbursement phases as well as the 
bank-to-bank relationships. Throughout the maturity of all loans under its responsibility, the project and structured finance 
division performs the initial evaluation of all waiver and amendment requests, before passing them along to the Credit 
Committee should any formal approval be required. 
As of 31 December 2022, there was TL 36.6 billion of risk outstanding to 55 primary and secondary cash and non-
cash project finance syndications. The Group focuses on medium-sized project finance transactions, using the “economic value 
added” concept to measure the profitability of each deal, and participates in larger-sized landmark projects only if such projects 
generate a positive economic value added return. 
The Group’s project and structured finance clients are concentrated in the infrastructure, energy and commercial real 
estate sectors.

--- Page 92 ---
73 
Cash Management and Trade Finance 
In addition to providing credit facilities, the Group provides cash management services to its corporate, commercial 
and retail customers. Cash management is an important part of the Group’s overall business and a key element of its strategy 
to increase demand deposits and service-related revenues. Cash management services include direct debiting for payment of 
invoices, supplier finance systems, utility bills, social security, tax payments, cash-in-transit services and providing foreign 
exchange transfers and remittance services as well as cash management solutions tailored for individual customers. The Group’s 
trade financing activities consist of pre-export financing, import financing, issuing, confirming and discounting export and 
import letters of credit and letters of guarantee, and availing and discounting export and import drafts and promissory notes. 
The overall mission of the Cash Management and Trade Finance group is to: (a) provide cost efficient and innovative 
cash flow and payment solutions that can be customised according to client size and (b) create partnerships with large 
corporations utilising the Group’s wide branch network and technological capability. The Cash Management and Trade Finance 
division also has a cooperation agreement with Citibank to focus on the sophisticated cash flow management needs of large 
corporate customers in Türkiye. 
In line with this strategy, as of 31 December 2022, the Group provided direct debit services to 21,678 companies and, 
since 31 December 2013, expanded the number of customers with the Bank’s checks by 157,000 (resulting in a market share 
of 4.8%) and the number of customers with other banks’ checks by 16,500 (resulting in a market share of 6.4%) (source: 
Interbank Check Clearing House). As of 31 December 2022, the Bank provided automatic payment by standing order services 
to more than 200,000 companies and more than 1.8 million individual customers. In addition, the Bank is one of the banks in 
Türkiye authorised to collect social security contributions on behalf of the government from domestic corporate entities and 
businesses. 
The Group’s trade finance activities are funded through correspondent bank facilities matched in terms of currency 
and maturity and through general term loan facilities. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank had an international correspondent 
banking network of 395 banks and a trade finance volume of approximately US$42.9 billion (resulting in a market share of 
6.8%). The Bank also participates in various export credit programmes provided by overseas export credit agencies. 
The trade finance sales team consisted of 21 people, 15 located in different regions and six located in the Group’s 
headquarters, as of 31 December 2022. The Group’s trade finance business is also active in utilising the Turkish Eximbank 
cash and non-cash loans, as well as the Central Bank’s rediscount programme, all of which are to finance exporters. 
E-Invoice 
“E-Invoice” is a payment and collection system, established by “QNB eFinans” (i.e., QNB eFinans Elektronik Ticaret 
ve Bilişim Hizmetleri A.Ş.) to provide e-invoicing services in line with the requirements of Turkish regulations. “QNB 
eFinans,” a subsidiary of the Bank, provides online solutions for banking facilities by electronic invoice filing, an electronic 
ledger application and an electronic trade portal. Electronic invoice filing allows for much faster processing time when 
compared to traditional invoicing methods, measured from the time of the initial invoicing to registration of the invoice, and 
also serves as data for credit ratings and analysis. The Group was the first banking group to have a subsidiary (i.e., QNB 
eFinans) in Türkiye offering a dedicated electronic invoice service and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank remains 
the only Turkish bank having a subsidiary providing electronic invoice, ledger, archive invoice and registered e-mail (REM) 
services via a software programme owned and fully controlled by a banking group. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Bank held all of the shares of QNB eFinans. 
The total transactions processed by QNB eFinans exceeded 74 million E-Invoice transactions, 243 million E-Archive 
Invoice transactions, 65 million E-Waybill transactions and 1.5 terabyte e-Ledger transactions (i.e., an electronic general ledger 
in which accounting entries are recorded) as of 31 December 2022. The total customers of QNB eFinans grew from 331 as of 
31 December 2013 to approximately 64K as of 31 December 2022 and the total product number sold to these customers reached 
over 655,000 as of 31 December 2022 (with QNB eFinans’ objective for 2023 being to have processed at least 90 million 
E-Invoice transactions, 350 million E-Archive transactions, 105 million E-Waybill transactions and two terabyte E-Ledger 
transactions during the year).

--- Page 93 ---
74 
The Group offers E-Invoice-guaranteed cash loans, under which corporate customers are permitted to borrow funds 
by assigning their long-term E-Invoices issued through the QNB eFinans system as a guaranty. When a corporate customer 
applies for an E-Invoice-guaranteed cash loan, the Bank commences a standard credit assessment process, through which a 
limit is allocated based upon such customer’s creditability. The maximum maturity of the loan must not be greater than the 
maximum maturity of the E-Invoices assigned under the guaranty. Payments from customers under e-finance-guaranteed cash 
loans are made through the Bank’s internal banking system, thus simplifying the process for making loan payments. 
Bancassurance. In 2011, the Bank established the SME Middle Size Enterprise Insurance Management unit under the 
Commercial Marketing Group. The unit serves the insurance needs of Corporate, Commercial and SME Banking customers. 
As of 1 April 2023, this unit works with 11 insurance companies operating in Türkiye, using the branch network of the Bank 
to provide tailor-made solutions for the needs of customers. Furthermore, the SME Middle Size Enterprise Insurance 
Management unit seeks to mediate the Bank’s risk management by better controlling debt exposure by insuring loan collaterals. 
Treasury Department 
The Bank’s management believes that the Treasury Department is one of the largest treasury operations in Türkiye, 
which employed 56 professionals as of 31 December 2021. The primary mission of the Treasury Department is to manage the 
Bank’s liquidity, foreign exchange and interest rate risks. The Treasury Department concentrates in key markets, namely money 
and currency markets, fixed income and derivative markets in Türkiye and other countries. Liquidity, exchange rate and interest 
rate risks are managed according to the decisions taken by the Bank’s Assets and Liabilities Committee (the “ALCO”). Services 
provided by the Treasury Department include supplying prices in all instruments to local branches of the Bank or selected 
customers of the Group, providing consulting services to international customers investing in domestic markets and providing 
risk management services to selected customers in Türkiye. 
The Treasury Department consists of three groups: the International Banking and Sales Group, the Foreign Exchange 
and Fixed Income Markets Group and the Balance Sheet Management Group, each of which is described below. 
International Banking and Sales Group: The International Banking and Sales Group is comprised of the Bank’s 
Correspondent Banking Group, Structured Funding Group and Sales Group, each as described below. 
The Correspondent Banking Group primarily focuses on international trade through a variety of products and services, 
including acting as an intermediary for international payments of the Bank’s clients, and coordinates the Bank’s relationship 
with foreign banks. This role includes raising wholesale funding for the Bank, such as trade loans, post financing, bilateral 
loans, murabaha and syndicated loan facilities, including two syndicated loan facilities obtained in May and November 2022 
amounting to US$360 and US$448 million-equivalent, respectively. 
The Bank’s Structured Funding Division continued its focus on diversifying the Bank’s funding portfolio with new 
funding instruments and enhancing the correspondence with the Bank’s investors and creditors. For example, a third loan 
agreement was signed in 2022 with the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (the “EBRD”) under its Women 
in Business Programme, which loan was for US$50 million and with a maturity of two years and is being on-lent to SMEs that 
are owned or managed by women. Also in 2022, the Bank issued various private placements under the Programme, raised 
funding from alternative funding instruments and expanded its bank/financial institution counterparty network. Portions of the 
Bank’s funding are also targeted for financing SMEs, agri-businesses and energy efficiency projects. 
Foreign Exchange and Fixed Income Markets Group: This group consists of three trading desks: Foreign Exchange, 
Derivatives and Fixed Income. The Foreign Exchange Desk manages the Group’s foreign exchange exposure and engages in 
proprietary foreign exchange trading. The traders closely monitor domestic and international markets in order to benefit from 
currency movements and act as a market maker in Turkish Lira pairs to both customers and other banks. The Derivatives Desk 
has the mandate of trading Foreign Exchange and Equity Index derivatives. This desk manages the Group’s volatility book and 
provides pricing of foreign exchange options, forwards and Equity Index derivatives to customers and other banks. The Fixed 
Income Desk is responsible for execution of all fixed income and interest rate derivatives transactions. Since the Bank is one 
of the primary dealers in the Turkish local currency government bond market, the Fixed Income desk is quite active in the local 
bond market. All trading desks have predetermined risk exposure limits, which are closely monitored by the Risk Management 
department.

--- Page 94 ---
75 
Balance Sheet Management Group: The Balance Sheet Management Group, which includes the Liquidity 
Management Group, is responsible for balance sheet risk management, liquidity and funds transfer pricing. The Asset and 
Liability Management Department is responsible for executing the hedging strategy set by the ALCO and assessing potential 
exposures to risks in the balance sheet of the Bank, especially credits and deposits, in terms of maturity and costs and evaluating 
developments in terms of risk and hedging. The Balance Sheet Management Group uses interest rate swaps, cross currency 
swaps, swaptions and other interest rate risk management instruments to hedge various types of exposures. The Balance Sheet 
Management Group is also responsible for determining medium-term note pricing and deposit and loan transfer pricing in main 
currencies for all tenors in order to ensure fair profit sharing among business lines and realistic pricing in products. The 
Liquidity Management Group manages the short- and medium-term liquidity of the Bank and determines interest rates for 
deposits up to one year. Responsibilities of the Liquidity Management Group also include managing the reserve requirement 
of the Bank, preparing liquidity projection reports up to one year and monitoring regulatory liquidity ratios. 
Branches 
As of 31 December 2022, the Bank maintained a branch network of 436 branches (including one branch in Bahrain), 
consisting of 402 full-service branches, 17 retail-only branches, three corporate-only branches and 14 commercial-only 
branches located in 53 commercial centres in Türkiye, mainly in İstanbul, İzmir, Ankara and Antalya. The Bank has dedicated 
certain branches, which are located primarily in upper-middle-income residential areas, to retail customers. 
The continuous expansion of the Bank’s branch network until 2013, in particular the number of retail branches, 
allowed the Group to organically grow its customer base. The Bank’s management believes that such expansion strategy 
resulted in a branch network that is both productive and efficient. The following table sets forth information relating to the 
Bank’s branch network and customer numbers for the periods indicated. 
As of 31 December 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Total number of branches......................................................
475
444
436
Full service branches.............................................................
444
413
402
Number of active retail customers.........................................
5,427,370
6,653,418
7,850,279
From 31 December 2014 to 31 December 2022, the number of the Group’s branches was reduced by 222 as a result 
of routine and ongoing analyses to optimise branch locations. The Group seeks to optimise its branch locations to reflect trends 
in the market, including the increasing migration to digital channels. 
Enpara.com 
In October 2012, the Group launched Enpara.com, which the Bank’s management believes has become one of the 
most successful online-only banking platforms in Türkiye. Within the Group, “Enpara.com” is managed as a separate banking 
unit with its own brand and business model. Enpara.com’s customers are offered attractive interest rates on deposit products 
and offered zero-commissions for many types of banking transactions, such as bill payments, money transfers and foreign 
exchange. 
Since its establishment, “Enpara.com” has grown its registered customer base from 18,000 in October 2012 to over 
3.0 million customers as of 31 December 2021, approximately 82% of whom were not pre-existing customers of the Group. 
Enpara.com’s deposit base has also expanded significantly, growing at a CAGR of 34.3% from TL 4.9 billion as of 
31 December 2015 to TL 34.9 billion as of 31 December 2021. Enpara.com’s deposit base equalled the Turkish Lira deposits 
held by approximately 87 branches of the Group, based upon the average of the total deposits held by the Bank’s retail branches 
(comprising 27.7% of the Group’s retail deposit base), as of 31 December 2021. Most of Enpara.com’s deposit growth is in 
“low ticket size” deposits between TL 50,000 and TL 500,000, which historically was much less cost-effective to acquire 
through a traditional branch network. In August 2014, Enpara.com launched Türkiye’s first online-only offering of consumer 
loans, which allows customers to obtain loans from the Bank without the need of visiting a branch or physically executing any 
documentation. As of 31 December 2021, approximately 46.6% of the Group’s new consumer loan production volume was 
generated from Enpara.com, which equalled the new consumer loan production volume of approximately 430 branches, based 
upon the average consumer loans granted by the Bank’s branches.

--- Page 95 ---
76 
Enpara.com launched its credit card product in December 2017. By the end of 2021, the number of credit card 
customers reached 1,093,603, with 62.0% of the customers being active. 
Enpara.com’s customers are predominantly young professionals, which is a customer profile that has been difficult to 
attract through the traditional branch network in Türkiye. As of 31 December 2021, approximately 90% of Enpara.com’s 
customers were under the age of 45 and approximately 77% were self-employed or work in the private sector or perform civil 
service. Enpara.com’s customers are targeted through television and digital social media advertising campaigns and they are 
able to apply for an account online by using a simple form application in which minimal information is required. Applicants 
receive a visit within one or two business days from a specialist relationship manager, who completes the know-your-customer 
procedures and is authorised to provide instant approval. Enpara.com accounts are fully managed online or via mobile devices. 
After serving retail customers for four years, Enpara.com launched “Enpara.com Şirketim” in October 2016 to serve 
small businesses with a similar model. “Enpara.com Şirketim” attracted 3,000 customers in its first three months. As of 
31 December 2022, “Enpara.com Şirketim” had 147,304 customers, an 117.2% increase from 31 December 2020. 
On 25 November 2022, the Bank announced that, considering the rapid development of technology and the enactment 
of related laws, it is assessing the feasibility of offering the current Enpara banking services through a separate legal entity. As 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, such assessment is continuing, including the analysis of the most suitable manner and form 
in which to effect such a separation (e.g., by way of spin-off, transfer or other forms of corporate restructuring), including the 
potential continuing interest of the QNB Group and the Bank’s minority shareholders. 
Alternative Delivery Channels 
In line with its strategy of offering customers a high level of service, the Bank uses a variety of alternative delivery 
channels to reach customers, including ATMs, POS terminals, internet banking and the 24-hour call centre. In addition to 
providing its customers with easy and quick access to banking services, the use of alternative delivery channels contributes to 
significant cost savings as a result of reduced overhead. 
The table below illustrates the Group’s position in terms of ATM network and internet banking as well as customers 
as of and for the periods indicated: 
 
As of and for the year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
ATMs 
Number of ATMs .............................................................. 
2,897
2,930
3,113
Number of ATM transactions per period...........................
151,445,467
137,062,462
154,748,251
Market share (no. of ATM machines) ...............................
5.5%
5.6%
6.0%
Internet & Mobile Banking 
Number of customers (total users).....................................
3,372,310
3,971,558
4,748,639
Number of transactions per month .................................... 
21,760,694 
29,598,883 
41,367,346 
In 2021, the Group continued to focus on direct banking to improve customer satisfaction and reduce the operating 
costs and workload at its branches. The Group established the Marketing and Customer Acquisition Management Unit within 
the Direct Banking Department during 2014. This unit is responsible for promoting (and directing customers to) ATM, internet 
banking, mobile banking and credit card internet branch channels. 
The Group uses social media to advertise and sell banking products through these channels. In addition to the Bank’s 
web page on Facebook, the CardFinans, Fix Card, SME Arena and Finansbank Career web pages went live during 2013. The 
Group has also made active use of mobile marketing channels, especially for collecting loan applications.  
In 2021, the average number of monthly monetary transactions made through internet and mobile banking channels 
reached 11.9 million with an increase of 59.2% compared to the average number of monthly transactions in 2020. Total average 
monthly volume increased by 22.9% during 2021 and reached TL 6.9 billion. The average monthly transaction volume made 
through the Group’s ATM network increased by 20.3% during 2021, reaching TL 13.0 billion, while the size of the Group’s 
ATM network increased from 2,897 as of 31 December 2020 to 2,930 as of 31 December 2021.

--- Page 96 ---
77 
The Group’s call centres, whose over 1,000 telesales and inbound customer representatives address customer requests 
for banking and investment transactions, credit cards and other banking products, provides service on a continuous basis 24 
hours a day, seven days a week. In 2021, the call centre responded to approximately 29 million calls, and 60% of all incoming 
calls were managed in the interactive voice response (IVR) system. Nearly 13 million interactions were completed in 2021 
through the call centres. During 2021, the call centre and telesales completed approximately 45,000 confirmed CardFinans, 
approximately 64,000 CardFinans Cash and approximately 99,000 automatic payment orders. 
Subsidiaries and other Affiliated Companies 
The following table gives details as of 31 December 2022 for each company in which the Bank had a material equity 
interest. 
Entity 
Business 
Commenced 
operations 
Percentage 
held 
Subsidiaries 
QNB Finans Leasing ...................................
Leasing
1990
99.40%
QNB Finans Factoring.................................
Factoring
2009
100.00%
QNB Finans Invest ......................................
Brokerage
1997
100.00%
QNB Finans Asset Management .................
Asset management
2000
100.00%
QNB Finans Asset Leasing..........................
Asset Leasing
2018
100.00%
Ibtech...........................................................
Information technology
2005
99.91%
QNB eFinans ...............................................
E-Invoicing
2013
100.00%
Joint Ventures 
Bantas ..........................................................
Cash delivery
2009
33.33%
Cigna Health, Life and Pension(1)................
Pension
2007
49.00%
__________________________________________________________ 
(1) 
Cigna Health, Life and Pension became a fully owned subsidiary of the Bank in January 2023 as described below. 
In the analysis that follows of the Bank’s subsidiaries’ business, all amounts are before elimination of intercompany 
transactions and balances with the rest of the Group. 
QNB Finans Leasing 
QNB Finans Leasing was established in 1990 and is listed on Borsa İstanbul. QNB Finans Leasing’s strategy has been 
to offer financing models in line with the customers’ needs. As of 31 December 2022, QNB Finans Leasing had a market share 
of 12% in terms of lease receivable size, according to data provided by the Association of Financial Institutions (Finansal 
Kurumlar Birliği), and it generated new business volume of US$429 million in 2022. QNB Finans Leasing has a lease portfolio 
that is diversified across several industries, with its finance lease receivables distributed as of 31 December 2022 as follows: 
textile 21%, manufacturing 13%, energy and power 10%, services 8%, building and construction 7%, chemicals 7%, 
transportation and storage 5%, wood and wood products 5%, retail and wholesale trade 4%, agriculture, hunting and forestry 
3%, automotive 3%, food 3%, mining and quarrying 2% and health and social activities 2%. As of 31 December 2022, the total 
assets of QNB Finans Leasing were TL 16.8 billion, and its net profit for 2022 was TL 401.5 million. 
The Group holds 99.4% of the shares of QNB Finans Leasing as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
QNB Finans Factoring 
QNB Finans Factoring, which started its operations in October 2009, has its headquarters in İstanbul and representative 
offices in Avrasya Ticari, Anadolu Ticari, Halkalı, Gebze, Bursa, Ankara, İvedik, Eskişehir, Konya, Samsun, İzmir, Antalya, 
Denizli, Antakya, Gaziantep, Kayseri and Adana. As of 31 December 2022, the total assets of QNB Finans Factoring amounted 
to TL 9.7 billion and its paid-in capital amounted to TL 65 million. The company’s net profit was TL 315 million for 2022, 
during which year its total factoring receivables amounted to TL 9.5 billion. In terms of total assets, QNB Finans Factoring had 
a market share of 7.2% as of 31 December 2022 according to the BRSA. In 2022, the number of the company’s customers was 
approximately 6,000. The distribution of factoring receivables for the most significant industry groups as of 31 December 2022 
was as follows: wholesale trade and brokering 19%, motor vehicles 16% and financial institutions 12%.

--- Page 97 ---
78 
QNB Finans Asset Leasing 
QNB Finans Asset Leasing Company, established on 4 October 2018 as a subsidiary of QNB Finans Invest, is an asset 
leasing company established for the sole purpose of issuing domestic and foreign lease certificates. As of 31 December 2022, 
according to audited financial statements, the total assets of the company were TL 331 million and its paid in capital was TL 0.2 
million. 
QNB Finans Invest 
QNB Finans Invest was established in December 1996 and began operations in January 1997. As an intermediary 
institution, QNB Finans Invest provides a wide range of financial services to both individual and institutional investors, 
including investment counselling and brokerage services, portfolio management, intermediation of derivatives, leveraged 
transactions (such as foreign exchange, contracts for difference (CFDs)), short-selling and credit sale of capital markets 
instruments, fund investment services and corporate finance and international investment services. Under the Capital Markets 
Law, the activities of intermediary institutions are subject to licences issued by the CMB for a specific activity under the name 
of the intermediary institution. QNB Finans Invest is duly licensed for all capital markets activities. QNB Finans Invest ranked 
ninth by volume of stocks traded on the Borsa İstanbul with a 3.31% market share, according to a breakdown of stock market 
transactions by Borsa İstanbul members, in 2022. As of 31 December 2022, the total assets of QNB Finans Invest were 
TL 3,436 million and its net profit for 2022 was TL 464.8 million. 
QNB Finans Asset Management 
QNB Finans Asset Management, established in September 2000, managed four exchange-traded funds, 14 mutual 
funds, 23 pension funds, one venture capital fund, 12 hedge funds and 20 private hedge funds, in each case, as of 31 December 
2022. QNB Finans Asset Management also manages discretionary portfolios for high net worth individuals and selected 
institutional customers. As of such date, the total assets of QNB Finans Asset Management amounted to TL 215.3 million and 
its consolidated net profit for 2022 was TL 63.8 million. 
QNB Finans Asset Management’s market share in mutual funds was 3.12% as of 31 December 2022 according to 
CMB statistics and its assets under management were TL 27.5 billion. 
Cigna Health, Life and Pension 
Cigna Health, Life and Pension was established in 2007. The operations of Cigna Health, Life and Pension include 
providing life insurance services, establishing pension mutual funds and conducting private pensions. Cigna Health, Life and 
Pension started operating in the life and personal accident insurance market in 2007 and in the private pension market in 2008, 
in each case after obtaining the requisite licences and approvals. 
On 9 November 2012, the Bank disposed of 51.0% of Finans Pension to Cigna for TL 202.9 million and also 
established a so-called earn-out structure of preference dividends paid to the Bank. Following the sale transaction, Finans 
Pension has been accounted for in the Group’s financial statements using the equity method. The Bank and Finans Pension 
also signed an exclusive agency agreement for the duration of 15 years that covers life insurance and pension products. Finans 
Pension’s title was changed to Cigna Finans Emeklilik ve Hayat A.Ş. in 2013 and then to Cigna Sağlık Hayat ve Emeklilik A.Ş. 
in 2020. The company’s brand name was also changed from Cigna Finans to Cigna. 
In 2022, the Bank agreed with Cigna Nederland Gamma B.V., the holder of the previously disposed of 51.0% of the 
shares of Finans Pension, for the Bank to repurchase all of such shares for TL 981 million. The sale was finalised on 13 January 
2023. As the total assets of the company are less than 1% of the Bank’s total assets, the financial impact of the repurchase is 
immaterial, including on the Group’s financial statements and results of operation. 
As of 31 December 2022, Cigna Health, Life and Pension had established 23 pension mutual funds and its net assets 
reached TL 456.5 million.

--- Page 98 ---
79 
Ibtech 
Ibtech was established in 2005 and is located in İstanbul. Ibtech’s focus is to provide designs and enhancements for 
software such as Core Banking (Core Finans), credit cards and internet banking and to develop applications for the use of the 
Bank. As of 31 December 2022, the total assets of Ibtech amounted to TL 151.8 million, and its net profit for 2022 was TL 7.4 
million. 
Bantas 
Bantas was established in 2009. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Bantas was 33.33% owned by the Bank, with 
Denizbank and Türkiye Ekonomi Bankası A.Ş. each holding 33.33%, and is located in İstanbul. Bantas securely carries assets 
between branches and cash centres and gives ATM cash support. As of 31 December 2022, the total assets of Bantas amounted 
to TL 303.7 million. 
QNB eFinans 
QNB eFinans was established in 2013 to provide e-invoicing services. On 25 April 2018, the Bank acquired 2,940,000 
shares (representing 49% of the paid-in capital) of eFinans from Sibertek Danışmanlık Eğitim ve Yatırım A.Ş. for 
TL 20,000,000 resulting in QNB eFinans becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank. QNB eFinans has two subsidiaries 
as of the date of this Base prospectus: (a) QnbPay, established in 2020 to provide secure payment solutions and solutions that 
efficiently accelerate financial decision-making processes, and (b) Lidy, established in 2022 to provide a mobile application-
based aggregator platform through which users can get personalised time-deposit account offers for their money in other banks. 
The consolidated total assets of QNB eFinans amounted to TL 186.6 million as of 31 December 2022 and its net profit for 2022 
was TL 26.4 million. 
Intellectual Property 
The Group’s operations are not, to any significant extent (other than for the purposes of brand recognition and value), 
dependent upon any specific intellectual property right. The Group seeks to protect the trademarks and trade names that it 
deems necessary for its operations, and the Bank’s management believes that these rights are sufficiently protected. 
Insurance 
The Bank has a world-wide bankers blanket bond insurance policy for the Bank’s operations in Türkiye and Bahrain. 
This insurance policy covers cash assets, assets (including cash) in transit, ATMs. and safe deposit boxes, as well as corrupt 
practices on the part of the Bank employees or use or abuse of the Bank’s resources for their own benefit. Third-party fraud, 
particularly relating to internet banking, electronic funds transfer, securities trading and custody, is also covered. The Bank’s 
automated systems are insured against damage caused by cyber attacks. New branch offices are insured automatically from 
their date of establishment. The Bank’s management believes that the amount of insurance coverage that is presently maintained 
represents the appropriate level of coverage required to insure the business of the Group. For information on deposit insurance 
protection for the Bank’s depositors, see “Turkish Regulatory Environment – The Savings Deposit Insurance Fund (SDIF).” 
Competition 
The Group competes with other banks, financial services firms and a wide range of insurance companies in providing 
banking, mutual fund, capital markets and advisory services and financial and insurance products. As of 31 December 2022, 
52 banks (including domestic and foreign banks but excluding the Central Bank) were operating in Türkiye, 35 of these were 
deposit-taking banks (including the Bank) and the remaining banks were development and investment banks (six participation 
banks, which conduct their business under different legislation in accordance with Islamic banking principles, are not included 
in this analysis). The Group is not a significant operator in Bahrain, the only international market in which it has a presence or 
a branch. For more information regarding the Bank’s competitors, see “The Turkish Banking Sector.” See also “Risk Factors 
– Risks Relating to the Group and its Business – Operational Risks – Competition in the Turkish Banking Sector.”

--- Page 99 ---
80 
Legal Proceedings 
The Bank and its subsidiaries are defendants in certain claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of 
business. Other than the Competition Board investigation described below, the Group is not involved in any litigation, 
arbitration or other administrative proceedings that, if decided against the Bank or any of its subsidiaries, would individually 
or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations or financial condition. There are no 
material proceedings pending in which any director of the Bank, any member of its senior management or any of the Bank’s 
affiliates is either a party adverse to the Bank or any of its subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to the Bank or any of 
its subsidiaries. As of 31 December 2022, the Group had made provisions for litigation of TL 280.9 million. 
Competition Board Investigation 
The Competition Board initiated an investigation against 12 banks operating in Türkiye, including the Bank, in 
November 2011 to determine whether they had violated Law No. 4054 on the Protection of Competition (the “Competition 
Law”) related to interest rates and fees in the deposit, credit and credit card services markets. The Competition Board announced 
its final decision with respect to such investigation on 8 March 2013, ruling that all of the defendants had violated Article 4 of 
the Competition Law and applying fines on each of them based upon their respective 2011 annual gross income. The fine levied 
against the Bank amounted to 1% of the Bank’s annual turnover for 2011, equal to approximately TL 54.0 million. The Bank 
benefited from a 25% pre-payment discount by paying 75% of the fine (i.e., TL 40.5 million) within one month after the receipt 
of the reasoned decision of the Competition Board. The Bank has commenced action for annulment of the Competition Board’s 
decision at the Ankara Administrative Court. The action for annulment of the decision was dismissed by the Ankara 
Administrative Court. Following receipt of the court’s decision, the Bank appealed the court’s decision at the Council of State 
on 7 July 2015 and such appeal was rejected. The Bank requested revision of the decision at the Council of State on 15 February 
2017, which was also rejected. The Bank has applied to the Constitutional Court to consider the issue. As of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the decision has been finalised against the Bank and thus the decision might be enforced against the Bank; 
however, the matter is pending before the Constitutional Court as an extraordinary legal remedy. 
Customers have brought claims (including in a class action) against the Bank under Articles 57 and 58 of the 
Competition Law seeking treble damages. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there have been approximately 755 legal 
proceedings initiated against the Bank in this respect based upon decisions of the Competition Board, 325 of which have been 
resolved in favour of the Bank, two of which have been resolved against the Bank and two of which resulted in mixed rulings. 
In general, the courts hold their decision regarding such cases until the final decision of the Council of State is announced. 
Information Technology 
The Group makes use of recent and innovative technologies, which enables it to provide customers with high service 
quality and product diversity. The Bank’s management believes that innovation and utilisation of technology support the 
Group’s long-term strategic direction, help accelerate innovation and expand the Group’s customer base and satisfaction. The 
Bank intends to continue to invest in information technology in order to keep and strengthen its competitive position in the 
sector and increase stockholder value. The Group also operates modern primary and disaster recovery centres, which serve its 
banking operations and are continuously improved in terms of capacity and cost efficiency. 
The Group’s total information technology capital expenditure was US$31.0 million in 2020, US$28.0 million in 2021 
and US$34.1 million in 2022, which represented 40.4%, 39.5% and 34.0%, respectively, of the Group’s total capital expenditure 
for the applicable year. 
The Group’s information technology system is centrally managed and controlled by its Enterprise Monitoring and 
Management Systems (described below). The system is then divided into central operations, which are monitored on an ongoing 
basis, and branch operations, which comprise digitised teller and back office processes. The Group’s information technology 
system is supported by disaster recovery centres, including back-up facilities, which serve its banking operations and are 
continuously improved in terms of capacity and cost efficiency. System availability averages 100.0% without planned 
downtime (which is scheduled seven times a year), reducing to 99.9% when planned work downtime is included. 
In line with the Group’s strategy to increase cost efficiency, the Group’s centralised operations personnel have 
increased by 4.0% in 2022 compared to 2021 notwithstanding the high level of inflation during the year. The Group seeks

--- Page 100 ---
81 
further efficiency in its information technology systems through a focus on appropriate allocation of data resources to critical 
systems. As of 31 December 2022, the Group allocated approximately 60% of its servers to what it considers to be “critical” 
systems and the remainder to operational and productivity systems. The Group also has a stated objective of decreasing 
allocation of data resources in its retail and other operations in order to increase allocation of data resources to its growing 
corporate and commercial banking systems. 
Ibtech 
In May 2005, the Group established Ibtech, an information technology specialist subsidiary. Ibtech is the only bank 
information technology firm accredited to be located in the Technology Innovation Zone situated at Kocaeli, where it operates 
with a special licence under a 45-year lease from the government. Ibtech’s location in the Technology Innovation Zone enables 
it to exchange know-how with government institutions in an efficient manner. As of 31 December 2022, Ibtech had 1,049 full-
time employees, with expertise in the banking industry and information technology. See also “-Subsidiaries and other Affiliated 
Companies.” 
The Group’s IT Programmes 
The Enterprise Monitoring and Management System is the consolidated monitoring infrastructure that integrates the 
Group’s various programmes. The Group uses CoreFinans, a core-banking application that is an all-inclusive in-house-
developed application. CoreFinans has been continuously enhanced with new functionality since it was launched in 2002. With 
its service-oriented architecture, CoreFinans provides flexibility, scalability, ease of use, ease of integration and measurability, 
which are vital ingredients for the Group’s operations. In addition to the core-banking application, the Group’s information 
technology team develops and maintains alternative delivery channel applications, encapsulated with customer data 
management and infrastructure layers. In 2013, CoreFinans was integrated with the Group’s telecommunications infrastructure, 
enabling branches to hold promotion campaigns and perform sales over the phone. 
Over the past few years, the Group has carried out several projects focused on its banking delivery channels and has 
a number of ongoing projects. 
Employees 
The Bank places a high priority on recruiting and retaining the highest quality staff in alignment with its long-term 
business strategies and regards its staff as its most significant resource. For attracting suitable candidates, the Bank’s efforts 
have centred on human resources activities for strengthening the Bank’s brand image. The Bank also aims to provide a high 
level of personal and professional training that is both role-oriented and designed to develop certain skills and competencies 
and promote a coherent, unified corporate culture. The Bank aims to compensate its employees competitively and operates 
diversified performance-driven premium and year-end success bonus models as well as several practices for reinforcement of 
engagement and fulfilment such as appreciation and recognition programmes, internal communication activities and retention 
plans. With the goal of establishing long-term and efficient relationships with employees, the Bank conducts and analyses 
employee engagement and satisfaction inventories and turnover studies. It also provides vertical and horizontal career 
opportunities. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Bank employed 11,426 persons, of whom 45.2% were based in one of the Bank’s 
branches. Among its employees, more than 72.5% were engaged in sales, with 3,127 employees forming the direct sales force, 
as of such date. Additionally, the Bank’s subsidiaries (plus Cigna Health, Life and Pension, which became a fully owned 
subsidiary in January 2023 as described above) employed 2,241 employees as of such date.

--- Page 101 ---
82 
The following table sets forth the number of employees of the Bank by operation as of each of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
By operation 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Head Office ................................................................. 
2,621 
2,674 
2,865 
Branches ...................................................................... 
5,360 
5,168 
5,159 
Alternative sales channels ........................................... 
2,821 
2,809 
3,127 
Regional offices .......................................................... 
309 
293 
275 
Total ...................................................................... 
11,111 
10,944 
11,426 
As of 31 December 2022, more than 86.2% of the Bank’s employees had associate degrees or above. As of the same 
date, the Bank’s employees had an average of 9.2 years of experience in the banking sector, an average seniority at the Bank 
of 8.1 years and an average age of 34.5 years. The Bank’s management believes that the Bank’s relations with its employees 
are positive. 
Property 
The Bank’s principal properties, including its head office, are located primarily in two areas of İstanbul, Levent 
(Kristal Kule) and Ümraniye. The Bank’s other material properties are in three other Turkish cities: Erzurum, İzmir and Bursa. 
The market value of these material properties, based upon external appraisals in December 2022, was TL 5.4 billion. The Bank 
operates most of its branches based upon medium-term leases, with typical lease periods of five to 10 years. Some of the Bank’s 
subsidiaries and other affiliated companies own their own properties while others lease the premises in which they operate. 
On 11 March 2014, the Group purchased a commercial building for TL 931.0 million to be used as the Group’s 
headquarters. On 14 October 2014, the Bank agreed to sell its Gayrettepe headquarters in İstanbul for a contractually agreed 
value that was higher than the then current book value and such sale was approved by the Bank’s Board of Directors on 
23 October 2014. On 30 October 2014, the Bank also began an open tender process for the sale of its Polat building in İstanbul, 
and the result of such tender process was approved by the Bank’s Board of Directors on 13 November 2014. Title of the 
Gayrettepe headquarters building was transferred in March 2015 and the title to the Polat building was transferred shortly 
thereafter. On 29 June 2022, the Bank sold the Ümraniye A Block building to Üsküdar University for TL 55.2 million. 
Anti-Money Laundering, Combatting the Financing of Terrorism and Anti-Bribery 
Türkiye is a member country of the FATF and has enacted laws to combat money laundering, terrorist/proliferation 
financing and other financial crimes. Minimum standards and duties include customer identification, record keeping, suspicious 
activity reporting, risk management and monitoring activities, employee training, audit functions and designation of a 
compliance officer. Suspicious transactions must be reported to the Financial Crimes Investigation Board (Mali Suçları 
Araştırma Kurulu) (the “FCIB”), which is the Turkish financial intelligence unit. In Türkiye, all banks and their employees are 
obliged to implement and fulfil certain requirements regarding the treatment of activities that may be referred to as money-
laundering or terrorist/proliferation financing. 
The main provisions of the applicable law include regulation of: (a) client identification, (b) reporting of suspicious 
activity, (c) training, internal audit and control, risk management systems and other measures, (d) periodical reporting, (e) 
information and document disclosure, (f) retention of records and data, (g) data access systems to public records, (h) protection 
of individuals and legal entities and (i) written declaration of beneficial owners by transacting customers, among other 
provisions. Suspicious transactions must be reported to the FCIB. 
It is the policy of the Bank (including its entire domestic and overseas branch network) and each of the Bank’s 
subsidiaries to act in compliance with all applicable laws and international standards on combatting money laundering and 
terrorism/proliferation financing, including to prohibit money laundering and any activities facilitating the money laundering 
process, the financing of terrorism or criminal activities; provided that the Bank’s overseas branches and subsidiaries must 
comply with the applicable laws of their host country. 
The Bank seeks to prevent the use of the Group’s banking products and services for the purpose of money laundering 
and terrorism/proliferation financing through a programme of compliance with the obligations of anti-money laundering,

--- Page 102 ---
83 
combating the financing of terrorism/proliferation and anti-bribery rules, which programme is to be followed by all employees. 
This programme, which has been implemented throughout the Bank and its financial subsidiaries, includes written policies and 
procedures, assigning a compliance officer to monitor this matter, an audit and review function to test the robustness of anti-
money-laundering and terrorism/proliferation financing policies and procedures, monitoring and auditing customer activities 
and transactions in accordance with anti-money laundering and terrorism/proliferation financing laws and employee training. 
In October 2014, the OECD’s Working Group on Bribery adopted the Phase 3 Report on Implementing the OECD 
Anti-Bribery Convention. In this report, the OECD Working Group expressed concerns about Türkiye’s low level of anti-
bribery enforcement and recommended that Türkiye improve its efforts to proactively detect, investigate and prosecute 
allegations of foreign bribery. The OECD Working Group also expressed concern regarding certain deficiencies in Türkiye’s 
corporate liability legislation and enforcement against legal persons and made several recommendations to address these 
concerns. In addition, on 21 October 2021, the FATF placed Türkiye on the so-called “grey list” of countries in need of elevated 
supervision of its legal framework for combatting terrorism and money laundering. The FATF cited concerns about inadequate 
supervision of Türkiye’s banking and real estate sectors and dealers in gold and precious stones, including having undertaken 
insufficient prosecutorial efforts against violators (including freezing of assets). Consequently, to reflect Türkiye’s progress, 
the FATF re-rated the country on 30 November 2021 on some recommendations and changed the rating of four 
recommendations from partially compliant to largely compliant. On 10 May 2022, the FATF re-rated the country and changed 
the rating of one recommendation from partially compliant to compliant and two recommendations from partially compliant to 
largely compliant. Changes in Turkish laws and practices might arise from these recommendations, which the Bank will 
monitor. 
Compliance with Sanctions Laws 
It is the policy of the Bank (including its entire domestic and overseas branch network) and each of the Bank’s 
subsidiaries to carry out operations in accordance with all applicable law and international standards. The Group’s policy is to 
comply with certain international sanctions programs, including particularly the sanctions imposed by the United Nations 
Security Council, the United States, the EU, the UK and Türkiye. The Group’s policy is to not provide services to countries 
and activities subject to such sanctions, or to intermediate any banking service, in breach of such sanctions. 
OFAC administers laws that restrict the ability of U.S. persons to invest in, or otherwise engage in business with, 
SDNs, and similar laws have been put in place by other U.S. government agencies (including the State Department), the EU, 
the UK, the United Nations and Türkiye. The Bank maintains policies and procedures designed to ensure that it complies with 
all sanctions laws of the United Nations Security Council, the United States, the EU, the UK and Türkiye. 
Before opening an account for, or entering into any transaction with, a customer, the Bank checks whether such 
customer is listed as a Sanction Target. In addition, the names of all customers and all incoming and outgoing transactions are 
continuously and automatically screened by a filtering programme against a list of Sanction Targets. All of the Bank’s daily 
transactions are further reviewed for compliance with applicable sanctions laws. Accordingly, the Bank’s current policies 
restrict the Bank from engaging in any prohibited business investments and transactions with Sanction Targets, including with 
respect to the proceeds of the Notes. 
In connection with the rapid changes in sanctions relating to the conflict in Ukraine, the Bank has analysed its portfolio 
and determined that (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) it has no direct exposure to Sanction Targets in Russia. The Group 
has also taken enhanced measures to monitor these events and ensure continued compliance with Sanctions as they apply to 
Russia. 
Credit Ratings 
Each of the Bank’s credit ratings (and, where relevant, ratings outlook) from Fitch and Moody’s as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus is set out below. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. The date of the Bank’s rating is based upon the 
last applicable report of the applicable rating agency.

--- Page 103 ---
84 
Fitch (26 July 2022) 
Long-term Foreign Currency Issuer Default Rating/Outlook:  
B- / Negative 
Short-term Foreign Currency Issuer Default Rating:  
 
B 
Local Currency Long Term Issuer Default Rating/Outlook: 
 
B / Negative 
Local Currency Short Term Issuer Default Rating: 
 
 
B 
National Long-term Rating/Outlook: 
 
 
 
AA (tur) / Stable 
Shareholder Support Rating: 
 
 
 
 
b- 
Viability Rating:  
 
 
 
 
 
b- 
Long-term Foreign Currency Senior Unsecured Debt Rating:  
B- 
Moody’s (19 August 2022) 
Long-term Foreign Currency Deposit Rating/Outlook: 
 
B3 / Stable 
Short-term Foreign Currency Deposit Rating: 
  
 
Not Prime 
Long-term Local Currency Deposit Rating/Outlook:  
 
B1 / Stable 
Short-term Local Currency Deposit Rating: 
  
 
Not Prime 
BCA (Baseline Credit Assessment): 
  
 
b3 
Adjusted BCA: 
  
 
b1 
Long-term Foreign Currency Senior Unsecured Debt Rating/Outlook: B3 / Stable 
Fitch is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation and, as such, is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the FCA on its website (https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-agencies). As Fitch is 
not registered under the EU CRA Regulation or included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its 
website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation, 
Fitch’s rating of any Tranche is expected to be endorsed (and Fitch’s rating of the Bank is endorsed) by its affiliate Fitch 
Ratings Limited Ireland, which is established in the European Union and included in such list of credit rating agencies published 
by the ESMA. 
Moody’s is established in the UK and is registered under the UK CRA Regulation and, as such, is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the FCA on its website noted in the previous paragraph in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. As Moody’s is not registered under the EU CRA Regulation or included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the ESMA on its website noted in the previous paragraph, Moody’s rating of any Tranche is expected to be 
endorsed (and Moody’s rating of the Bank is endorsed) by its affiliate Moody’s Deutschland GmbH, which is established in 
the EU and included in such list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA.

--- Page 104 ---
85 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
The Bank considers effective risk management to be crucial to its success. The Bank allocates substantial resources 
to upgrading its policies, methods and infrastructure to ensure compliance with best international practices and the guidelines 
of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the “Basel Committee”). 
Risk Management Governance 
Risk management governance at the Bank starts with the Board of Directors. The Board Risk Committee (the “BRC”), 
the ALCO, the Corporate and Retail Credit Policy Committees (the “CCPC”, “CPRC” and the “RCPC”), the Operational Risk 
Management Committee (the “ORMC”) and the Risk Management Department are the most important bodies in the risk 
management structure. The Board of Directors determines the general risk policy and the risk appetite of the Bank. The BRC, 
in its monthly meetings, defines risk policies and strategies, reviews the types of risks the Bank is exposed to, monitors the 
implementation of the risk management strategies and brings important risk issues to the attention of the Board. The ALCO, 
meeting monthly, is responsible for monitoring and managing the structural asset-liability mismatches of the Bank, as well as 
monitoring and controlling liquidity risk and foreign currency exchange risk. The CCPC and RCPC meet on an as-required 
basis and are responsible for monitoring and evaluating the Bank’s applicable lending portfolio and determining principles and 
policies regarding the credit risk management processes, such as loan approval, limit setting, rating, monitoring and problem 
management. The ORMC meets every three months and is responsible for reviewing operational risk issues of the Bank and 
defining the necessary actions to be taken to minimise these risks. The Risk Management Department, working independently 
from the Bank’s executive functions and reporting to the Board of Directors, is organised under four groups (market risk, credit 
risk, operational risk and model validation), each having responsibility for identifying, measuring, monitoring, controlling and 
managing the relevant risks as well as for model validation and assessing the predictive ability of risk estimates and the use of 
ratings in credit processes. 
The Group aims to adopt best practices regarding risk management governance, taking into account all relevant 
guidelines and regulatory requirements, as set by the Basel Committee, the BRSA and the CMB, as well as any decisions of 
the competent authorities supervising the Group’s entities. 
The Internal Audit Division (the “IAD”), which reports directly to the Board of Directors through the Audit 
Committee, complements the risk management framework and acts as an independent reviewer, focusing on the effectiveness 
of the risk management framework and control environment. 
The Group’s risk management structure is designed to achieve existence of clear lines of responsibility, the efficient 
segregation of duties and the prevention of conflicts of interest at all levels. 
Board Risk Committee 
The Group’s risk management policies are approved by the BRC, the members of which are the Chairman of the 
Bank’s Board of Directors and three other members of the Bank’s Board of Directors who are adequately qualified and 
experienced in the field of risk management. According to its internal regulation, the BRC is responsible for all strategic risk 
management decisions including, for example, the approval and review of risk strategy, policies and capital adequacy and 
allocation as well as oversight of the ALCO, the CCPC, the RCPC and the ORC. 
For a further description of the BRC, see “Management – Executive Committees of the Bank – Board Risk 
Committee.” 
Risk Management Department 
The Group’s Risk Management Department is responsible for monitoring and managing all potential risks for the 
Bank in a centralised and efficiently coordinated manner. The primary goal of the Risk Management Department is to provide 
the business lines with appropriate capital allocation (economic capital) for risks they are exposed to and incentivise risk-
adjusted return on capital.

--- Page 105 ---
86 
The Risk Management Department seeks to protect the Group against unforeseen losses and to maintain earnings 
stability through the independent identification and assessment of risks. It uses a framework for evaluating risks for risk 
management, seeking to produce transparent, objective and consistent risk management information as the basis for organising 
the Group’s structure. Its role in maximising the Group’s earnings potential involves measuring performance on a risk-adjusted 
basis and allocating capital accordingly. In addition, it is responsible for providing the BRC and the Executive Committee with 
accurate data and analysis required for measuring, monitoring and managing risks and for supporting the implementation of 
risk management decisions. Group risk management policies are approved by the BRC. 
The Risk Management Department undertakes to do the following: 
(a) analyse, measure, monitor, control, mitigate and report to management all significant on- and off-balance 
sheet risks undertaken at the Bank and the Group level, 
(b) adopt risk management policies with regard to significant credit, market, operational and other risks 
undertaken by the Bank and the Group, 
(c) evaluate the internal capital that is required in respect of all aforementioned risks and estimate all relevant 
capital ratios of the Bank and the Group, 
(d) establish a framework for undertaking risk applicable to all levels of management and collective bodies 
of the Bank and the Group, 
(e) establish early warning systems and perform stress tests on a regular basis, and 
(f) guide decision-making processes at the Group level by providing the necessary risk management related 
evaluation. 
Asset and Liability Management 
The ALCO proposes asset and liability management procedures and policies to the Bank’s Board of Directors that are 
compatible with prevailing laws. The ALCO is responsible for executing these policies and managing structural interest rate 
risk within the limits defined by the Board of Directors. The ALCO meets monthly. At these meetings, the ALCO reviews 
critical risk issues and determines the strategies for asset and liability management. 
Internal Audit Division 
The IAD has an independent and advisory role, the objective of which is to conduct assurance and consulting activities 
designed to add value and improve operations. Internal audit contributes to the achievement of corporate objectives by: (a) 
bringing a systematic, disciplined approach to the evaluation of the effectiveness of risk management, internal controls and 
corporate governance, (b) recommending appropriate measures to improve their efficiency and effectiveness and (c) monitoring 
the implementation of corrective actions. 
The internal audit activity is structured so as to be independent of, and free from interference by, any element, unit or 
management level within the Bank. In order to ensure this independence, the Chief Audit Executive reports ultimately to the 
Bank’s Board of Directors, with a functional and administrative reporting line through the Head of Internal Systems and the 
Audit Committee. This reporting line also applies for the approval of the internal audit charter, the risk-based internal audit 
plan, the internal audit budget and resource plan, the internal audit activity’s performance relative to its plan and decisions 
regarding the appointment and removal of the Chief Audit Executive. 
Management of Specific Risks 
The Bank’s risk management processes distinguish among the types of risks set out below. See also Section Four of 
the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022.

--- Page 106 ---
87 
Credit Risk 
Credit risk represents the risk arising from a counterparty not fulfilling its responsibilities stated in an agreement either 
partially or totally. The credit policy committees and departments are responsible for managing the Group’s credit risk by 
controlling the overall lending process through approving the Bank’s lending criteria and credit risk policies and delegating 
authorities depending upon the type of the product. These committees and departments help to establish effective and efficient 
internal policies, procedures and methodologies to define, quantify, measure, control and report credit risks. 
The Group’s Risk Management Department is responsible for building a regular cycle of rating models validation that 
includes monitoring of model performance and stability and, where necessary, model improvement. The table below provides 
an overview of the Group’s credit risk management rating model: 
Phase 
Retail Loans 
Business Loans 
Origination 
Scorecards 
Highly automated and model-driven application 
process 
Incentivising hard collateralisation 
Use of scorecards and credit decision framework as 
a decision support tool 
Customised underwriting processes with different 
authorisation levels based up on customer segment
Monitoring 
Proactively monitored and managed portfolio 
monitored on a daily basis 
Behavioural scorecards generating early warning 
signals
Proactively monitored credit portfolio with early 
warning signals, analytical decision support tools 
and management dashboards 
Early Collection 
In-house and outsourced collection teams of full-
time employees, supported by information 
technology systems and segmentation tools
Centralised and regional collection specialists for 
each customer segment 
Legal Collection 
Central legal enforcement team managing NPL 
collection with the support of external law firms
Centralised legal collection teams and agents 
The Bank actively uses collateral management as an important risk mitigation mechanism, including a legal review 
confirming the enforceability of the collateral arrangements under the applicable law. The market value of collateral generally 
is appraised at least annually or more often whenever there is a reason to believe that a significant decrease in its market value 
has occurred. 
As long as a customer has a credit line, the Bank continuously monitors the credit risk of the customer. Quality, 
timeliness and sufficiency of information flow are under the responsibility of the underwriting department. The financial 
standing and the business risk profile of a customer are continuously monitored and the corporate ratings are updated and the 
customer limits are reviewed at least annually. Early warning systems have been established in order to ensure that customers 
for which a significant deterioration in the credit quality or payment performance has been observed are transferred to the watch 
list and closely monitored. Similarly, restructured and rescheduled loans are carefully monitored in line with the Group’s credit 
risk policy. 
Credit Cards. After general purpose loans, the credit card portfolio is the largest component of the Bank’s retail, 
affluent and private banking loans (TL 15.9 billion as of 31 December 2020, TL 22.6 billion as of 31 December 2021 and 
TL 48.4 billion as of 31 December 2022). Due to the weight of credit card loans in the Bank’s balance sheet, the portfolio is 
subject to close monitoring and analysis on an ongoing basis with what the Bank’s management believes are robust techniques. 
The Group has established a credit card scoring system supported by a number of models, which system is based upon 
a customer’s application and behavioural score cards. Scoring systems and risk analytics are incorporated throughout the credit 
process, from the grant of credit through to collection. The Group’s risk management unit is responsible for building a regular 
cycle of model validation that includes monitoring of model performance and stability and, if necessary, model improvement. 
Credit cards that are in arrears or are considered to be a potential problem for the Bank are actively monitored and 
managed with the intent of avoiding loss, or at least mitigating it to the extent reasonably possible. The Bank has established 
processes whereby delinquent credit cards are managed in a timely fashion so that the collection performance of the credit card 
loans portfolio is successful. The Bank has also implemented early warning systems with the goal of ensuring that customers

--- Page 107 ---
88 
subject to significant credit quality or payment performance deterioration are monitored with special care, and the Group relies 
on a network of in-house and outsourced early collection agents for collection efforts. 
In 2014, the Group put in place stricter underwriting criteria and higher cut-off levels for its retail credit card business. 
The Group’s management believes that this has resulted in the stabilisation of additional credit card NPLs, which amounted to 
TL 1.1 billion as of 31 December 2022 (compared to TL 1.1 billion and TL 0.9 billion as of 31 December 2020 and 2021, 
respectively). 
Mortgage Lending. The mortgage lending portfolio is the third largest component of the Bank’s retail, affluent and 
private banking loans, with a total exposure of TL 3.9 billion, TL 3.5 billion and TL 3.3 billion as of 31 December 2020, 2021 
and 2022, respectively. Accordingly, similar to credit card loans, the mortgage portfolio is also closely monitored and multi-
dimensional risk analyses are performed on an ongoing basis, including a property valuation conducted by an independent 
certified agent. The Group aims to have a loan-to-value ratio of 40.0% in its mortgage business in order to support high recovery 
rates. The Group’s gross NPLs in its mortgage lending business decreased to TL 20.1 million as of 31 December 2021 from 
TL 26.3 million as of 31 December 2020 and then decreased to TL 13.6 million as of 31 December 2022. 
Consumer Loans. In the consumer loans business, the Group employs a dedicated early collection team comprised of 
in-house, outsourced and branch-based employees and agents. 
Business Loans. The Group uses various scorecards in the origination stages of its business loans products, including 
behaviour scorecards, with customised underwriting processes employing different authorisation levels depending upon the 
customer segment. Generally, the Group incentivises hard collateralisation of its business loans, which means the collateral 
must be in the form of cash or real estate. Further, the Group proactively monitors its credit portfolio with respect to its business 
loans, using early warning signals, analytical decision support tools and management dashboards. In terms of collection, the 
Group employs centralised and regional collection specialists for each customer segment for purposes of early collection, as 
well as a centralised team of collection teams and agents for collection efforts. 
Given that inadequate diversification might have a significant impact on the value of the Group’s business loan 
portfolio, the Group has established maximum concentration limits for single names and industries. As a result, the Bank’s top 
20 corporate and commercial customers accounted for 31.4% of the Bank’s total corporate and commercial loans and 
receivables and 15.9% of the Bank’s performing loan book as of 31 December 2022. 
Counterparty Risk 
The Group faces counterparty risk from the over-the-counter transactions and the repurchase agreements in which it 
is involved. Counterparty risk is the risk arising from an obligor’s failure to meet its contractual obligations. For the efficient 
management of counterparty risk, the Bank has established a framework of counterparty limits. The financial institution 
department is responsible for setting and monitoring the limits for the Bank’s financial institution counterparties. 
Counterparty limits for the Bank’s financial institution counterparties are set based upon credit ratings that are 
published by internationally recognised ratings agencies. According to the Bank’s policy, if rating agencies have different 
views on the creditworthiness of a counterparty, then only the lowest rating will be taken into consideration. In cases where a 
counterparty is not rated by internationally recognised ratings agencies, its rating is determined by the Bank’s internal rating 
model. 
The counterparty limits apply to all financial instruments that the Treasury department actively trades in the interbank 
market. The limits framework is revised according to the business needs of the Bank and prevailing conditions in international 
financial markets. A similar limit structure for the management of counterparty risk is enforced across all of the Group’s 
subsidiaries. 
The Group seeks to reduce counterparty risk by standardising relationships with counterparties through the use of 
documentation maintained by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA), the International Capital Markets 
Association (ICMA) and the International Securities Lending Association (ISLA) that include all necessary closeout netting 
clauses and margining agreements. Additionally, for the most active counterparties in over-the-counter derivatives, credit

--- Page 108 ---
89 
support annexes have been put in effect so that on the basis of daily valuations, net current exposures are managed through 
margin accounts where cash collaterals can be reciprocally posted. 
The Group avoids taking positions in derivative contracts where the values of the underlying assets are highly 
correlated with the credit quality of the counterparty. 
The Bank uses the “current exposure method” for the calculation of regulatory capital requirements arising from 
counterparty credit risk. 
Interest Rate Risk 
Interest rate risk is the risk related to the potential losses on the Group’s portfolio due to adverse movements in interest 
rates. A principal source of interest rate risk exposure arises from the Group’s bond portfolios and its interest rate exchange-
traded and over-the-counter transactions, including the interest rate risk that derives from the positions it retains in Turkish 
government bonds. As a means of hedging, the Group enters into interest rate swap transactions in order to hedge the volatility 
of interest rates on its eurobond portfolio, which consists predominantly of Turkish government bonds denominated in foreign 
currency. 
In order to offer loans to its customers, the Group also obtains liquidity in U.S. dollars, which are then converted into 
Turkish Lira through foreign currency swaps and cross-currency interest rate swaps. These cross-currency interest rate swaps 
act as a hedge to the interest rate risk that derives from the Group’s loan portfolio. 
Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book. Interest rate risk in the banking book is the current or prospective risk to 
earnings (net interest income) and capital due to adverse movements in interest rates affecting the banking book positions. 
Exposure to interest rate risk in the banking book arises from repricing mismatches between assets and liabilities. The Group’s 
banking book consists mainly of loans and receivables, leasing and factoring receivables, cash and balances with central banks, 
amounts due from banks, customer deposits, amounts due to banks, marketable securities issued and funds borrowed that are 
measured at amortised cost. The Bank’s management believes that it maintains adequate measurement, monitoring and control 
functions for interest rate risk in the banking book, including: 
(a) measurement systems for interest rate risk that capture material sources of interest rate risk and assess the 
effect of interest rate changes in ways that are consistent with the scope of the Group’s activities, 
(b) measurement of vulnerability to loss under stressful market conditions, 
(c) processes and information systems for measuring, monitoring, controlling and reporting interest rate risk 
exposures in the banking book, and 
(d) a documented policy regarding the management of interest rate risk in the banking book. 
Interest rate risk that would arise from changes in interest rates depending upon the Group’s position is managed by 
the ALCO. Interest rate sensitivity of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items is analysed by top management in the ALCO 
meetings held monthly by taking market developments into consideration. The management of the Group follows the interest 
rates in the market on a daily basis and revises interest rates of the Group when necessary. 
In addition to customer deposits, the Bank funds its long-term fixed interest rate Turkish Lira-denominated instalment 
loan portfolio with long-term (up to 10 years) floating interest rate foreign currency funds obtained from international markets. 
The Bank swaps the foreign currency-denominated liquidity obtained from the international markets to Turkish Lira-
denominated liquidity with foreign currency swap transactions. 
Even though the Bank is exposed to structural interest rate risk on its balance sheet due to the nature of its existing 
activities, the Bank’s policies aim to ensure that this risk stays within pre-defined limits. The ALCO aims to protect the 
economic value of equity, while sustaining a stable earnings profile. Duration/gap analyses, which rely upon calculations of 
net discounted future cash flows of interest rate sensitive balance sheet items, are conducted to manage this risk.

--- Page 109 ---
90 
The Bank runs net economic value sensitivity scenarios with changes in interest rates and interest rate margins in order 
to calculate their impact on net economic value. In addition to the Basel standard interest rate shock scenario, the May 2004, 
June 2006 and 2008 scenarios and the market volatility of August 2018 are also simulated. As of 31 December 2021, the 
expected change in net economic value under the Basel scenario, which is defined by the BRSA, was TL 3.2 billion (8.6% of 
equity), which is well below the 20% limit advised by the Basel Committee (Principles for the Management and Supervision 
of Interest Rate Risk, July 2004). In addition, since 2020 the Bank has applied the latest “Interest Rate Risk in the Banking 
Book” standard published by the Basel Committee in 2016. According to this standard, two parallel and four unparallel interest 
rate shock scenarios are employed and behavioural optionality is included in the analysis. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the limit of such interest rate risk is defined as 15% of the Group’s Tier 1 capital. 
The following table sets forth the Group’s “repricing” gap as of 31 December 2022. The Group reports its “repricing” 
gap only on an annual basis. 
 
Up to 1 
Month 
1-3 Months 
3-12 Months
1-5 Years 
5 Years and 
Over 
Non-Interest-
Bearing 
Total 
Assets
(TL thousands)
Cash (cash in vault, foreign currency cash, 
money in transit, cheques purchased, 
precious metal) and balances with the Central 
Bank...............................................................
36,498,079
-
-
-
-
58,029,097
94,527,176
Due from banks..............................................
2,941,212
-
-
-
-
8,196,473
11,137,685
Financial assets measured at fair value 
through profit/loss ..........................................
302,530
104,379
118,529
191,795
34,143
16,610,867
17,362,243
Money market placements..............................
4,427,376
4,040,604
-
-
-
(5,082)
8,462,898
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income...................................
7,070,186
5,959,770
3,354,114
9,825,209
9,624,704
11,292,224
47,126,207
Loans and receivables.....................................
82,955,431
70,375,199
135,559,924
64,146,706
8,464,963
1,602,714
363,104,937
Other financial assets measured at amortized 
cost.................................................................
28,418,409
647,443
2,276,143
15,932,112
7,588,431
7,080,729
61,943,267
Other assets ....................................................
-
-
-
-
-
17,479,401
17,479,401
Total assets...............................................
162,613,223
81,127,395
141,308,710
90,095,822
25,712,241
120,286,423
621,143,814
Liabilities
Bank deposits .................................................
3,762,400
3,283,443
2,487,067
-
-
692,867
10,225,777
Other deposits.................................................
148,288,212
95,663,898
12,667,551
589,295
504
125,327,885
382,537,345
Money market borrowings..............................
12,075,878
7,644,329
3,209,343
-
-
149,087
23,078,637
Sundry creditors .............................................
15,775,865
-
-
-
-
13,926,779
29,702,644
Securities issued (net).....................................
6,179,495
9,842,834
3,680,636
12,135,273
-
178,671
32,016,909
Funds borrowed..............................................
9,627,502
17,463,759
30,434,536
3,873,655
10,162,444
783,185
72,345,081
Other liabilities...............................................
397
1,161
21,331
726,580
-
70,487,952
71,237,421
Total liabilities.........................................
195,709,749
133,899,424
52,500,464
17,324,803
10,162,948
211,546,426
621,143,814
On balance sheet long position.......................
-
-
88,808,246
72,771,019
15,549,293
-
177,128,558
On-balance sheet short position......................
(33,096,526)
(52,772,029)
-
-
-
(91,260,003)
(177,128,558)
Off-balance sheet long position......................
14,883,737
27,602,409
-
-
-
-
42,486,146
Off-balance sheet short position.....................
-
-
(3,548,564)
(8,375,774)
(16,493,564)
-
(28,417,902)
Total position ...........................................
(18,212,789)
(25,169,620)
85,259,682
64,395,245
(944,271)
(91,260,003)
14,068,244
Equity Risk 
Equity risk is the risk related to potential losses that the Group might incur due to adverse movements in the prices of 
stocks and equity indices. The Group holds a limited portfolio of stocks, the majority of which are traded on the Borsa İstanbul, 
and also retains positions in stock and equity index derivatives traded in Turkish and international exchanges. 
Foreign Exchange Risk 
Foreign exchange risk is the risk related to the potential loss due to adverse movements in foreign exchange rates. The 
Group’s foreign exchange risk derives from its open currency position (“OCP”). 
The Group trades in all major currencies, holding mainly short-term positions for trading purposes and for servicing 
its institutional, corporate, domestic and international clients. According to the Bank’s strategy, the end-of-day OCP is required 
to comply with regulatory limits.

--- Page 110 ---
91 
The Group evaluates its exposure for the effects of fluctuations in the prevailing foreign currency exchange rates on 
its financial position and cash flows. The Group enters into foreign currency forward transactions and swap transactions to 
decrease foreign currency position risk. The Group also engages in foreign option transactions. The position limit of the Group 
related to foreign exchange risk is determined according to the foreign currency net position standard ratio determined by the 
BRSA. 
Turkish banking authorities regulate and monitor the net open position maintained by banks, as discussed in “Turkish 
Regulatory Environment.” The Bank’s net foreign currency position is closely monitored by the Treasury Department with 
respect to a limit set by the BRC. 
The Bank’s consolidated subsidiaries and its associates determine position limit related with foreign exchange risk as 
determined by the applicable regulatory bodies. The Bank’s Bahrain branch conducts its operations in U.S. dollars. 
The following table sets forth the Group’s net foreign currency position after including off-balance sheet positions 
(notional values of derivatives) as of the indicated dates. 
 
Net foreign 
currency position 
(TL millions)
As of 31 December 2020.........................
(2,053.3)
As of 31 December 2021.........................
(2,489.7)
As of 31 December 2022 ......................... 
2,780.3 
Foreign Exchange Risk Concentration. The Group’s exposure to foreign exchange risk as of 31 December 2022, 
before taking into consideration the effect of hedging, is presented in the following table. As described above, the end-of-day 
OCP is required to comply with regulatory limits. Compliance is achieved by entering into appropriate offsetting positions. 
Consequently, the net exposure to each foreign currency is maintained at low levels and within the regulatory limits. The Group 
publicly reports its foreign exchange risk concentration only on an annual basis.

--- Page 111 ---
92 
 
Euro 
U.S. Dollars 
Others 
Total 
Assets 
(TL thousands)
Cash (cash in vault, foreign currency cash, money in 
transit, cheques purchased, precious metal) and balances 
with the Central Bank ........................................................
41,253,863
37,765,771
5,798,300
84,817,934
Due from banks .................................................................
3,735,906
3,637,247
636,411
8,009,564
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit/loss
1,328,691
1,878,677
5,501
3,212,869
Money market placements..................................................
-
427,044
-
427,044
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income ................................................................................
1,186,098
9,395,854
3,375
10,585,327
Loans and receivables.........................................................
69,602,228
45,029,147
403,228
115,034,603
Investment securities at amortised cost ..............................
1,548,238
18,816,096
-
20,364,334
Derivative financial assets hedging purposes.....................
118,759
2,162,310
-
2,281,069
Tangible assets ...................................................................
-
-
94
94
Other assets.........................................................................
478,815
296,364
4,183
779,362
Total assets.................................................................... 
119,252,598 
119,408,510 
6,851,092 
245,512,200 
Liabilities 
Bank deposits .....................................................................
2,887,288
6,396,074
501,036
9,784,398
Foreign currency deposits...................................................
34,180,947
88,273,745
25,540,433
147,995,125
Money market borrowings .................................................
1,661,053
18,784,150
1,288,601
21,733,804
Funds provided from other financial institutions................
23,167,988
42,963,293
17,546
66,148,827
Securities issued .................................................................
1,274,281
16,854,884
5,155,157
23,284,322
Sundry creditors .................................................................
8,991,825
7,093,387
87,608
16,172,820
Derivative financial liabilities hedging purposes................
5,272
1,118,317
-
1,123,589
Other liabilities...................................................................
1,578,617
2,380,154
41,346
4,000,117
Total liabilities.............................................................. 
73,747,271 
183,864,004 
32,631,727 
290,243,002 
Net balance sheet position .................................................. 
45,505,327
(64,455,494)
(25,780,635)
(44,730,802)
Net off-balance sheet position ...................................... 
(45,107,396)
66,570,093 
26,048,445 
47,511,142 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s net foreign currency exposure was a long position of TL 2.8 billion (compared 
to short positions of TL 2.1 billion and TL 2.5 billion as of 31 December 2020 and 2021, respectively) resulting from an on 
balance sheet short position of TL 44.7 billion (compared to TL 39.1 billion and TL 49.7 billion as of 31 December 2020 and 
2021, respectively) and an off balance sheet long position of TL 47.5 billion (compared to a TL 37.0 billion and TL 47.2 billion 
long position as of 31 December 2020 and 2021, respectively). 
Market Risk 
Market risk arises from the uncertainty concerning changes in market prices and rates (including interest rates, equity 
prices and bond prices and foreign exchange rates) and their levels of volatility. The Group’s trading activities include a wide 
variety of financial products in order to enhance its profitability and its service to clientele. These trading activities require the 
Group to assume market risk, which the Group seeks to identify, estimate, monitor and manage effectively through a framework 
of principles, measurement processes and a valid set of limits that apply to all of the Group’s transactions. The capital required 
for general market risk and specific risk is calculated and reported monthly in accordance with the “standard method” as defined 
in the “Regulation on the Measurement and Assessment of Capital Adequacy of Banks” issued by the BRSA and, within the 
time period determined by the BRSA following the calculation, the BRSA is required to be notified thereof. The most 
significant types of market risk for the Group are interest rate risk and foreign exchange risk. 
Value-at-Risk. As of 1 January 2020, the Risk Management Division started to calculate daily value-at-risk (“VaR”) 
for the Bank’s trading book. The Bank has adopted a historical simulation methodology with a 99% confidence interval and a 
one-day holding period. Overall “Bank Risk Tolerance” and VaR limits for each risk factor are determined in order to manage 
the market risk efficiently and to keep the market risk within the desired limits. The Group’s Risk Management Department 
monitors VaR balances daily for compliance with the limits. Periodic stress tests and scenario analyses are used to support the 
results of the VaR analysis.

--- Page 112 ---
93 
The limits have been determined by reference to worldwide best practices; they refer not only to specific types of 
market risk, such as interest rate, foreign exchange and equity risk, but also to the overall market risk of the Bank’s trading and 
available for sale portfolios. 
The tables below set forth the Bank’s VaR as of and for the period ended on the indicated dates: 
 
As of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
Total VaR 
Interest rate
VaR 
Equity VaR 
Foreign 
exchange 
risk 
VaR 
VaR 
(TL thousands)
As of period end........................................
7,039
1,924
-
212
Period Average..........................................
13,903
2,347
-
631
Period Maximum.......................................
22,431
4,628
-
3,967
Period Minimum .......................................
4,092
673
-
93
 
 
As of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 
 
Total VaR 
Interest rate
VaR 
Equity VaR 
Foreign 
exchange 
risk 
VaR 
VaR 
(TL thousands)
As of period end........................................
25,731
4,919
-
14,523
Period Average..........................................
7,291
1,945
-
1,948
Period Maximum.......................................
33,368
12,593
-
21,523
Period Minimum .......................................
2,166
521
-
98
 
As of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 
 
Total VaR 
Interest rate
VaR 
Equity VaR 
Foreign 
exchange 
risk 
VaR 
VaR 
(TL thousands)
As of period end........................................
14,948
11,693
-
1,073
Period Average..........................................
18,389
8,616
-
4,321
Period Maximum.......................................
30,704
17,398
-
16,604
Period Minimum .......................................
7,287
1,790
-
327
As noted above, as of 1 January 2020, the Bank started to calculate VaR for the Bank’s trading book whereas, prior 
to such date, it was calculated for the Bank’s trading book and total portfolio. For comparison purposes, total VaR for only the 
Bank’s trading book decreased to TL 14,948 thousand as of 31 December 2022 from TL 25,731 thousand as of 31 December 
2021, which itself had increased from TL 7,039 thousand as of 31 December 2020. The Bank uses a historical methodology, 
with a 252-day observation period, and its volatility estimation is based upon an exponentially weighted moving average 
(“EWMA”). EWMA captures the dynamic features of volatility, in which the latest observations carry the highest weight in the 
volatility estimation. For example, observations of the most recent 100 days of the 252 days’ observation period cover 95% of 
the volatility estimation. 
The Bank also performs back-testing in order to verify the predictive power of its VaR model. There were six excesses 
in back-testing results in 2020 due to high volatility resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. Back-testing is used to determine 
whether a change in the value of the portfolio, as a result of actual changes in risk factors, corresponds to the VaR predicted by 
the model for the same period of time. Having experienced no excesses in the past year verifies the predictability power of the 
model. In addition, the Bank performs stress test analyses and stress VaR calculation on its trading book on a monthly basis. 
The scenarios refer to extreme movements of interest rates and foreign exchange prices that are based upon the latest financial

--- Page 113 ---
94 
crises that have taken place in Türkiye. The stress period for stress VaR calculation is defined from August 2010 to August 
2018 in order to cover the significant volatility during these years. 
In addition, the Bank performs stress test analyses on its trading and available-for-sale portfolios on a monthly basis. 
The scenarios refer to extreme movements of interest rates and foreign exchange prices that are based upon the latest financial 
crises that have taken place in Türkiye. 
Limitations of the VaR model. The VaR model is based upon certain theoretical assumptions, which under extreme 
market conditions might not capture the maximum loss the Bank will suffer. Some of the limitations of the Group’s 
methodology are summarised as follows: 
(a) The use of historical data series as predictive measures for the behaviour of risk factors in the future might 
prove insufficient in periods of intense volatility in financial markets. 
(b) The one-day holding period for VaR calculations (or 10 days for regulatory purposes) implies that the 
Bank will be able to liquidate all of its trading assets within this length of time. This assumption might underestimate 
market risk in periods of insufficient liquidity in financial markets or in cases where certain assets in the Bank’s 
portfolio cannot be easily liquidated. 
(c) VaR refers to the plausible loss on the Bank’s portfolio for a 99% confidence interval, not taking into 
account any losses beyond that level. 
(d) All calculations are based upon the Bank’s positions at the end of each business day, ignoring the intra-
day exposures and any realised losses that might have been incurred. 
(e) VaR estimates rely upon small changes in the prices of risk factors. For bigger movements, the 
methodology would not fully capture the effect on the value of the portfolio. 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is defined as the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital arising from the institution’s inability 
to meet its liabilities when they come due without incurring unacceptable losses. It reflects the potential mismatch of payment 
obligations to incoming payments, taking into account unexpected delays in repayments (term liquidity risk) or unexpectedly 
high payment outflows (withdrawal/call risk). Liquidity risk involves both the risk of unexpected increases in the interest 
expense the portfolio of assets at appropriate maturities and rates and the risk of being unable to liquidate a position in a timely 
manner on reasonable terms. 
The primary objectives of the Group’s asset and liability management risk policy are to ensure that sufficient liquidity 
is available to meet its commitments to its clients in respect of the repayment of deposits and ATM transactions, to satisfy the 
Bank’s other liquidity needs and to ensure compliance with the capital adequacy and other applicable Central Bank regulations. 
Liquidity risk arises in the general funding of the Bank’s financing and trading activities and in the management of investment 
positions. It includes the risk of increases in funding costs and the risk of being unable to liquidate a position in a timely manner 
at a reasonable price. 
The ALCO is responsible for forming and overseeing the implementation of the asset and liability management 
strategy of the Bank. The objective of the Bank’s asset and liability management strategy is to structure the Bank’s balance 
sheet in view of liquidity risk, maturity risk, interest rate risk and foreign exchange risk, while ensuring that the Bank has 
adequate capital and is using capital to maximise net interest income. The ALCO sets the Bank’s policies for interest rate levels 
and terms for loans and deposits and makes decisions regarding maturities and pricing of loans and deposits. In addition, 
members of the Treasury Department, including the group managers, managers, assistant managers and fixed income and 
foreign exchange traders, meet each business day to monitor the risk exposure of the Bank, particularly the Bank’s net foreign 
currency short position and the daily interest rate gap and duration. 
The Bank’s Treasury Department is responsible for managing and implementing the Bank’s asset and liability 
positions on a day-to-day basis and ensuring the availability of funds for all of the Bank’s products and services distributed

--- Page 114 ---
95 
through the Bank’s branch network. The Treasury department measures and evaluates on a daily basis the Bank’s risk exposure 
and unfavourable changes in market conditions and regularly monitors the short-term mismatches between assets and liabilities. 
The Group’s primary funding source is total deposits (customer deposits and due to other banks), which constituted 
55.4%, 58.8% and 63.2% of total liabilities as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. The Bank’s management 
believes that total deposits provide it with a stable funding base. 
As of 31 December 2022, demand deposits, of which 8.4% were Turkish Lira-denominated, constituted 32.1% of the 
Group’s total deposits. As of the same date, Turkish Lira-denominated deposits represented 51.3% of the total time deposits 
(which represented the remainder of the Group’s total deposits). The following table sets forth the deposit breakdown by 
currencies as of each of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Demand deposits................................................................. 
38.4% 
42.3% 
32.1% 
Turkish Lira-denominated ...............................................
7.6%
6.2%
8.4%
Foreign currency-denominated ........................................
30.8%
36.1%
23.7%
Time deposits...................................................................... 
61.6% 
57.7% 
67.9% 
Turkish Lira-denominated ...............................................
29.5%
28.9%
51.3%
Foreign currency-denominated ........................................
32.1%
28.8%
16.6%
Total deposits(1)...................................................................
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
Turkish Lira-denominated ...............................................
37.1%
35.1%
59.7%
Foreign currency-denominated ........................................
62.9%
64.9%
40.3%
 _________________  
(1) Total deposits include customer deposits and due to other banks. 
The following table sets forth the maturity profile of deposits as of each of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Demand deposits..................................................................  
50,041,960 
95,845,631 
126,020,752 
Turkish Lira-denominated ................................................
9,921,087
14,040,485
32,800,374
Foreign currency-denominated .........................................
40,120,873
81,805,146
93,220,378
Up to 1 month ...................................................................... 
20,209,736 
44,327,286 
65,843,054 
Turkish Lira-denominated ................................................
11,782,651
30,841,410
49,454,607
Foreign currency-denominated .........................................
8,427,085
13,485,876
16,388,447
From (excluding) 1 month to (including) 3 months.......... 
49,925,374 
65,960,601 
71,928,066 
Turkish Lira-denominated ................................................
22,731,621
29,912,265
46,818,829
Foreign currency-denominated .........................................
27,193,753
36,048,336
25,109,237
From (excluding) 3 to (including) 12 months....................  
6,669,184 
14,935,505 
120,579,069 
Turkish Lira-denominated ................................................
2,634,580
3,363,935
100,496,593
Foreign currency-denominated .........................................
4,034,604
11,571,570
20,082,476
From (excluding) 1 year to (including) 5 years.................  
3,428,602 
4,807,556 
8,392,181 
Turkish Lira-denominated ................................................
1,214,194
1,073,606
5,413,197
Foreign currency-denominated .........................................
2,214,408
3,733,950
2,978,984
Total deposits(1).................................................................... 
130,274,856 
225,876,579 
392,763,122 
Turkish Lira-denominated ................................................
48,284,133
79,231,701
234,983,600
Foreign currency-denominated .........................................
81,990,723
146,644,878
157,779,522
 _____________________ 
(1) Total deposits include customer deposits and due to other banks.

--- Page 115 ---
96 
Insurance Risk 
The insurance policies issued by the Group carry a degree of risk. The risk under any insurance policy is the possibility 
of the insured event resulting in a claim. By the very nature of an insurance policy, risk is based upon fortuity and is therefore 
unpredictable. 
The principal risk that the Group may face under its insurance policies is that the actual claims and benefit payments, 
or the timing thereof, differ from expectations. This could occur because the frequency or severity of claims is greater than 
estimated. 
The above risk exposure is mitigated, to some extent, by diversification across a large portfolio of insurance policies. 
The variability of risks is also improved by the careful selection and implementation of the Group’s underwriting policy, 
reinsurance strategy and internal guidelines, within an overall risk management framework. Pricing is based upon assumptions 
and statistics with regard to trends, current market conditions and past experience. 
Reinsurance arrangements include proportional, optional facultative, excess of loss and catastrophic coverage. 
Operational Risk 
Operational risk is defined as the risk of direct or indirect loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, 
people or systems or from external events. 
Operational risk is managed based upon a framework for identifying, measuring, monitoring and managing all risks 
within the scope of the definition of operational risk. All the activities and processes of the Bank are identified and documented 
in its “Activity Process Model.” Activity-based operational risks are identified through “risk control self assessment” (“RCSA”), 
which is an annual base self-assessment process. The operational risks that the Bank faces have been identified, assessed and 
categorised by the RCSA process since 2007. Operational loss data collection, which started in January 2005, enables the Bank 
to be compliant with “Advanced Approaches” of Basel II, which is a report published in 2004 by the Basel Committee entitled 
“International Convergence of Capital Measurement and Capital Standards: a Revised Framework” that set out a new 
international capital adequacy framework (“Basel II”). While loss data are accumulated to provide meaningful statistical data, 
business processes (where improvements are required) are defined based upon the results. The “Structured Scenario Analysis” 
process takes place on an annual basis, involving the engagement of senior business experts in a series of workshops. A key 
risk indicators collection and monitoring process aims to provide metrics that allow the proactive and/or retroactive monitoring 
of risk trends. The Bank’s Operational Risk Committee defines necessary improvement actions. 
A business continuity management plan, prepared in order to minimise losses due to business disruption, has been 
implemented by the Group. Comprehensive annual tests of the Bank’s disaster recovery centre are undertaken with the 
participation of business units and the IT department. 
Model Validation 
The Bank’s Model Validation Unit is responsible for assessing the predictive ability of the Bank’s risk estimates and 
its use of ratings in credit processes. The unit’s main goal is to attain the maximum benefit from the employment of these 
models while staying in compliance with regulatory requirements. Validations of credit cards, retail loans and SME application 
and behavioural scorecards are undertaken periodically. The performances of existing scorecards are also monitored. Moreover, 
the models of the treasury control unit and market risk management are examined and the results reported to management. The 
implementation of the IT and database infrastructure for periodic monitoring of the scorecard performances is ongoing. 
Anti-Money Laundering, Combating the Financing of Terrorism and Anti-Bribery 
Please see “The Group and its Business – Anti-Money Laundering, Combating the Financing of Terrorism and Anti-
Bribery.”

--- Page 116 ---
97 
Capital Adequacy 
The Group is required to comply with capital adequacy guidelines promulgated by the BRSA, which are based upon 
the standards established by the BIS. These guidelines require banks to maintain adequate levels of regulatory capital against 
risk-bearing assets, off-balance sheet exposures, market and other risk positions. The Equity Regulation, which entered into 
force on 1 January 2014, defines the capital of a bank as the sum of: (a) principal capital (i.e., tier 1 capital), which is composed 
of core capital (i.e., CET1 capital) and additional principal capital (i.e., additional tier 1 capital), and (b) supplementary capital 
(i.e., tier 2 capital) minus capital deductions. The Capital Adequacy Regulation, which entered into force on 31 March 2016, 
provides that: (i) both the unconsolidated and consolidated minimum CET1 capital adequacy ratios are 4.5% and (ii) both 
unconsolidated and consolidated minimum tier 1 capital adequacy ratio are 6.0% (which are in addition to the previously 
existing requirement for a minimum total capital adequacy ratio of 8.0%). 
The following table sets forth the Group’s consolidated capital adequacy ratios as of the indicated dates, calculated in 
accordance with the Capital Adequacy Regulation. 
As of 31 December 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Capital: 
(TL thousands)
Tier 1 capital(1)..............................................................
23,537,305
30,084,361
52,684,702
Tier 2 capital(2)..............................................................
4,826,353 
7,779,507 
12,426,055 
Total capital................................................................. 
28,363,658 
37,863,868 
65,110,757 
Deductions(3).................................................................
(47,793) 
(323,063) 
(40,844) 
Net total capital........................................................... 
28,315,865 
37,540,805 
65,069,913 
Risk-weighted assets (including market & 
operational risk) ............................................................ 
179,427,043 
246,313,414 
448,723,522 
Capital Adequacy Ratios: 
Tier 1 ratio ....................................................................
13.12%
12.21%
11.74%
Total capital ratio(4).......................................................
15.78%
15.24%
14.50%
 _____________________ 
(1) 
Includes share capital, reserves, retained earnings and profit for the period. 
(2) 
Includes revaluation reserve plus general provisions, foreign exchange differences, valuation of marketable securities and subordinated debt. 
(3) 
Includes loans to banks, financial institutions (domestic/foreign) or qualified shareholders in the form of secondary subordinated debts and debt 
instruments purchased from such parties qualified as primary or secondary subordinated debts and net book values of properties exceeding 50% of the 
capital and of assets acquired against overdue receivables and held for sale as per the Article 57 of the Banking Law but retained more than five years 
after foreclosure. 
(4) 
Includes net total capital as a percentage of risk-weighted assets including market and operational risk. 
The Bank maintains regulatory capital ratios (in accordance with BRSA calculations) on both a Bank-only and 
consolidated basis in excess of the regulatory minimum. The target total capital adequacy ratio determined by the BRSA is 
12.0%, which (as noted in the table above) was surpassed by the Group as of each 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022. The 
Bank’s tier 1 ratio and total capital ratio were 13.70% and 16.44%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020, 12.79% and 15.91%, 
respectively, as of 31 December 2021 and 12.27% and 15.11%, respectively, as of 31 December 2022. See “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment − Capital Adequacy” for additional information. 
Please see: (a) “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Türkiye - Economic Conditions - Turkish Economy” with respect to 
the negative impact on the capital ratios resulting from the depreciation of the Turkish Lira and positive (but likely temporary) 
impacts of certain regulatory accommodations provided by the BRSA and (b) “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to 
Türkiye - Economic Conditions - Inflation” with respect to the potential distorting impact of high inflation, including the use 
of non-inflation-adjusted figures in the BRSA Financial Statements.

--- Page 117 ---
98 
MANAGEMENT 
Overview 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Turkish Commercial Code (Law No. 6102), and the articles of association of the 
Bank, the Board of Directors is responsible for the management of the Bank. 
The articles of association provide that the Board of Directors shall consist of a minimum of five members, with the 
General Manager of the Bank (and the Deputy General Manager in his or her absence) serving as a delegated member of the 
Board of Directors, and all other members being elected by the shareholders of the Bank. Members of the Board of Directors 
can be elected only for three fiscal year terms and can be re-elected or changed at any time. Meetings of the Board of Directors 
occur at the Bank’s head office or (to the extent a written notice is served to the Bank’s Chairman, Vice-Chairman and the 
members of the Board of Directors) the Board of Directors may also convene at another location in İstanbul or in another city 
in Türkiye or abroad. The required meeting quorum at any Board of Directors meeting is a majority of the members. Resolutions 
must be passed by a majority of the members present at a meeting. In particular, the Bank’s Board of Directors has the power 
to: 
(a) establish branches, agencies and representative offices in Türkiye and abroad, 
(b) approve the Bank’s labour rules, 
(c) appoint executive vice presidents pursuant to the relevant recommendation of the Bank’s Chief Executive 
Officer, 
(d) approve the Group’s annual BRSA consolidated financial statements and the Bank’s annual BRSA Bank-
only financial statements (which are then to be submitted to the approval of the General Assembly of the Bank’s 
shareholders), and 
(e) issue bonds in accordance with the Bank’s Articles of Association. 
The Bank’s senior management includes the Bank’s Executive Vice Presidents and Heads of Divisions as well as the 
Coordinators responsible for retail marketing and retail loans. 
Board of Directors 
The following table sets out the members of the Board of Directors, their position and the date of their appointment 
to the Board. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the current term of all members of the Board of Directors is valid until 
March 2024. 
Name 
Position 
Date first
appointed 
Dr. Mehmet Ӧmer Arif Aras .........................................
Chairman
2000
Yousef Mahmoud H. N. Al-Neama...............................
Vice Chairman
2019
Osman Ömür Tan ..........................................................
Board Member and General Manager (CEO)
2022
Saleh Nofal....................................................................
Board Member and Head of Audit Committee
2023
Temel Güzeloğlu ...........................................................
Board Member
2010
Fatma Abdulla S.S. Al-Suwaidi ....................................
Board Member
2016
Adel Ali M. A. Al-Malki...............................................
Board Member
2019
Noor Mohd J A Al-Naimi..............................................
Board and Audit Committee Member
2017
Ramzi T.A. Mari ...........................................................
Board and Audit Committee Member
2016
Durmuş Ali Kuzu ..........................................................
Board and Audit Committee Member
2022
Yeşim Güra....................................................................
Board Member
2023

--- Page 118 ---
99 
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors is Esentepe Mahallesi, Büyükdere Cad., Kristal Kule 
Binası, No:215, Şişli, İstanbul, Türkiye. Set forth below are brief biographies of each of the current members of the Board of 
Directors. 
Chairman and Vice Chairman 
Dr. Ömer A. Aras - Chairman of the Board of Directors and Group CEO 
Dr. Ömer A. Aras received an MBA and a PhD degree from Syracuse University's School of Management in 1981, 
followed by serving for three years at the business school faculty at The Ohio State University until 1984. Dr. Aras has been 
the Chairman of the Bank since 2010. When the Bank was founded by Mr. Hüsnü Özyeğin in 1987, Dr. Aras was one of the 
Bank’s initial managers, acting as an Assistant General Manager in charge of Commercial and Investment Banking and 
Treasury until 1989. He then worked as the General Manager (CEO) of the Bank from 1989 to 1995, after which he was an 
Executive Board Member until 2006. During this period, he also served as the Vice Chairman of Fiba Holding, a board member 
of the Bank's international subsidiaries in Switzerland, France, Holland, Romania and Russia, the Chairman of Marks & 
Spencer in Türkiye and a board member of Gima, a food retailer. 
In 2006, upon the acquisition of the Bank by NBG, Dr. Aras became the Vice Chairman and Group CEO of the Bank. 
In 2008, he joined the Executive Committee of NBG responsible for its subsidiaries in Serbia, Romania, Albania, Bulgaria and 
Macedonia. In 2010, Dr. Aras became the Chairman of the Bank. Dr. Aras has also been serving as the Chairman of Cigna 
Health, Life and Pension. Following the acquisition of the Bank by QNB in June 2016, Dr. Aras has continued to serve as the 
Chairman of the Bank. 
Prior to his career at the Bank, Dr. Aras worked for Citibank (1984 - 1987) and Yapı Kredi Bankası (1987) in Türkiye. 
He also served on the Board of TUSIAD (Turkish Businessmen Association) between 2003 and 2007. 
Dr. Aras is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, serving as the Vice President of the High Advisory Council of 
TUSIAD and is a Member of the Higher Advisory Board of Darüşşafaka Cemiyeti and the Board of Trustees of Boğaziçi 
University Foundation. 
Yousef Mahmoud H N Al-Neama - Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Mr. Al-Neama received his bachelor of science degree in Aviation Management from Florida Institute of Technology 
in 1989 and his postgraduate degree in Business Administration from Glamorgan University (Wales) in 2004. Before joining 
QNB, Mr. Al-Neama worked as the Executive Manager of International & Institutional Banking at Doha Bank in 2003 for a 
year. After Mr. Al-Neama joined QNB in 2005, he served at various positions at QNB, such as the Executive Manager of 
Corporate Products Marketing and the Executive Manager of International Banking. Subsequently, Mr. Al-Neama served as 
the CEO of QNB Syria between 2010 and 2011. In 2013, he served as the General Manager of International Business division 
of QNB. Mr. Al-Neama served as the General Manager of Group Corporate and Institutional Banking at QNB between 2014 
and 2019. Since 1 July 2019, Mr. Al-Neama has been serving as the Executive General Manager/Group Chief Business Officer 
of QNB. Mr. Al-Neama was appointed as a Vice Chairman of the Bank in 2022. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Mr. Al-
Neama is serving as a Vice Chairman of Mansour Bank in Iraq and the Housing Bank for Trade and Finance in Jordan and is 
a member of the board of directors of QNB Capital LLC. 
Other Board Members 
Osman Ömür Tan - General Manager (CEO) and Member of the Board of Directors 
Mr. Osman Ömür Tan earned a bachelor’s degree in Statistics from Hacettepe University. He began working at Yapı 
Kredi Bank as a Management Trainee in 1995, where he worked until joining the Bank in 1998. At the Bank, he has served 
respectively as Corporate Branch Customer Relationship Manager, Corporate Branch Manager, Group Manager in charge of 
Head Office Key Accounts and Group Manager in charge of Corporate Banking. Mr. Tan was appointed Executive Vice 
President in charge of Corporate Banking, Structured Finance and Trade Finance in October 2011. From October 2013 until 
31 December 2021, he served as the Executive Vice President responsible for Corporate and Commercial Banking. Mr. Tan 
was appointed as the General Manager (CEO) of the Bank effective as of 1 January 2022.

--- Page 119 ---
100 
Saleh Nofal - Member of the Board of Directors and Head of the Audit Committee 
Mr. Saleh Nofal joined QNB Group in 2003 and served as its Group Chief Compliance Officer for over 15 years. He 
has over 36 years of banking and financial services industry experience and specialises in the Compliance, Audit and Risk 
fields. Prior to joining the QNB Group, Mr. Nofal worked with the Arab Bank Group, Jordan Ahli Bank, the Arab World 
Auditing Bureau and a Jordanian public accountancy firm. He holds a bachelor’s degree in commerce as well as a number of 
professional certifications, including Certified Internal Auditor (CIA), Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE) and Certified 
Compliance Officer (CCO), and has a professional diploma in audit and accounting. Mr. Nofal is also a member of the 
Association of Certified Fraud Examiners (ACFE), Association of Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialists (ACAMS) 
and Institute of Internal Auditors (IIA). In addition, he is a member of the MENA Financial Crime Compliance Group (FCCG) 
in partnership with the Union of Arab Banks. He has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Bank since April 2023. 
Temel Güzeloğlu – Member of the Board of Directors 
Born in 1969, Mr. Temel Güzeloğlu has bachelor’s degrees in Electrical and Electronics Engineering and Physics 
from Boğaziçi University. Mr. Güzeloğlu then earned a master’s degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering from 
Northeastern University (Boston, Massachusetts) and an MBA from Bilgi University, İstanbul. Mr. Güzeloğlu worked as the 
Executive Vice President of the Bank responsible for Consumer Banking until August 2008 and then started serving as the 
Executive Vice President responsible for Retail Banking (now Retail, Affluent and Private Banking) and a member of the 
Management Committee of the Bank. Mr. Güzeloğlu was appointed as the General Manager (CEO) of the Bank in April 2010, 
serving in this role through 31 December 2021. Prior to his career at the Bank, Mr. Güzeloğlu worked for Unilever (1994-96), 
Citibank (1996-2000) and McKinsey (2000-2004). 
Fatma Abdulla S.S. Al-Suwaidi - Member of the Board of Directors 
Mrs. Al-Suwaidi holds a bachelor’s degree in Accounting, a master’s degree in Risk Management, an MBA from 
Qatar University, a master’s degree in Risk Management from New York University and a JD from Hamad Bin Khalifa 
University. She joined QNB in 1999 and, having previously held the role of Assistant General Manager of QNB’s Group Credit 
department, she is currently serving as the Group Chief Risk Officer and is a board member of QNB Tunisia. She was appointed 
as a member of the Board of Directors of the Bank in June 2016. She is also a member of the Audit Committee. 
Noor Mohd J A Al-Naimi - Member of the Board of Directors 
Ms. Al-Naimi earned a bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from Qatar University (1999). Ms. Al-Naimi 
joined QNB in 2000 and, after holding various positions in the Treasury Operations and Control Division of QNB until 2014, 
she first became the Acting General Manager and then the General Manager of the Group’s Treasury. She was appointed as a 
member of the Board of Directors of the Bank in June 2017. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, she is also a member of the 
audit committee of the Bank. 
Ramzi T.A. Mari - Member of the Board of Directors 
Mr. Mari received the Certified Public Accountant Certificate in the State of California, United States (1989) and 
holds a master’s degree in Accounting from the California State University, United States. Mr. Mari joined QNB in 1997 from 
Jordan Bank and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, he is the Executive General Manager and the Chief Financial Officer 
of QNB. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, he is also a board member of Housing Bank for Trade and Finance (Jordan), 
QNB Al Ahli (Egypt) and QNB Capital LLC. He was appointed as a member of the Board of Directors of the Bank in June 
2016.  
Durmuş Ali Kuzu - Member of the Board of Directors 
Mr. Ali Kuzu received a bachelor’s degree in Business Management from the Ankara University’s Department of 
Faculty of Political Sciences in 1996, an MBA from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 2008 and a Ph.D degree 
in Accounting and Finance from Başkent University in 2018. Mr. Kuzu has a Certified Public Accountant and an Independent 
Auditor Certificate. After beginning his career at Vakifbank in 1996 as a loan analyst and then working as an internal auditor 
at Türkiye Emlak Bankası from 1997 to 1999, he went on to hold various Vice Presidency and managerial positions at the

--- Page 120 ---
101 
Turkish Treasury, the Public Oversight Accounting and Auditing Standards Authority and the BRSA. In August 2016, he was 
appointed as a member of the Board of Directors of the Bank and a member of its audit committee. 
Adel Ali M A Al-Malki - Member of the Board of Directors 
Mr. Al-Malki holds a bachelor’s degree in Computer Information Technology from Qatar University in 2001. Mr. Al-
Malki started his career at QNB in 2003 and served in various positions since 2003. Mr. Al-Malki served as a System Analyst 
between 2003 and 2005 and subsequently worked as the Executive Manager of Development & User Services and Assistant 
General Manager of Development & User Services from 2007 to 2010. Mr. Al-Malki has been the General Manager of Group 
Information Technology of QNB since 2010. In May 2019, he was appointed as a member of the Board of Directors of the 
Bank. 
Yeşim Güra - Member of the Board of Directors 
Ms. Yeşim Güra completed a bachelor’s degree in business administration at Boğaziçi University in 1989 and, through 
a TEV scholarship, a masters of business administration at Indiana University in 1991. Having started her career as a Financial 
Analyst at Procter & Gamble A.Ş. in 1991, Ms. Güra served as a Sales Finance Director. After assuming various responsibilities 
within Sanipak A.Ş. (a partnership between Procter & Gamble and Eczacıbaşı) from 1995 through 1999, she served 
consecutively as Finance Group Manager, Corporate Finance Director, Financial Analysis Director and Budget Planning 
Director in the same company from 1999 through 2004 at P&G Consumer Goods Industry Co., Ltd. Ms. Güra, who held senior 
positions at Danone Hayat İçecek ve Gıda Sanayi A.Ş. from 2004 through 2017, including as its Finance & Business Unit 
Director and then, from 2009 through 2017, as its General Manager. Ms. Güra then served as the General Manager of 
Altıparmak Gıda A.Ş. and Draeger Medikal ve Korunma Teknolojileri A.Ş., holding the position of Vice-Chairperson of the 
Board of Directors of Draeger Turkey and being a member of the company’s European leadership team. Ms. Güra has been 
working as an independent international consultant since May 2020 and is currently an International Consultant in the 
Institutional Growth Programme of the EBRD and a Strategic Consultant, Executive Coach and Business Coach within the 
European Commission Innovation Programme. Ms. Güra completed the Gestalt Coaching program in June 2017 and received 
an ICF-accredited coaching certificate. She is a member of the Indiana University’s Kelley School of Business’ Global Dean’s 
Council and a Board Member of YÜD (Board Members Association). She mentors women entrepreneurs and students within 
the EBRD and on different platforms. 
Executive Vice Presidents, Heads of Divisions and Coordinators 
The Executive Vice Presidents, Heads of Divisions and Coordinators each report to the Chairman and Vice Chairman 
and are responsible for supervising and coordinating the activities of their respective units, monitoring progress with regard to 
the Bank’s business targets and goals, approving expenditures, investments and financing within set limits and contributing to 
the Bank’s management regarding the design of the Bank’s strategy, setting targets for the Bank and drawing up an annual 
budget for their respective divisions. 
Executive Vice Presidents 
Area of responsibility 
Köksal Çoban ....................................................
Treasury
Dr. Mehmet Kürşad Demirkol...........................
Information Technologies, Process Management, Operations ADC
Adnan Menderes Yayla .....................................
Financial Control and Planning
Enis Kurtoğlu ....................................................
Mass Banking and Direct Sales
Murat Koraş.......................................................
Payment Systems
Engin Turhan.....................................................
Commercial Banking, Cash Management and Foreign Trade
Cumhur Türkmen ..............................................
Enpara.com
Cenk Akıncılar ..................................................
Human Resources
Burçin Dündar Tüzün........................................
Corporate and Commercial Credits
Zeynep Kulalar..................................................
Corporate Banking and Project Finance
Ali Yılmaz .........................................................
Legal Affairs
Derya Düner ......................................................
QNBEYOND
İsmail Işık..........................................................
Credit Monitoring & NPL

--- Page 121 ---
102 
Heads of Divisions 
Area of responsibility 
Ersin Emir...........................................................
Internal Audit
Ahmet Erzengin..................................................
Head of Compliance Division and Internal Control
Zeynep Aydın Demirkıran..................................
Risk Management
The business address of the Bank’s Executive Vice Presidents, Heads of Divisions and Coordinators is Esentepe 
Mahallesi, Büyükdere Cad., Kristal Kule Binası, No:215, Şişli, İstanbul, Türkiye. Set forth below is brief biographical 
information regarding the Bank’s Executive Vice Presidents, Heads of Divisions and Coordinators who are not also directors. 
Executive Vice Presidents 
Köksal Çoban 
Mr. Köksal Çoban graduated from Middle East Technical University with a degree in Business Administration and 
earned a master’s degree in Finance from City University. He worked at Turk Eximbank between 1990-1995 and at Demirbank 
between 1995-1997. Mr. Çoban joined the Bank’s Treasury in 1997 as International Markets Manager and served as Director 
of International Markets from 1998 to 2000. Beginning in 2000, he assumed various managerial positions within the Treasury 
Department. Mr. Çoban was appointed as the Executive Vice President in charge of Treasury in August 2008. 
Mehmet Kürşad Demirkol 
Mr. Mehmet Kürşad Demirkol graduated from the Faculty of Electrical and Electronics Engineering at Bilkent 
University in 1995 as student marshal and subsequently earned MSc and PhD degrees from Stanford University. He worked as 
an Application Engineer at Oracle-Redwood between 1996 and 1997 and as a Research Assistant at Stanford University from 
1997 to 1999. He served as Senior Associate at the Atlanta and İstanbul offices of McKinsey & Company from 1999 until 
2003. Mr. Demirkol worked as the Group Head of Business Development and Strategy Department at the Bank between 2004 
and 2005. He served as Vice President of Information Technology and Card Operations at Finansbank Russia in 2005. He then 
served as Business Development and Marketing Director at Memorial Healthcare Group from 2005 to 2007. In 2007, he started 
working as Head of Information Technologies at Vakıfbank and was appointed Chief Information Officer of the bank in the 
same year. Additionally, he undertook the post of Chief Operating Officer in charge of Operations and Alternative Delivery 
Channels in 2008. Mr. Demirkol has worked at the Bank as Executive Vice President in charge of Information Technologies 
and Process Management since October 2010. From November 2011 he has served as the Executive Vice President in charge 
of IT and Operations. 
Adnan Menderes Yayla 
Mr. Adnan Menderes Yayla earned a bachelor’s degree in Economics from Ankara University, Faculty of Political 
Sciences in 1985 and an MBA degree from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1994. He worked as an Assistant 
Auditor and Auditor for the Ministry of Finance from 1985 to 1995; Project Valuation Division Head for Privatisation 
Administration from 1995 to 1996; Managing Director, Senior Managing Director and Partner of Pricewaterhouse Coopers 
offices in İstanbul and London from 1996 to 2000; and Executive Vice President in charge of Financial Control and Risk 
Management for Türk Dış Ticaret Bankası (Fortis) from 2000 to 2008. Having joined the Bank in May 2008, Mr. Yayla has 
been serving as Group Chief Financial Officer since that time. 
Enis Kurtoğlu 
Mr. Enis Kurtoğlu graduated from the Electrics and Electronics Engineering Department of Boğaziçi University in 
1999 and then completed an MBA at University of London. He served as the Marketing Director at Citibank A.Ş. between 
1999 and 2010. After working as the Mass Banking Senior Vice President between 2010 and 2012 and the Mass Banking 
Director between 2012 and 2014 at the Bank, he served as the Mass Banking and Direct Sales Director from 2014 to May 2015. 
From May 2015 to June 2016, he served as the Mass Banking and Direct Sales Executive Vice President, at which point he 
became the Retail and Private Banking Executive Vice President.

--- Page 122 ---
103 
Murat Koraş 
Mr. Murat Koraş graduated from the Industrial Engineering Department of Boğaziçi University in 1999 and then 
completed an MBA at Özyegin University. He worked as a specialist at the Bank between 1999 and 2001. In 2004, he started 
working as the Assistant Manager of Information Technology Project Management at Aviva. Since September 2004, he served 
as the Strategy Office Assistant Manager, Data Mining Assistant Manager, Analytic Marketing Vice President and Portfolio 
Management and Analytics Senior Vice President of the Bank until 2012. Mr. Koraş served as the Bank’s Consumer Payment 
Systems Director from 2012 to 2015. Since May 2015, he has been serving as the Payment Systems Executive Vice President. 
Engin Turhan 
Mr. Turhan started at the Bank in 2003 as Management Trainee, in MT programme. After being assigned in different 
departments in the Loans division until 2005, he joined the Project Finance area and worked at expert and managerial levels in 
Project Monitoring, Project Evaluation, Corporate Finance and Syndications departments. After being assigned as Corporate 
Banking Structured Finance and Syndication Group Manager in 2012, Derivatives Sales function was also affiliated to him in 
2014 and he was appointed as Director. In 2015, Commercial Banking was also affiliated to Mr. Turhan’s functions and, since 
June 2016, he has officiated as Executive Vice President responsible for Commercial Banking and Project Finance. Having 
graduated from Economics Department in Marmara University Faculty of Economics and Administrative Sciences, Mr. Turhan 
has also Master’s Degree in International Economics Politic and Business Administrative. 
Cumhur Türkmen 
Mr. Cumhur Türkmen graduated from the Mathematic Engineering Department at Yıldız Technical University. He 
worked as an Application Programmer in Bimsa Uluslararası İş Bilgi ve Yönetim Sistemleri A.Ş. from 1998 to 2000. He took 
office as a Supervisor in the Treasury Department of the Bank in 2000. Mr. Türkmen worked in IBTECH between 2005 and 
2010 and then he returned to the Bank and served in the following positions: the Business Development 
Corporation/Commercial Unit Manager, the CEO Office Unit Manager, the CEO Office Division Manager, the Enpara.com 
Technology and Operation Management Division Manager and the Enpara.com Digital Banking Director. Thereafter, he was 
appointed as an Executive Vice President in charge of Enpara.com on 11 June 2018. 
Cenk Akıncılar 
Mr. Cenk Akıncılar graduated from the Mathematics Department of the Faculty of Science and Literature at Eskişehir 
Anadolu/Osmangazi University in 1996. After working as a mathematics teacher for three months, he worked as the Senior 
Officer responsible for Salary and Industrial Relations at the Human Resources Department of Pamukbank from 1998 until 
May 2003. Mr. Akıncılar joined the Bank in May 2003. He has worked as the Human Resources Assistant Manager responsible 
for Recruitment, System Development and Projects, the Manager of the Organisational Development, Performance, Strategic 
Reporting and Revenue Management and the Manager of the Employee Rights and Systemic Authorisation Management, and 
then became the Division Manager of Human Resources Management Systems and Revenue Management, Employee Rights 
and Systemic Authorisation Management Department. Mr. Akıncılar was assigned as the Director of Human Resources in July 
2018 and was appointed as the Human Resources Executive Vice President as of January 2019.  
Burçin Dündar Tüzün 
Ms. Burçin Dündar Tüzün graduated with a degree in Civil Engineering from the Engineering Faculty, Middle East 
Technical University in 1997 and obtained an MBA from Bilkent University’s Business Administration Faculty in 1999. She 
started her banking career as assistant auditor at the Bank’s Internal Audit Department in 1999, joined the Bank’s Corporate 
Credits Allocation Department in 2005 and has since served the Bank as corporate credits manager, division manager and 
department manager. Ms. Tüzün was appointed Corporate and Commercial Credits Director responsible for Corporate, 
Commercial and Structured Finance Credits Allocation in 2016 and then added responsibility for Credits Monitoring and 
Financial Institutions Credits Management in 2018. She has been serving as an Executive Vice President since December 2019.

--- Page 123 ---
104 
Zeynep Kulalar 
Ms. Zeynep Kulalar graduated from the Department of Business Administration at Middle East Technical University’s 
Faculty of Economics and Administrative Sciences Department in 1994. She served as Portfolio Assistant Manager at Yapı 
Kredi Bankası from September 1994 to December 2002 and then served as Corporate Portfolio Assistant Manager at MNG 
Bank from January 2003 until July 2005, at which time she joined the Bank as Corporate Marketing Team Assistant Manager. 
At the Bank, she has served as Key Customer Vice President, Corporate Banking Sales and Marketing Vice President, 
Performance & Foreign Trade and Portfolio Management Senior Vice President, Foreign Trade and Portfolio Management 
Division Manager and Corporate Banking Portfolio Management Division Manager. Ms. Kulalar was appointed as the 
Corporate Banking Director in June 2016 and has been serving as Executive Vice President since December 2019. 
Ali Yılmaz 
Mr. Ali Yılmaz graduated from the Law Faculty of Istanbul University in 1999, studied finance in Canada in 2002 
and completed the Executive MBA program at Koç University’s Graduate School of Business in 2008. Mr. Yılmaz served as 
a Law Apprentice at Demiryol Law Office from September 1996 to December 1998, at Canaz Law Office from October 1999 
to June 2000 and at Sarıgül Law Office from June 2000 to June 2001. He then served as Legal Director at Fortis Bank A.Ş 
from June 2003 through December 2009 and as a member of the Board of Directors and Head of Legal Affairs at Société 
Générale SA Türkiye from January 2010 through October 2016. Mr. Yılmaz joined the Bank as Legal Consultancy Unit Head 
in November 2016 and was assigned to the role of Head of Legal Affairs in May 2018. He has been serving as Executive Vice 
President of Legal Affairs since January 2020. 
Derya Düner 
Ms. Derya Düner graduated from the School of Engineering at Bogazici University with a Bachelor of Science degree 
in Industrial Engineering. From 2003 to 2007, she worked at Mercedes Benz and Pfizer in several positions in marketing, 
project management and strategy. In 2007, she joined the Bank as a Manager in Retail Banking (now Retail, Affluent and 
Private Banking). After serving in various capacities, she acted as one of the founding executives of Enpara.com throughout 
its set-up. After Enpara.com’s launch in 2012, Ms. Düner served as the Director of Customer Management and then, in 2015, 
she also took on the responsibilities for launching and managing the Bank’s Customer Experience Management Office. In 
January 2018, she founded the Bank’s office of QNBEYOND, which is QNB’s global innovation centre to support startups 
and entrepreneurs in the financial services industry, and managed the department as the Director responsible for innovation. 
Ms. Düner was appointed as the Executive Vice President for QNBEYOND in January 2020. 
İsmail Işık 
Mr. İsmail Işık graduated from the Business Management Department of Istanbul University in 1998 and then earned 
a master’s degree at İstanbul Technical University. He joined the Bank as an Assistant Inspector in 2003, a role he held until 
being appointed as an Inspector in the Bank. From 2010 to 2012, Mr. Işık served as a Senior Inspector and then Unit Inspector 
at the Bank. He was promoted to Department Manager in August 2012, where he worked until 2017. From November 2017 to 
January 2023, Mr. Işık served as the Director of Credit Monitoring and NPL, thereafter being promoted to Executive Vice 
President of Credit Monitoring and NPL. 
Heads of Divisions 
Ersin Emir - Head of Internal Audit 
Mr. Ersin Emir graduated from Middle East Technical University in 1994 with a bachelor’s degree in Business; he 
earned a master’s degree in Organisational Psychology from the University of London in 2010. He started his banking career 
in 1995 as Assistant Auditor in İşbank. Mr. Emir then started working at the Internal Audit Department of the Bank as Auditor 
in 1998. He was appointed Vice President of Internal Audit in 2004 and assumed responsibilities of the Head Office and 
Subsidiary Audits in the last two years in this capacity. Mr. Emir was appointed Head of Internal Audit in March 2011.

--- Page 124 ---
105 
Ahmet Erzengin - Head of Internal Control and Compliance 
After graduating from Middle East Technical University, Department of Public Administration, Mr. Ahmet Erzengin 
worked at Pamukbank from 1988 to 1993. He joined the Bank in 1993 as Banking Regulations Manager. In 1996, Mr. Erzengin 
was appointed Head of Operations overseeing the operations of the branches and headquarters. With the establishment of the 
Head of Operations Center in 2001, he served as Operations Center until 2005. At the beginning of 2006, Mr. Erzengin assisted 
in the establishment of the Compliance Department and was appointed Head of Compliance. In September 2012, Mr. Erzengin 
was appointed Head of Internal Control and Compliance. 
Zeynep Aydın Demirkıran - Head of Risk Management 
Mrs. Zeynep Aydın Demirkıran has a bachelor’s degree in Economics from Bilkent University and master’s degree 
in Economics from Georgetown University in Washington DC. She taught at Georgetown University until December 1998. 
Mrs. Demirkıran then worked as a Specialist within the Risk Management Department of Türkiye İş Bankası between 1999 
and 2002. She joined the Bank in 2002 and assumed the responsibilities of Senior Risk Manager and Basel II Programme 
Coordinator. In September 2011, Mrs. Demirkıran was appointed Head of Risk Management. 
Board Committees 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there are five committees established under the Board of Directors of the Bank. 
Some information on each such committee is set out below: 
Audit Committee. For a description of the Audit Committee, see “– Executive Committees of the Bank – Audit 
Committee.” 
Credit Committee. For a description of the Credit Committee, see “– Executive Committees of the Bank – Credit 
Committee.” 
Remuneration Committee. The Remuneration Committee defines the remuneration and incentive policies for the 
Board of Directors and senior management and advises the Board of Directors on such matters in order to ensure the compliance 
of such policies with the Bank’s ethical values, strategy implementation and targets. 
Board Risk Committee. For a description of the Board Risk Committee, see “– Executive Committees of the Bank – 
Board Risk Committee.” 
Corporate Governance Committee. For a description of the Corporate Governance Committee, see “– Executive 
Committees of the Bank – Corporate Governance Committee.” 
Executive Committees of the Bank 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank has eight executive committees. 
Credit Committee. The mission of the Credit Committee is to examine, evaluate and approve the loan limits that fall 
under the authority of the Board of Directors and the Credit Committee in keeping with the Bank’s loan strategies and the 
relevant legislation, to keep the quality of the Bank’s loan portfolio under control and to take part in and manage the release 
process of loans within the framework of the risk/return relationship. The Credit Committee meets once each week. 
Audit Committee. Pursuant to Article 24 of the Banking Law, the Audit Committee was established to monitor, on 
behalf of the Board of Directors, the effectiveness, functioning and adequacy of the Bank’s internal controls and procedures 
and accounting and reporting systems, in accordance with applicable laws. The Audit Committee monitors the integrity and 
reliability of information generated from those controls and procedures, makes the necessary preliminary evaluations required 
for selection of the independent external audit firms and rating, evaluation and outsourcing of organisations by the Board of 
Directors, regularly monitors the operations of such organisations selected by the Board of Directors with whom contracts are 
made and ensures that the internal audit activities of subsidiaries subject to consolidation are carried out on a consolidated basis 
and coordinated with the internal audit activities of the Bank. The Audit Committee meets on a quarterly basis. The Audit

--- Page 125 ---
106 
Committee consists of a minimum of two members appointed from among the non-executive members of the Board of 
Directors. 
Board Risk Committee. The BRC determines risk management policies and strategies, reviews risks to which the Bank 
is exposed, monitors the implementation of risk management strategies and brings important risk issues to the attention of the 
Board of Directors. The BRC meets once each month. For additional information on the BRC, see “Risk Management – Risk 
Management Governance – Board Risk Committee.” 
Corporate Governance Committee. The Bank established a Corporate Governance Committee in 2005 to strengthen 
the Bank’s corporate governance policies and its level of adherence to corporate governance principles and to submit proposals 
to the Board of Directors. The committee annually issues a report on the consistency with Corporate Governance Principles, 
which report is submitted to the General Assembly and is made available on the website of the Bank. See also “- Corporate 
Governance.” 
Asset / Liability Committee. The ALCO proposes asset and liability management procedures and policies to the Board 
of Directors which are compatible with applicable laws. The ALCO is responsible for executing the policies and managing 
structural interest rate risk within the limits defined by the Board of Directors. The ALCO meets twice each month, reviews 
critical risk issues and determines the strategies for asset and liability management. 
Corporate Credit Policies Committee. The Corporate Credit Policies Committee is responsible for defining corporate 
credit policies, continuously monitoring the quality of the Bank’s non-retail credit portfolio and granting loans with the 
objective of maximising the Bank’s profitability within a risk-return framework. The Corporate Credit Policies Committee 
meets once each month. 
Retail Credit Policies Committee. The Retail Credit Policies Committee is responsible for defining retail credit 
policies, continuously controlling the quality of the Bank’s retail credits and credit cards portfolios and managing these 
portfolios with the objective of maximising the Bank’s profitability within a risk-return framework. The Retail Credit Policies 
Committee meets once each month. 
Operational Risk Management Committee. The Operational Risk Management Committee defines operational risk 
policies, reviews operational risk issues and defines the necessary actions to minimise operational risks. The Operational Risk 
Management Committee meets on a quarterly basis. 
Corporate Governance 
General 
The Bank’s corporate governance practices meet the mandatory requirements imposed by the laws of Türkiye, the 
BRSA, the CMB and other applicable regulations, as well as the articles of association of the Bank. The Bank’s corporate 
governance practices are based upon best international practices and form a framework that seeks to ensure consistency and 
efficiency in the Board’s practices and the governance of the Bank and the Group. The Bank’s corporate governance practices 
also seek to ensure strategic direction, management supervision and adequate control of the Bank with the ultimate goal of 
increasing the long-term value of the Bank and protecting the general corporate interest. For additional information, see “Risk 
Management – Risk Management Governance.” 
CMB Corporate Governance Principles 
The Communiqué No. II-17.1 on Corporate Governance (as amended, the “Corporate Governance Communiqué”) 
provides certain mandatory and non-mandatory corporate governance principles as well as rules regarding related-party 
transactions and a company’s investor relations department. Some provisions of the Corporate Governance Communiqué 
are applicable to all companies incorporated in Türkiye and listed on the Borsa İstanbul, whereas some others are applicable 
solely to companies whose shares are traded in certain markets of the Borsa İstanbul. The Corporate Governance 
Communiqué provides specific exemptions and/or rules applicable to banks that are traded on the Borsa İstanbul. See 
“Turkish Regulatory Environment - Corporate Governance Principles.”

--- Page 126 ---
107 
Compensation 
The members of the Board of Directors receive a fee for attending meetings of the Board of Directors. In 2020, 2021 
and 2022, this fee amounted to TL 2,348.7 thousand, TL 2,627.4 thousand and TL 3,344.9 thousand, respectively, in the 
aggregate for all directors. Members of the Board of Directors do not receive any additional compensation for acting as 
directors; however, certain directors are employees of the Bank and receive compensation for such employment. 
In 2020, 2021 and 2022, a total of TL 102.0 million, TL 146.0 million and TL 193.6 million, respectively, was paid 
to the Board members based upon their performance. Loans extended to Board members and managers are limited under 
Article 50 of the Banking Law. No loans are granted to Board members and managers above these limits. No members of the 
Board of Directors or any of the Bank’s executive officers have any options in respect of the Bank’s share capital. 
Additionally, the amount of the salary, remuneration and expenses paid and benefits in kind granted to the Bank’s 
senior management (Executive Vice Presidents, Heads of Divisions and Coordinators) in 2020, 2021 and 2022 was TL 63.8 
million, TL 79.1 million and TL 112.4 million, respectively. 
Conflicts of Interests 
There are no actual or potential conflicts of interest between the duties of any of the members of the Board of Directors, 
Executive Vice Presidents, Heads of Divisions or Coordinators and their respective private interests or other duties. 
Auditors 
Statutory Auditors. The Turkish Commercial Code (Law No 6102), which entered into force on 1 July 2012, abolished 
the requirement for joint stock companies to have statutory auditors, which requirement had existed under the former Turkish 
Commercial Code (Law No. 6762) since 1956. As a result, Turkish joint stock companies were required to amend their articles 
of association to comply with the new provisions of the Turkish Commercial Code (Law No 6102) by 1 July 2013. PwC was 
appointed as the “group auditor” for 2021, 2022 and 2023 in the ordinary General Assembly Meeting in each of such years. 
External Auditors. The BRSA and CMB regulations require the Bank to undergo an external audit on a quarterly basis. 
Under the BRSA regulations, the external audit firms and external auditors must fulfil certain requirements to be qualified as 
“independent.” A bank may retain the independent audit services of the same external audit firm for a maximum of seven 
consecutive fiscal years. The same individual auditors are not permitted to carry out audit services for the same bank for more 
than seven consecutive fiscal years. Independent auditors are held liable for damages and losses to third parties and are subject 
to stricter reporting obligations. Professional liability insurance is required for: (a) independent auditors and (b) evaluators, 
rating agencies and certain other support services (if requested by the service-acquiring bank or required by the BRSA). 
Furthermore, banks are required to consolidate their financial statements on a quarterly basis in accordance with certain 
consolidation principles established by the BRSA. The year-end consolidated financial statements are required to be audited 
whereas interim consolidated financial statements are subject to only a limited review by independent audit firms. In 2014, the 
Regulation regarding the Internal Systems and Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process of Banks established new 
standards as to principles of internal audit and risk management systems to bring such standards into compliance with Basel II 
requirements. 
The BRSA Financial Statements of the Bank and the Group incorporated into this Base Prospectus have been audited 
or reviewed, as applicable, by PwC as stated in its reports incorporated by reference herein. 
Internal Controls 
Pursuant to the Banking Law, banks must establish internal control, risk management and internal audit systems, 
including adequate number of supervisors, which must be in compliance with the scope and structure of their activities, covering 
all their branches and undertakings subject to consolidation in order to monitor and control the risks that they encounter.

--- Page 127 ---
108 
SHARE CAPITAL AND OWNERSHIP 
Share Capital 
The Bank has adopted the authorised share capital system that, under Turkish law, allows the Bank to increase its 
issued share capital up to its authorised share capital amount upon resolution by its Board of Directors and without need for 
further shareholder approval. The authorised share capital of the Bank is TL 12.0 billion, represented by 120.0 billion registered 
ordinary shares, with a par value of TL 0.10 each. As of 31 December 2022, the issued and paid-in share capital of the Bank 
was TL 3.4 billion, consisting of 33.5 billion ordinary shares, each having a nominal value of TL 0.10. The total capital of the 
Group as of 31 December 2022 amounted to TL 65 billion. Pursuant to the Banking Law, the Bank’s shares are issued in 
registered form. 
Ownership 
The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the Bank’s principal shareholders as of 
31 December 2022. 
Name of owner 
Number of shares 
% of 
outstanding 
share capital 
Qatar National Bank..................................................................
33,495,892,000
99.88%
Borsa İstanbul free float............................................................
4,108,000 
0.12% 
Total .................................................................................. 
33,500,000,000 
100.00% 
Qatar National Bank 
QNB was established in 1964 as the first Qatari-owned bank. It is 50% owned by the government of Qatar via the 
Qatar Investment Authority and the remaining shares are traded on the Qatar Exchange. As of 31 December 2022, QNB had 
total assets of US$327 billion, loans and advances of US$222 billion and deposits of US$231 billion. As of 31 December 2022, 
QNB, together with its subsidiaries and associate companies, operated in 28 countries around the world across three continents. 
QNB is listed on the Qatar Exchange (ticker: “QNBK”).

--- Page 128 ---
109 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
Under BRSA regulations, related parties of the Bank include entities or individuals that are directors, shareholders, 
general managers and deputy general managers (and, even if they are employed under different titles, managers who have 
equivalent or higher positions in terms of their responsibilities and powers), the respective spouses and children of any of the 
aforementioned individuals, affiliates or entities under the common management or control of the Bank. 
The Bank is controlled by QNB through its ownership of a 99.88% stake in the Bank as of 31 December 2022. Set 
forth below is a summary of the Bank’s material transactions and arrangements with QNB and its other related parties. 
Turkish banking regulations limit exposure to related companies, and the Group’s exposure to QNB and its 
subsidiaries and other affiliated/other rated parties is within the limit permitted by the regulations. See “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment – Lending Limits.” 
The Group has entered into banking transactions with members of the Board of Directors of the Bank and key 
management of the Bank and other Group companies, as well as with the close members of family and entities controlled or 
jointly controlled by those persons, in the normal course of business. The list of the members of the Board of Directors of the 
Bank is presented under “Management - Board of Directors.” 
The following table sets forth information for the indicated dates on the Bank’s loans and other receivables with the 
Bank’s risk group and interest and commission income from the Bank’s risk group during the indicated period: 
The Bank’s Risk Group
Associates and Subsidiaries 
Bank’s Direct and Indirect 
Shareholders 
Other Legal and Real Persons 
in Risk Group 
Cash 
Non-Cash 
Cash 
Non-Cash 
Cash 
Non-Cash 
Loans and Other Receivables
(TL Thousands)
Balance at beginning of 1 January 2022....
-
730
-
55,271
1,773
4,888
Balance at end of 31 December 2022........
-
226
-
116,854
4,102
1,349
Interest and commission income for this 
period .................................................
-
-
-
1,734
923
-
The following sets forth information for the indicated dates on deposits provided to the Bank by such related parties 
and the amount of interest paid thereon during the indicated periods: 
The Bank’s Risk Group
Associates and Subsidiaries 
Bank’s Direct and Indirect 
Shareholders 
Other Legal and Real Persons 
in Risk Group 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2022 
Deposits
(TL Thousands)
Balance at beginning of 1 January................
19,218
60,887
-
-
293,470
525,760
Balance at end of 31 December....................
60,887
152,259
-
-
525,760
572,625
Interest on deposits for the year ended .........
4,374
7,913
-
-
23,218
22,015
Information on forward and option agreements and similar agreements made with the Bank’s risk group during the same periods 
are set out below: 
The Bank’s Risk Group
Associates and Subsidiaries 
Bank’s Direct and Indirect 
Shareholders 
Other Legal and Real Persons 
in Risk Group 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2022 
Transactions for Trading Purposes
(TL Thousands)
Balance.........................................................
-
-
-
-
-
-
Balance.........................................................
-
-
-
-
-
-
Total income/loss for the year ended............
-
-
(56)
-
(20)
384

--- Page 129 ---
110 
THE TURKISH BANKING SECTOR 
The following information relating to the Turkish banking sector has been provided for background purposes only. 
The information has been extracted from third-party sources that the Bank’s management believes to be reliable but the Bank 
has not independently verified such information. See “Responsibility Statement.” 
The Turkish Banking Sector 
After a phase of consolidation, liquidations and significant regulatory enhancements in the 2000s, the Turkish banking 
sector has experienced a period of stability. The total number of banks (including deposit-taking banks, investment banks and 
development banks) in the sector has held relatively steady since 2008. During this phase, bank combinations have been few 
and changes to the roster have resulted principally from strategic investors purchasing existing local banks. Foreign investors 
have, amongst others, included BBVA, BNP Paribas, Citigroup, HSBC, ING, Bank of China, Intesa Sanpaolo, MUFG 
Bank, Ltd., Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Qatar National Bank and, in the most recent significant acquisition, 
Emirates NBD acquired Sberbank’s stake in Denizbank A.Ş. (“Denizbank”), a mid-sized bank in Türkiye, in 2019. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 52 banks (including domestic and foreign banks but excluding the Central 
Bank) were operating in Türkiye (six participation banks, which conduct their business under different legislation in accordance 
with Islamic banking principles, are not included in this analysis). Thirty-five of these were deposit-taking banks (including 
the Bank) and the remainder were development and investment banks. Among the deposit-taking banks, three banks were state-
controlled banks, eight were private domestic banks, 21 were private foreign banks and three were under the administration of 
the SDIF. 
The Banking Law permits deposit-taking banks to engage in all fields of financial activities, including deposit 
collection, corporate and consumer lending, foreign exchange transactions, capital market activities and securities trading. 
Typically, major commercial banks have nationwide branch networks and provide a full range of banking services, while 
smaller commercial banks focus on wholesale banking. The main objectives of development and investment banks are to 
provide medium-and long-term funding for investment in different sectors. 
Deposit-taking Turkish banks’ total balance sheets have grown at a CAGR of 25.8% from 31 December 2012 to 
31 December 2022, driven by loan book expansion and customer deposits growth, which increased by a CAGR of 24.7% and 
27.1%, respectively, during such period, in each case according to data from the BRSA. Despite strong growth of net loans and 
customer deposits, the Turkish banking sector remains relatively under-penetrated compared to the eurozone. Loans/GDP and 
customer deposits/GDP ratios of the Turkish banking sector were 50.5% and 59.1%, respectively, as of 31 December 2022 
according to BRSA and Turkstat data, whereas 19 countries in the eurozone’s banking sector had average loan and customer 
deposit penetration ratios of 180.9% and 173.3%, respectively, as of the same date based upon data from the ECB.

--- Page 130 ---
111 
The following table shows key indicators for deposit-taking banks in Türkiye as of (or for the period ended on) the 
indicated dates. 
As of (or for the year ended) 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL millions, except percentages)
Balance sheet 
Loans ...............................................................
2,088,599
2,308,603
3,091,047
4,152,545
6,517,978
Total assets.......................................................
3,403,305
3,904,022
5,281,462
7,882,807
12,337,664
Customer deposits............................................
1,899,352
2,351,444
3,133,909
4,746,930
7,970,792
Shareholders’ equity ........................................
367,745
425,808
519,022
615,560
1,227,326
Income statement 
Net interest income ..........................................
133,019
146,242
192,159
236,431
682,763
Net fees and commission income.....................
29,760
39,598
35,519
50,964
118,542
Total income ....................................................
193,457
230,441
274,818
363,032
990,810
Net Profit .........................................................
47,711
40,986
48,688
77,608
381,896
Key ratios 
Loans to customer deposits ratio......................
110.0%
98.2%
98.6%
87.5%
81.8%
Net interest margin(1)........................................
4.0%
4.0%
4.0%
3.9%
6.7%
Return on average shareholders’ equity(2)........
15.0%
11.1%
10.9%
15.0%
50.8%
Capital adequacy ratio .....................................
16.9%
18.0%
18.3%
18.1%
19.2%
____________ 
Source: BRSA monthly bulletin (www.bddk.org.tr) 
(1) Calculated as net interest income/(expense) as a percentage of the average interest-earning assets (securities, performing loans and other interest-earning 
assets) for the applicable period as reported in the BRSA monthly bulletin. 
(2) Calculated as profit as a percentage of the average shareholders’ equity for the applicable period as reported in the BRSA monthly bulletin. 
Competition 
The Turkish banking industry is highly competitive and relatively concentrated with the top 10 deposit-taking banks 
accounting for 93.5% of total assets of deposit-taking banks as of 31 December 2022 according to data from the BRSA. Among 
the top 10 Turkish banks, there are three state-controlled banks – Ziraat, Vakıfbank and Halkbank, which were ranked first, 
second and fourth, respectively, in terms of total assets as of such date according to the bank-only financials published in the 
Public Disclosure Platform (www.kap.gov.tr). These three state-controlled banks accounted for 46.2% of deposit-taking 
Turkish banks’ performing loans and 49.3% of total deposits as of such date according to the BRSA. The top four privately-
owned banks as of such date were Türkiye İş Bankası A.Ş., Garanti, Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. and Akbank T.A.Ş., which in 
total accounted for 38.9% of deposit-taking Turkish banks’ performing loans and 38.6% of total deposits as of such date 
according to the BRSA. The remaining banks in the top 10 deposit-taking banks in Türkiye as of such date included three mid-
sized banks, namely the Bank, Denizbank and Türk Ekonomi Bankası A.Ş., which were controlled by QNB, Emirates NBD 
and TEB Holding (a joint venture between BNP Paribas and Türkiye’s Çolakoğlu Group), respectively, as of such date.

--- Page 131 ---
112 
TURKISH REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT 
Regulatory Institutions 
Turkish banks and branches of foreign banks in Türkiye are primarily governed by two regulatory authorities in 
Türkiye, the BRSA and the Central Bank. 
The Role of the BRSA 
In June 1999, the Banks Act No. 4389 (which has been replaced by the Banking Law) established the BRSA. The 
BRSA supervises the application of banking legislation, monitors the banking system and is responsible for ensuring that banks 
observe banking legislation. 
Articles 82 and 93 of the Banking Law state that the BRSA, having the status of a public legal entity with 
administrative and financial autonomy, is established in order to ensure application of the Banking Law and other relevant acts, 
to ensure that savings are protected and to carry out other activities as necessary by issuing regulations within the limits of the 
authority granted to it by the Banking Law. The BRSA is obliged and authorised to take and implement any decisions and 
measures in order to prevent any transaction or action that might jeopardise the rights of depositors and the regular and secure 
operation of banks and/or might lead to substantial damages to the national economy, as well as to ensure efficient functioning 
of the credit system. 
The BRSA has responsibility for all banks operating in Türkiye, including development and investment banks, foreign 
banks and participation banks. The BRSA sets various mandatory ratios such as reserve levels, capital adequacy and liquidity 
ratios. In addition, all banks must provide the BRSA, on a regular and timely basis, information adequate to permit off-site 
analysis by the BRSA of such bank’s financial performance, including balance sheets, profit and loss accounts, board of 
directors’ reports and auditor’s reports.  
The BRSA conducts both on-site and off-site audits and supervises implementation of the provisions of the Banking 
Law and other legislation, examination of all banking operations and analysis of the relationship and balance between assets, 
receivables, equity capital, liabilities, profit and loss accounts and all other factors affecting a bank’s financial structure. 
The Role of the Central Bank 
The Central Bank was founded in 1930 and performs the traditional functions of a central bank, including the issuance 
of bank notes, determining the exchange rate regime in Türkiye jointly with the government and to design and implement this 
regime, maintenance of price stability and continuity, regulation of the money supply, management of official gold and foreign 
exchange reserves, monitoring of the financial system and advising the government on financial matters. The Central Bank 
exercises its powers independently of the government. The Central Bank is empowered to determine the inflation target together 
with the government, and to adopt a monetary policy in compliance with such target. The Central Bank is the only authorised 
and responsible institution for the implementation of such monetary policy. 
The Central Bank has responsibility for all banks operating in Türkiye, including foreign banks. The Central Bank 
sets mandatory reserve levels. In addition, each bank must provide the Central Bank, on a current basis, information adequate 
to permit off-site evaluation of its financial performance, including balance sheets, profit and loss accounts, board of directors’ 
reports and auditor’s reports. 
Pursuant to amendments introduced to the Banking Law in 2020, the Central Bank has been empowered to determine 
maximum interest rates for lending and deposit-taking activities of banks, as well as caps on fees, expenses and commissions 
charged by banks to their clients for any sort of activity. 
Banks Association of Türkiye 
The Banks Association of Türkiye is an organisation that provides limited supervision of and coordination among 
banks (excluding the participation banks) operating in Türkiye. All banks (excluding the participation banks) in Türkiye are 
obligated to become members of this association. As the representative body of the banking sector, the association aims to

--- Page 132 ---
113 
examine, protect and promote its members’ professional interests; however, despite its supervisory and disciplinary functions, 
it does not possess any powers to regulate banking. 
Shareholdings 
The direct or indirect acquisition by a Person of shares that represent 10% or more of the share capital of any bank or 
the direct or indirect acquisition or disposition of such shares by a Person if the total number of shares held by such Person 
increases above or falls below 10%, 20%, 33% or 50% of the share capital of a bank, requires the permission of the BRSA in 
order to preserve full voting and other shareholders’ rights associated with such shares. In addition, irrespective of the 
thresholds above, an assignment and transfer of privileged shares with the right to nominate a member to the board of directors 
or audit committee (or the issuance of new shares with such privileges) is also subject to the authorisation of the BRSA. 
Additionally, the direct or indirect acquisition or transfer of any shares of a legal entity that owns 10% or more of the share 
capital of a bank is subject to the BRSA’s approval if such transfer results in the total number of such legal entity’s shares 
directly or indirectly held by a shareholder increasing above or falling below 10%, 20%, 33% or 50% of the share capital of 
such legal entity. If such approval is not obtained, then the relevant shares would merely entitle their owner to the right to 
dividends whereas the voting and other shareholder rights would be exercised by the SDIF. 
The board of directors of a bank is responsible for taking necessary measures to ascertain that shareholders attending 
a general assembly have obtained the applicable authorisations from the BRSA. If the BRSA determines that a shareholder has 
exercised voting or other shareholders’ rights (other than the right to collect dividends) without due authorisation as described 
in the preceding paragraph, then it is authorised to direct the board of directors of a bank to start the procedure to cancel such 
applicable general assembly resolutions (including by way of taking any necessary precautions concerning such banks within 
its authority under the Banking Law if such procedure has not been started yet). If the shares are obtained on the stock exchange, 
then the BRSA may also impose administrative fines on shareholders who exercise their rights or acquire or transfer shares as 
described in the preceding paragraph without authorisation by the BRSA. In the case that the procedure to cancel such general 
assembly resolutions is not yet started, or such transfer of shares is not deemed appropriate by the BRSA even though the 
procedure to cancel such general assembly resolutions is started, then, upon the notification of the BRSA, the SDIF has the 
authority to exercise such voting and other shareholders’ rights (other than the right to collect dividends and priority rights) 
attributable to such shareholder. 
Lending Limits 
The Banking Law sets out certain lending limits for banks and other financial institutions designed to protect those 
institutions from excessive exposure to any one counterparty (or group of related counterparties). In particular: 
(a) Credits extended to a natural person, a legal entity or a risk group (as defined under Article 49 of the 
Banking Law) in the amounts of 10% or more of a bank’s shareholders’ equity are classified as large credits and the 
total of such credits cannot be more than eight times the bank’s shareholders’ equity.  
(b) The Banking Law restricts the total financial exposure (including extension of credits, issuance of 
guarantees, etc.) that a bank may have to any one customer or a risk group directly or indirectly to 25% of its equity 
capital. Furthermore, a bank, its shareholders holding 10% or more of the bank’s voting rights or the right to nominate 
board members, its board members, its general manager, its deputy general managers and, notwithstanding their title, 
its managers employed in equivalent or higher positions (in each case, and their respective spouses and children) and 
partnerships directly or indirectly, individually or jointly, controlled by any of such persons or a partnership in which 
such persons participate with unlimited liability or in which such persons act as a member of the board of directors or 
general managers constitute a risk group, for which the lending limits are reduced to 20% of a bank’s equity capital, 
subject to the BRSA’s discretion to increase such lending limits up to 25% or to lower it to the legal limit. 
(c) Loans extended to a bank’s shareholders (irrespective of whether they are controlling shareholders or they 
own qualified shares) registered with the share ledger of the bank holding more than 1% of the share capital of the 
bank and their risk groups may not exceed 50% of the bank’s capital equity. 
Non-cash loans, futures and option contracts and other similar contracts, avals, guarantees and suretyships, 
transactions carried out with credit institutions and other financial institutions, transactions carried out with the central

--- Page 133 ---
114 
governments, central banks and banks of the countries accredited with the BRSA, as well as bills, bonds and similar capital 
market instruments issued or guaranteed to be paid by them, and transactions carried out pursuant to such guarantees are taken 
into account for the purpose of calculation of loan limits within the framework of principles and ratios set by the BRSA. 
Pursuant to Article 55 of the Banking Law, the following transactions are exempt from the above-mentioned lending 
limits: 
(a) transactions backed by cash, cash-like instruments and accounts and precious metals, 
(b) transactions carried out with the Turkish Treasury, the Central Bank, the Privatisation Administration, 
the Housing Development Administration of Türkiye, Türkiye’s sovereign wealth fund (Türkiye Varlık Fonu)  and its 
management company (Türkiye Varlık Fonu Yönetimi A.Ş.) as well as transactions carried out against bills, bonds and 
other securities issued by or payment of which is guaranteed by these institutions, 
(c) transactions carried out in money markets established by the Central Bank or pursuant to special laws, 
(d) in the event a new loan is extended to the same Person or to the same risk group (but excluding checks 
and credit cards), any increase due to the volatility of exchange rates, taking into consideration the current exchange 
rate of the loans made available earlier in foreign currency (or exchange rate), at the date when the new loan was 
extended; as well as interest accrued on overdue loans, dividends and other elements, 
(e) equity participations acquired due to any capital increases at no cost and any increase in the value of 
equity participations not requiring any fund outflow, 
(f) transactions carried out among banks on the basis set out by the BRSA, 
(g) equity participations acquired through underwriting commitments in public offerings; provided that such 
participations are disposed of in a manner and at a time determined by the BRSA, 
(h) transactions that are taken into account as deductibles in calculation of equity, and 
(i) other transactions to be determined by the BRSA. 
Expected Credit Losses 
Pursuant to Article 53 of the Banking Law, banks must formulate, implement and regularly review policies regarding 
compensation for losses that have arisen or are likely to arise in connection with loans and other receivables and to reserve an 
adequate level of provisions against depreciation or impairment in the value of other assets, for qualification and classification 
of assets, receipt of guarantees and securities and measurement of their value and reliability. In addition, such policies must 
address issues such as monitoring loans under review, write-off of such loans in accordance with Turkish Financial Reporting 
Standards as published by the POA, follow-up procedures and the repayment (including restructuring) of loans. All special 
provisions set aside for loans in accordance with this article are considered to be expenditures deductible from the corporate 
tax base in the year in which they are set aside. Loans written off as per this article due to the loss of recovery possibility after 
setting aside special provisions are to be recorded as bad debt.  
Procedures relating to expected credit losses for NPLs are set out in Article 53 of the Banking Law and in regulations 
issued by the BRSA (principally through the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, which entered into force as of 
1 January 2018 and replaced the former regulation).

--- Page 134 ---
115 
Pursuant to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, banks are required to classify their loans and other 
receivables into one of the following groups: 
(a) Group I: Loans of a Standard Nature: This group involves each loan (which, for purposes of the 
Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, includes other receivables, and shall be understood as such 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus): 
(i) that has been disbursed to financially creditworthy natural persons and legal entities, 
(ii) the principal and interest payments of which have been structured according to the solvency and 
cash flow of the debtor, 
(iii) repayments of which have been made within due dates or have not been overdue for more than 
30 days, for which no repayment problems are expected in the future, and that have the ability to be collected 
in full without recourse to any collateral, 
(iv) for which no weakening of the creditworthiness of the applicable debtor has been found, and 
(v) to which 12 month expected credit loss reserve applies under TFRS 9. 
On 27 March 2020 (with retroactive effect from 17 March 2020), the BRSA (as part of the measures taken 
against the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic) announced a temporary rule (effective until 31 December 2020) 
providing that the 30 days referred to in clause (iii) is replaced with 90 days, resulting in a 60-day extension in the 
period for loans remaining categorised as Group I loans before being categorised as Group II loans. On 8 December 
2020, the BRSA extended this temporary rule until 30 June 2021, which (on 17 June 2021) was then further extended 
through 30 September 2021. On 16 September 2021, the BRSA announced that, notwithstanding the expiration of this 
temporary rule on 30 September 2021, it would still apply to loans classified (as per this provisional measure) as 
Group I loans that were overdue for more than 31 days but not more than 90 days as of 1 October 2021. 
(b) Group II: Loans Under Close Monitoring: This group involves each loan: 
(i) that has been extended to financially creditworthy natural persons and legal entities and where 
negative changes in the debtor’s solvency or cash flow have been observed or predicted due to adverse events 
in macroeconomic conditions or in the sector in which the debtor operates, or other adverse events solely 
related to the respective debtor, 
(ii) that needs to be closely monitored due to reasons such as significant financial risk carried by the 
debtor at the time of the utilisation of the loan, 
(iii) in connection with which problems are likely to occur as to principal and interest payments 
under the conditions of the loan agreement, and where such problems (in case not resolved) might result in 
non-payment risk before recourse to any collateral, 
(iv) although the creditworthiness of the debtor has not weakened in comparison with its 
creditworthiness on the day the loan is granted, there is likelihood of such weakening due to the debtor’s 
irregular and unmanageable cash flow, 
(v) the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which are overdue for more than 30 but 
less than 90 days following any payment due date (including the maturity date) for reasons that cannot be 
interpreted as a weakening in creditworthiness, 
(vi) in connection with which the credit risk of the debtor has notably increased pursuant to TFRS 9, 
(vii) repayments of which are fully dependent upon collateral and the net realisable value of such 
collateral falls under the receivable amount,

--- Page 135 ---
116 
(viii) that has been subject to restructuring when monitored under Group I or Group II without being 
subject to classification as an NPL, or 
(ix) that has been subject to restructuring while being monitored as an NPL and classified as a 
performing loan upon satisfaction of the relevant conditions stated in the regulation. 
On 27 March 2020 (with retroactive effect from 17 March 2020), the BRSA (as part of the measures taken 
against the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic) announced a temporary rule (effective until 31 December 2020) 
providing that the 30 days referred to in clause (v) is replaced with 90 days, resulting in a 60-day extension in the 
period for loans remaining categorised as Group I loans before being categorised as Group II loans. On 8 December 
2020, the BRSA extended this temporary rule until 30 June 2021, which (on 17 June 2021) was then further extended 
through 30 September 2021. On 16 September 2021, the BRSA announced that, notwithstanding the expiration of this 
temporary rule on 30 September 2021, it would still apply to loans classified (as per this provisional measure) as 
Group II loans that were overdue for more than 91 days but not more than 180 days as of 1 October 2021. 
(c) Group III: Loans with Limited Recovery: This group involves each loan: 
(i) in connection with which the debtor’s creditworthiness has weakened, 
(ii) that demonstrates limited possibility for the collection of the full amount due to the insufficiency 
of net realisable value of the collateral or the debtor’s resources to meet the collection of the full amount on 
the due date without any recourse to the collateral, and that would likely result in losses in case such problems 
are not resolved, 
(iii) collection of the principal and/or interest of which has/have been delayed for more than 90 days 
but not more than 180 days from the payment due date, 
(iv) in connection with which the bank is of the opinion that collection by the bank of the principal 
or interest of the loan or both will be delayed for more than 90 days from the payment due date owing to 
reasons such as the debtor’s difficulties in financing working capital or in creating additional liquidity as a 
result of adverse events in macroeconomic conditions or in the sector in which the debtor operates or other 
adverse events solely related to the debtor, or 
(v) that has been classified as a performing loan after restructuring but principal and/or interest 
payments of which have been overdue for more than 30 days within one year of restructuring or have been 
subject to another restructuring within a year of a previous restructuring. 
On 17 March 2020, the BRSA (as part of the measures taken against the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic) 
implemented a temporary rule (effective until 31 December 2020) providing that the 90 days referred to in clauses (iii) 
and (iv) are replaced with 180 days, resulting in loans remaining categorised as Group II loans longer. The temporary 
rule did not provide any guidance as to classification of loans with payment delays of more than 180 days; however, 
it might be the case that such loans would bypass Group III and become Group IV loans. This temporary rule also 
suspended the application of clause (v) through 31 December 2020. On 8 December 2020, the BRSA extended this 
temporary rule until 30 June 2021, which (other than the suspension of the application of clause (v)) was on 17 June 
2021 further extended through 30 September 2021. On 16 September 2021, the BRSA announced that, 
notwithstanding the expiration of this temporary rule on 30 September 2021, it would still apply to loans classified (as 
per this provisional measure) as Group II loans that were overdue for more than 91 days but not more than 180 days 
as of 1 October 2021. 
(d) Group IV: Loans with Suspicious Recovery: This group involves each loan: 
(i) principal and/or interest payments of which will probably not be repaid in full under the terms of 
the loan agreement without recourse to any collateral,

--- Page 136 ---
117 
(ii) in connection with which the debtor’s creditworthiness has significantly deteriorated, but which 
loan is not considered as an actual loss due to expected factors such as merger, the possibility of finding new 
financing or a capital increase to enhance the debtor’s creditworthiness or the possibility of the credit being 
collected, 
(iii) the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which has been overdue for more than 
180 days but less than one year following any payment due date (including the maturity date), or 
(iv) the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which is expected to be overdue for more 
than 180 days following any payment due date (including the maturity date) as a result of adverse events in 
macroeconomic conditions or in the sector in which the debtor operates or adverse events solely related to 
the debtor. 
(e) Group V: Loans Considered as Losses: This group involves each loan: 
(i) for which, as a result of the complete loss of the debtor’s creditworthiness, no collection is 
expected or only a negligible part of the total receivable amount is expected to be collected, 
(ii) although having the characteristics stated in Groups III and IV, the collection of the total 
receivable amount of which, albeit due and payable, is unlikely within a period exceeding one year, or 
(iii) the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which has been overdue for more than 
one year following any payment due date. 
Pursuant to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, the following loans are classified as NPLs: (a) 
loans that are classified under Groups III, IV and V, (b) loans the debtors of which are deemed to have defaulted pursuant to 
the Communiqué on the Calculation of Principal Subject to Credit Risk by Internal-Ratings Based Approaches (published in 
the Official Gazette dated 23 October 2015 and numbered 29511) or (c) loans to which, as a result of debtor’s default, the 
lifetime expected credit loss reserve applies under TFRS 9. Financial guarantees are also classified as NPLs on the basis of 
their nominal amounts in case where: (i) a risk of a compensation claim by the creditor has occurred or (ii) the debt assumed 
under the relevant financial guarantee falls within the scope of any of the circumstances stated in clause (a), (b) or (c). If several 
loans have been extended to a debtor by the same bank and any of these loans is classified as an NPL, then all other loans 
extended to such debtor by such bank shall also be classified as NPLs; however, for consumer loans, even if any of these loans 
is classified as an NPL, other consumer loans granted to the same debtor may be classified in the respective applicable group 
other than Group I. According to the decisions of the BRSA dated 15 November 2018 and numbered 8095 and dated 1 August 
2019 and numbered 5477, KGF-guaranteed loans (which are supported by the Turkish Treasury) and loans restructured within 
the scope of the Framework Agreement will not be classified as NPLs unless there is an overdue amount for more than 90 days 
following the due date; however, pursuant to March 2020 amendments to the rules, the 90 day limit was increased to 180 days 
until 31 December 2020. On 8 December 2020, the BRSA extended this temporary rule until 30 June 2021, which (on 17 June 
2021) was then further extended through 30 September 2021. On 16 September 2021, the BRSA announced that, 
notwithstanding the expiration of this temporary rule on 30 September 2021, it would still apply to loans that were overdue for 
more than 91 days but not more than 180 days as of 1 October 2021. On 8 July 2021, the BRSA published amendments to the 
Regulation on Loan Transactions of Banks, pursuant to which amendments a resolution mechanism regarding restructured 
loans and NPLs is required to be implemented by banks whose gross NPLs are equal to or exceed 0.5% of the total NPLs in 
the Turkish banking sector. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is in the process of implementing such resolution 
mechanism as its NPLs exceed the relevant threshold. 
On 27 November 2019, the BRSA published an amendment to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, 
which was retroactively made effective from 19 July 2019. According to this amendment, if the portion of a loan for which a 
lifelong expected loan loss provision or special provision has been set aside due to the debtor’s default and that is classified 
under Group V is not reasonably expected to be recovered, then such portion/loan may (as an accounting matter) be written 
down within the scope of TFRS 9 as of the first fiscal reporting period following its classification under Group V. On 6 July 
2021, the BRSA further amended the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, pursuant to which amendments banks 
are allowed to write-down such portion/loan within a period that is deemed appropriate by the bank; however, banks are 
required to justify and record the relevant time period and have the relevant documents available for audit.

--- Page 137 ---
118 
The Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation includes detailed rules and criteria in relation to concepts of 
the “reclassification” and “restructuring” of loans. The reclassification of NPLs as performing loans is subject to the following 
conditions: (a) all overdue repayments that have caused the relevant loan to be classified as an NPL have been collected in full 
without any recourse to any security, (b) as of the date of the reclassification, there has not been any overdue repayment and 
the last two repayments preceding such date (except the repayments mentioned in clause (a)) have been realised in full by their 
due date, and (c) conditions for such loans to be classified under Group I or II have been fulfilled. Furthermore, loans that have 
been fully or partially written-down by the banks in their assets, security for which loans has been enforced to satisfy the debt 
or repayment of which has been made in kind, cannot be classified as a performing loan. On 6 July 2021, the BRSA introduced 
amendments to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, pursuant to which amendments banks are required to 
keep the criteria for reclassification of NPLs in written form and make the relevant documents available for audit. According 
to non-public BRSA decisions dated 8 November 2019 and 8 December 2020, loans that are partially repaid through the 
foreclosure on collateral or have been paid in kind were exempt from this regulation through 30 June 2021. 
The restructuring of a loan consists of: (a) amendments to the conditions of the loan agreement or (b) partial or full 
refinancing of the loan. In this respect, an NPL may be reclassified as a restructured loan under Group II subject to the following 
conditions: (i) upon evaluation of the financial standing of the debtor, it has been determined that the conditions for the 
applicable loan to be classified as an NPL have disappeared, (ii) the loan has been monitored as an NPL at least for one year 
following restructuring, (iii) as of the date of reclassification as a Group II loan, there has not been any delay in principal and/or 
interest payments nor are there any expectation of any such delay in the future, and (iv) overdue payments and/or written-down 
principal payments in relation to the restructured loan have been collected. According to a non-public BRSA decision on 
8 November 2019, the one year period described in clause (ii) was reduced to six months; however, per the decision of the 
BRSA dated 17 June 2021, such rule was terminated as of 30 June 2021. Furthermore, such restructured NPL being reclassified 
as a performing Group II loan may be excluded from the scope of the restructuring if all the following conditions are met: (A) 
such loan has been monitored as a restructured loan under Group II at least for one year, (B) at least 10% of the outstanding 
debt amount has been repaid during such one year monitoring period, (C) there has not been any delay of more than 30 days in 
principal and/or interest payments of any loan extended to the applicable debtor during such monitoring period and (D) the 
financial difficulty that led to the restructuring of the loan no longer exists. Pursuant to the Classification of Loans and 
Provisions Regulation, banks applying TFRS 9 may reclassify their performing loans, which had been previously classified as 
restructured loans under Group II, under Group I again following a minimum three month monitoring period, subject to the 
satisfaction of the requirements listed under clauses (C) and (D) above (regardless of the conditions under clauses (A) and (B) 
stated above). In addition, the modification of a contract and/or partially or totally refinancing a Group I loan of a debtor who 
is not in financial difficulty is not considered to be a restructuring and such loans can continue to be classified under Group I. 
Pursuant to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, the general rule is that banks shall apply provisions 
for their loans pursuant to TFRS 9; however, the BRSA may, on an exceptional basis, authorise a bank to apply the applicable 
provisions set forth in the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation instead of those required by TFRS 9, subject to 
the presence of detailed and acceptable grounds. With respect to the requirements under TFRS 9, “twelve-months expected 
credit loss reserve” and “lifetime expected credit loss reserve set aside due to significant increase in credit risk profile of the 
debtor” are considered as general provisions while “lifetime expected credit loss reserve set aside due to debtor’s default” is 
considered as special provisions. 
Under Articles 10 and 11 of the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, banks that have been authorised 
not to apply provisions under TFRS 9 are required to set aside general provisions for at least 1.5% and 3.0% of their total cash 
loans portfolio under Groups I and II, respectively. For non-cash loans, undertakings and derivatives, general provisions to be 
set aside are calculated by applying the foregoing percentages to the risk-weighted amounts determined pursuant to the Capital 
Adequacy Regulation. Subject to the presence of a written pledge or assignment agreement, loans secured with cash, deposit, 
participation funds and gold deposit accounts, bonds that are issued by the Turkish government (including the Central Bank) 
and guarantees and sureties provided by such are not subject to the general set aside calculation. Loans extended to the Turkish 
government (including the Central Bank) are not required to be considered in such calculation. As to special provisions, banks 
are required to set aside provisions for NPLs under Groups III, IV and V of at least 20%, 50%, and 100%, respectively, of the 
incurred credit loss. 
For general provisions, banks are required to set aside provisions (separately) as per country risks and transfer risks, 
and, for special provisions, banks are required to consider country risks and transfer risks. In addition, the BRSA may increase 
such provision requirements for certain banks or loans taking into account the concentration, from time to time, of matters such

--- Page 138 ---
119 
as the size, type, due date, currency, interest structure, sector to which loans are extended, geographic circumstances, collateral 
and the credit risk level and management. 
Regarding the monitoring of security by the banks that have been authorised not to apply provisions under TFRS 9, 
the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation increased the number of categories on collaterals (from four to five), 
amended the content of such categories, and amended the proportions to be deducted, in order to determine the net realisable 
values of the collaterals, from the borrower’s NPLs as follows: 
Category 
Discount Rate 
Category I collateral....................
100%
Category II collateral ..................
80%
Category III collateral.................
60%
Category IV collateral.................
40%
Category V collateral .................
20%
According to amendments to the Equity Regulation and the Capital Adequacy Regulation that became effective as of 
1 January 2022, general provisions would, from that date, no longer be allowed to be included in a bank’s supplementary capital 
(i.e., tier 2 capital); however, on 24 December 2021, the BRSA revoked these amendments. As such, these general provisions 
are included in supplementary capital and not deducted from a bank’s risk-weighted assets. 
Capital Adequacy 
Article 45 of the Banking Law defines “capital adequacy” as having adequate capital against losses that could arise 
from the risks encountered. Pursuant to the same article, banks must calculate, achieve, maintain and report their capital 
adequacy ratio, which, within the framework of the BRSA’s regulations, cannot be less than 8% (excluding capital buffers). In 
addition, as a prudential requirement, the BRSA requires a target capital adequacy ratio that is 4% higher than the regulatory 
capital ratio of 8% (in each case, excluding capital buffers). 
The BRSA is authorised to increase the minimum capital adequacy ratio and the minimum consolidated capital 
adequacy ratio, to set different ratios for each bank and to revise risk weights of assets that are based upon participation 
accounts, but must consider each bank’s internal systems as well as its asset and financial structures.  
The Equity Regulation defines capital of a bank as the sum of: (a) principal capital (i.e., tier 1 capital), which is 
composed of core capital (i.e., CET1 capital) and additional principal capital (i.e., additional tier 1 capital) and (b) 
supplementary capital (i.e., tier 2 capital) minus capital deductions. Pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulation, which entered 
into force on 31 March 2016: (i) both the unconsolidated and consolidated minimum CET1 capital adequacy ratios are 4.5% 
and (ii) both unconsolidated and consolidated minimum tier 1 capital adequacy ratios are 6.0%. 
The BRSA published several new regulations and communiqués or amendments to its existing regulations and 
communiqués (as published in the Official Gazette No. 29511 dated 23 October 2015 and No. 29599 dated 20 January 2016) 
in accordance with the Regulatory Consistency Assessment Programme (“RCAP”) of the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision (the “Basel Committee”), which is conducted by the Bank for International Settlements (the “BIS”) with a view to 
ensure Türkiye’s compliance with Basel regulations. These included amendments to the Equity Regulation and the entry into 
force of the Capital Adequacy Regulation, both on 31 March 2016. The Capital Adequacy Regulation sustained the capital 
adequacy ratios introduced by the former regulation but changed the risk weights of certain items, including: (a) the risk weights 
of foreign currency-denominated required reserves held with the Central Bank from 0% to 50%; however, on 24 February 2017, 
the BRSA amended its guidance to allow foreign exchange-denominated required reserves held with the Central Bank to be 
subject to a 0% risk weight, and (b) the exclusion of the general reserve for possible losses from capital calculations. If, during 
a fiscal period, free provisions recorded during previous fiscal periods are reversed, then the net income for such later period 
is increased by the amount of such reversals, which thus increases shareholders’ equity. 
The Capital Adequacy Regulation also lowered the risk weights of certain assets and credit conversion factors, 
including reducing: (a) the risk weights of residential mortgage loans from 50% to 35%, (b) the risk weights of consumer loans 
(excluding residential mortgage loans) qualifying as retail loans (perakende alacaklar) in accordance with the Capital 
Adequacy Regulation and instalment payments of credit cards from a range of 100% to 250% (depending upon their outstanding

--- Page 139 ---
120 
tenor) to 75% (irrespective of their tenor) (on 1 July 2021, the BRSA increased the risk weighting for consumer credit card 
instalment payments and consumer cash loans (excluding mortgage loans and auto loans) issued after 1 July 2021 to a range of 
100% to 150% depending upon their tenor); provided that such receivables are not reclassified as NPLs, and (c) the credit 
conversion factors of commitments for credit cards and overdrafts from 20% to 0%. As of 7 February 2017, the BRSA 
published a decision that enables banks to use 0% risk weightings for Turkish Lira-denominated exposures guaranteed by the 
KGF and supported by the Turkish Treasury. On 12 June 2018, the BRSA announced its decision (dated 7 June 2018 and 
numbered 7841) to amend the per customer total risk limit for loans described in clause (b), which is the upper limit for such 
loans subjected to the 75% risk weight, from TL 4,200,000 to TL 5,500,000, which was then increased to TL 7,000,000 on 
18 January 2019, TL 10,000,000 on 21 December 2021 and TL 20,000,000 on 31 January 2023. In response to the COVID-19 
pandemic, on 23 March 2020 and 16 April 2020, the BRSA announced regulatory forbearance measures that allow banks to: 
(i) use in their calculations of risk-weighted assets for credit risk exposures from March 2020 through 31 December 2020 (as 
per the decision dated 8 December 2020, extended through 30 June 2021) the foreign exchange rates that are used in their 2019 
year-end financial statements, (ii) use 0% risk weightings for foreign currency-denominated receivables owed by the centralised 
administration (i.e., Turkish state institutions and other public institutions that do not have a separate legal entity and act under 
the legal entity of the Turkish sovereign) while calculating the amount of exposure subject to credit risk in accordance with the 
standardised approach as determined under the Capital Adequacy Regulation and (iii) calculate the level of capital used in 
capital adequacy ratio calculations by disregarding through 31 December 2020 (as per the BRSA’s decision dated 8 December 
2020, extended through 30 June 2021) the negative net valuation differences related to securities held as of 23 March 2020 in 
the portfolio of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income; however, on 17 June 2021, the BRSA 
indefinitely suspended the application of clause (iii) from 30 June 2021, and, as per its decision dated 21 December 2021, ended 
the suspension other than for the “securities whose fair value difference is reflected in other comprehensive income” were 
negative as of 21 December 2021 (for “securities after 21 December 2021 whose fair value difference is reflected in other 
comprehensive income,” the relevant provisions of the Regulation on Banks’ Equity will continue to be implemented) and, as 
for the application of clause (i), determined that until such date as determined by the BRSA, banks may use the average of the 
Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates during the 252 business days before the calculation date when calculating the 
risk-weighted amounts of credit risk exposures and the relevant special provision amounts as per TFRS for both cash and non-
cash assets other than assets in foreign currency measured on a historical cost basis instead of using the relevant foreign 
exchange buying rate as of the calculation date (on 21 December 2021, the BRSA announced that, as of 1 January 2022 until 
otherwise determined by the BRSA, banks shall (if using this approach) use the average of the Central Bank’s foreign exchange 
buying rates during the 252 business days ending on 31 December 2021; on 28 April 2022, the BRSA amended this rule so 
that, until such date as determined by the BRSA, banks may use the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates as of 
31 December 2021 in certain capital and other calculations, and on 31 January 2023 the BRSA further amended this rule so 
that, until such date as determined by the BRSA, banks may use the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates as of 
30 December 2022 in such calculations). 
On 1 July 2021, the BRSA increased the risk-weights applicable for personal credit cards and consumer loans provided 
after such date from 75% to 100% or 150% depending upon the remaining maturity of the relevant receivables. 
On 28 April 2022, the BRSA increased the risk-weights applicable to commercial cash loans provided after 1 May 
2022 from a range of 20-150% to 200%; provided that the following are excluded: (a) loans provided to SMEs, financial 
institutions, individuals and/or certain governmental authorities and their subsidiaries and (b) export and investment loans, 
agricultural loans and corporate credit cards. On 14 February 2023, as a result of two large earthquakes in Kahramanmaraş on 
6 February 2023 that affected 10 different cities, the BRSA announced that such risk-weights shall (until 1 January 2024) not 
be applied to the personal credit cards and consumer loans and commercial cash loans provided after 6 February 2023 to 
customers located in the cities affected by such earthquakes. On 23 February 2023, the BRSA extended such provisional 
measures to other regions that satisfy certain criteria to be considered disaster areas. 
On 23 June and 7 July 2022, the BRSA also increased the risk weights applicable to: (i) Turkish Lira- and foreign 
currency-denominated commercial cash loans to be utilised by Turkish legal or natural residents who have performed derivative 
transactions with non-residents after 23 June 2022 and (ii) Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans utilised after 
30 June 2022 if the lending bank determines that the documents provided by the borrower are inadequate according to the 
BRSA’s limitations on borrowings by companies with foreign currency-denominated assets above a certain threshold, in each 
case to 500% regardless of their credit risk mitigation technique, mortgage or credit rating notes. 
Amendments to the Equity Regulation introduced certain limitations to the items that are included in the capital 
calculations of banks that have issued additional tier 1 and tier 2 instruments prior to 1 January 2014. According to these

--- Page 140 ---
121 
amendments, tier 2 instruments that were issued (among others) after 1 January 2013 are included in tier 2 calculations only if 
they satisfy all of the Tier 2 Conditions. 
On 11 July 2017, clause 9(8)(b) of the Equity Regulation was repealed. In this context, the excess amount mentioned 
in Article 57 of the Banking Law (i.e., “the total book value of the real property owned by a bank cannot exceed 50% of its 
capital base”), and the commodity goods and properties that banks acquire due to their receivables (e.g., foreclosed-upon 
collateral) but have not disposed within three years, are no longer deducted from a bank’s capital base. 
In 2013, the BRSA published the Regulation on Capital Conservation and Countercyclical Capital Buffers, which 
entered into force on 1 January 2014 and provides additional core capital requirements both on a consolidated and 
unconsolidated basis. Pursuant to this regulation, the additional core capital requirements are to be calculated by the 
multiplication of the amount of risk-weighted assets by the sum of a capital conservation buffer ratio and bank-specific 
countercyclical buffer ratio. According to this regulation, the capital conservation buffer for banks was set at 1.875% for 2018 
and 2.500% for 2019 and thereafter. Pursuant to decisions of the BRSA, the countercyclical capital buffer required for Turkish 
banks’ exposures in Türkiye was initially set at 0% of a bank’s risk-weighted assets in Türkiye; however, such ratio might 
fluctuate between 0% and 2.5% as announced from time to time by the BRSA. Any increase to the countercyclical capital 
buffer ratio is to be effective one year after the relevant public announcement, whereas any reduction is to be effective as of 
the date of the relevant public announcement. 
In 2013, the BRSA also published the Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of Leverage Levels of Banks 
(which entered into force on 1 January 2014 with the exception of certain provisions that entered into effect on 1 January 2015), 
seeking to constrain leverage in the banking system and ensure maintenance of adequate equity on a consolidated and 
unconsolidated basis against leverage risks (including measurement error in the risk-based capital measurement approach). 
In February 2016, the BRSA issued the D-SIBs Regulation in line with the Basel Committee standards, introducing a 
methodology for assessing the degree to which banks are considered to be systemically important to the Turkish domestic 
market and setting out the additional capital requirements for those banks classified as D-SIBs. The contemplated methodology 
uses an indicator-based approach to identify and classify D-SIBs in Türkiye under four different categories: size, 
interconnectedness, lack of substitutability and complexity. Initially, a score for each bank is to be calculated based upon their 
2014 year-end consolidated financial statements by assessing each bank’s position against a threshold score to be determined 
by the BRSA. The D-SIBs Regulation requires banks identified as D-SIBs to maintain a capital buffer depending upon their 
respective classification. These buffers are applied as 3% for Group 4 banks, 2% for Group 3 banks, 1.5% for Group 2 banks 
and 1% for Group 1 banks. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is classified as a Group 1 D-SIB under the D-SIBs 
Regulation. 
Furthermore, the Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios seeks to ensure that a bank maintains an adequate level of 
unencumbered, high-quality liquid assets that can be converted into cash to meet its liquidity needs for a 30 calendar day period. 
The Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios provides that the ratio of the high quality asset stock to the net cash outflows, 
both of which are calculated in line with the regulation, cannot be lower than 100% in respect of total consolidated and 
unconsolidated liquidity and 80% in respect of consolidated and unconsolidated foreign exchange liquidity; however, pursuant 
to the BRSA Decision on Liquidity Ratios, for the period between 5 January 2015 and 31 December 2015, such ratios were 
applied as 60% and 40%, respectively, and such ratios were increased by 10 percentage points for each year from 1 January 
2016 until 1 January 2019. The BRSA Decision on Liquidity Ratios further provides that a 0% liquidity adequacy ratio limit 
applies to deposit banks. On 15 August 2017, the BRSA revised from 50% to 100% the ratio of required reserves held with the 
Central Bank that can be included in liquidity calculations. Unconsolidated total and foreign currency liquidity coverage ratios 
cannot be non-compliant more than six times within a calendar year, which includes non-compliances that have already been 
remedied. 
Pursuant to the Equity Regulation, if a Turkish bank invests in debt instruments of other banks or financial institutions 
that are already invested in that Turkish bank’s additional tier 1 or tier 2 capital, then the amount of such debt instrument (and 
their issuance premia) are required to be deducted when calculating that Turkish bank’s additional tier 1 or tier 2 capital (as 
applicable). 
On 7 June 2018, the BRSA published the Communiqué on Debt Instruments to be included in the Calculation of 
Banks’ Equity, which sets forth procedures and principles for the write-up and write-down of the debt instruments or loans that

--- Page 141 ---
122 
are included in the calculation of banks’ equity (i.e., additional tier 1 and tier 2 capital) as well as procedures and principles 
related to conversion of such debt instruments into shares. 
See also a discussion of the implementation of Basel III in “-Basel Committee - Basel III” below. 
Tier 2 Rules 
According to the Equity Regulation, which came into force on 1 January 2014, tier 2 capital shall be calculated by 
subtracting capital deductions from general provisions that are set aside for receivables and/or the surplus of provisions and 
capital deductions with respect to expected loss amounts for receivables (as the case may be, depending upon the method used 
by the bank to calculate the credit risk amounts of the applicable receivables) and the debt instruments that have been approved 
by the BRSA upon the application of the board of directors of the applicable bank along with a written statement confirming 
compliance of the debt instruments with the conditions set forth below and their issuance premia (the “Tier 2 Conditions”): 
(a) the debt instrument shall have been issued by the bank and approved by the CMB and shall have been 
fully collected in cash, 
(b) in the event of dissolution of the bank, the debt instrument shall have priority over debt instruments that 
are included in additional tier 1 capital and shall be subordinated with respect to rights of deposit holders and all other 
creditors, 
(c) the debt instrument shall not be related to any derivative operation or contract, nor shall it be tied to any 
guarantee or security, in one way or another, directly or indirectly, in a manner that violates the condition stated in 
clause (b), 
(d) the debt instrument must have an initial maturity of at least five years and shall not include any provision 
that may incentivise prepayment, such as dividends and increase of interest rate, 
(e) if the debt instrument includes a prepayment option, such option shall be exercisable no earlier than five 
years after issuance and only with the approval of the BRSA; approval of the BRSA is subject to the following 
conditions: 
(i) the bank should not create any market expectation that the option will be exercised by the bank, 
and 
(ii)(A) the debt instrument shall be replaced by another debt instrument either of the same quality 
or higher quality, and such replacement shall not have a restrictive effect on the bank’s ability to sustain its 
operations or (B) following the exercise of the option, the equity of the bank shall exceed the higher of: (1) 
the capital adequacy requirement that is to be calculated pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulation along 
with the BRSA’s Regulation on Capital Conservation and Countercyclical Capital Buffers published on 
5 November 2013, (2) the capital requirement derived as a result of an ICAAP of the bank and (3) the higher 
capital requirement set by the BRSA (if any); 
however, if tax legislation or other regulations are materially amended, a prepayment option may be exercised; 
provided that the above conditions in this clause (e) are met and the BRSA approves, 
(f) the debt instrument shall not provide investors with the right to demand early amortisation except for 
during a bankruptcy or dissolution process relating to the issuer, 
(g) the debt instrument’s dividend or interest payments shall not be linked to the creditworthiness of the 
issuer, 
(h) the debt instrument shall not be: (i) purchased by the issuer or by corporations controlled by the issuer or 
significantly under the influence of the issuer or (ii) assigned to such entities, and its purchase shall not be directly or 
indirectly financed by the issuer itself,

--- Page 142 ---
123 
(i) if there is a possibility that the bank’s operating licence would be cancelled or the probability of the 
transfer of the management of the bank to the SDIF arises pursuant to Article 71 of the Banking Law due to the losses 
incurred by the bank, then removal of the debt instrument from the bank’s records or the debt instrument’s conversion 
to share certificates for the absorption of the loss would be possible if the BRSA so decides, 
(j) in the event that the debt instrument has not been issued by the bank itself or one of its consolidated 
entities, the amounts obtained from the issuance shall be immediately transferred without any restriction to the bank 
or its consolidated entity (as the case may be) in accordance with the rules listed above, and 
(k) the repayment of the principal of the debt instrument before its maturity is subject to the approval of the 
BRSA and the approval of the BRSA is subject to the same conditions as the exercise of the prepayment option as 
described in clause (e). 
Loans (as opposed to securities) that have been approved by the BRSA upon the application of the board of directors 
of the applicable bank accompanied by a written statement confirming that all of the Tier 2 Conditions (except for the CMB 
approval condition stated in clause (a) of the Tier 2 Conditions) are met also can be included in tier 2 capital calculations. 
In addition to the conditions that need to be met before including debt instruments and loans in the calculation of tier 2 
capital, the Equity Regulation also provides a limit for inclusion of general provisions to be set aside for receivables and/or the 
surplus of provisions and capital deductions with respect to expected loss amounts of receivables; however, the portion of 
surplus of this amount that exceeds general provisions is not taken into consideration in calculating the tier 2 capital. 
Furthermore, in addition to the Tier 2 Conditions stated above, the BRSA may require new conditions for each debt 
instrument and the procedure and principles regarding the removal of the debt instrument from the bank’s records or the debt 
instrument’s conversion to share certificates are determined by the BRSA. 
Under Article 8(2)(ğ) of the Equity Regulation, to be eligible for inclusion as tier 2 capital, it must be possible pursuant 
to the terms of such capital that such capital be written down and/or converted into equity of the relevant bank upon the decision 
of the BRSA in the event that it is probable that: (a) the operating licence of such bank may be revoked or (b) shareholders’ 
rights (except to dividends) and the management and supervision of such bank may be transferred to the SDIF, in each case 
pursuant to Article 71 of the Banking Law. 
Debt instruments and loans that are approved by the BRSA are included in accounts of tier 2 capital as of the date of 
transfer to the relevant accounts in the applicable bank’s records. Loans and debt instruments that have been included in tier 2 
capital calculations and that have less than five years to maturity shall be included in tier 2 capital calculations after being 
reduced by 20% each year. 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Rules 
Under Article 7(2)(i) of the Equity Regulation, in order for a debt to qualify as additional tier 1 capital of a bank, the 
bank must be entitled pursuant to the terms of that debt to write-down or convert into equity (but not necessarily both) such 
debt upon the CET1 capital adequacy ratio(s) of such bank, on a consolidated or non-consolidated basis, falling below 5.125%. 
In such a case, such bank is required to promptly notify the BRSA and an amount of such debt must be written-down and/or 
converted into equity, in each case to the extent necessary so as to restore the applicable such CET1 capital adequacy ratio(s) 
to at least 5.125%. As a result of such a write-down: (a) in the event of the liquidation of the bank, the claims of the holders of 
such debt must be reducible via write-down, (b) in the event of the exercise of the redemption option, the amount redeemed 
will be the then-outstanding principal amount (i.e., after any write-downs and write-ups) as opposed to their original principal 
amount, and (c) dividend and interest payments on such debt must be partially or completely cancellable. 
In addition, Article 7(2)(j) of the Equity Regulation provides that, in order for a debt to qualify as additional tier 1 
capital, it must be possible, pursuant to the terms of that debt, for such debt to be written down or converted into equity (but 
not necessarily both) upon the decision of the BRSA if it is probable that: (a) the bank’s operating licence might be revoked or 
(b) such bank may be transferred to the SDIF, in each case pursuant to Article 71 of the Banking Law.

--- Page 143 ---
124 
Prior to any determination of non-viability of a bank under Article 71 of the Banking Law, the BRSA may require a 
number of corrective, rehabilitative and/or restrictive actions to be taken by the bank in accordance with Articles 68, 69 and 70 
of the Banking Law, including as described in “-Cancellation of Banking License.” In the event that: (a) such actions are not 
(in whole or in part) taken by such bank within a period of time set forth by the BRSA or in any case within 12 months, (b) the 
financial structure of such bank cannot be strengthened despite its having taken such actions, (c) it is determined that taking 
these actions will not lead to the strengthening of the bank’s financial structure, (d) the continuation of the activities of such 
bank would jeopardise the rights of the depositors and the participation account owners and the security and stability of the 
financial system, (e) such bank cannot cover its liabilities as they become due, (f) the total amount of the liabilities of such 
bank exceeds the total amount of its assets or (g) the controlling shareholders or directors of such bank are found to have utilised 
such bank’s resources for their own interests, directly or indirectly or fraudulently, in a manner that jeopardised the secure 
functioning of the bank or caused such bank to sustain a loss as a result of such misuse, then the BRSA may determine that 
such bank is non-viable under Article 71 of the Banking Law. 
Calculation of Additional Tier 1 Capital. According to the Equity Regulation, the amount of additional tier 1 capital 
shall be calculated by subtracting capital deductions from the sum of: (a) shares with preferential rights that are not included 
in CET1 capital (except for such shares that require the distribution of dividends in the future), (b) share premia resulting from 
the issuance of such shares with preferential rights and (c) debt that has been approved by the BRSA (and related issuance 
premia) as eligible for inclusion in the calculation of additional tier 1 capital. The Equity Regulation sets out that, in order for 
a debt instrument to be included in the calculation of additional tier 1 capital, the following conditions need to be met: 
(a) such debt instrument shall have been issued by the bank and approved by the CMB and shall have been 
fully collected in cash, 
(b) in the event of dissolution of such bank, such debt instrument shall be subordinated with respect to debt 
that is included in tier 2 capital and rights of deposit holders and all other creditors (other than other additional tier 1 
capital), 
(c) such debt instrument shall not be linked to any derivative operation or contract, nor shall it be linked to 
any guarantee or security (in Turkish: teminat), in one way or another, directly or indirectly, in a manner that violates 
the condition stated in clause (b), 
(d) such debt instrument shall not have a maturity and shall not include any provision that may incentivise 
redemption, such as dividends and increase of interest rate, 
(e) if such debt instrument includes a redemption option, then such option shall be exercisable no earlier 
than five years after issuance and only with the approval of the BRSA; approval of the BRSA is subject to the 
following conditions: 
(i) such bank should not create any market expectation that the option will be exercised by the 
bank, and either 
(ii) such debt instrument shall be replaced by another debt instrument either of the same quality 
or higher quality, and such replacement shall not have a restrictive effect on such bank’s ability to 
sustain its operations, or 
(iii) following the exercise of the option, the equity of such bank shall exceed the higher of: (A) 
the capital adequacy requirement that is to be calculated pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulation 
along with the BRSA’s Regulation on Capital Conservation and Countercyclical Capital Buffers 
published on 5 November 2013, (B) the capital requirement derived as a result of an ICAAP of such 
bank and (C) the higher capital requirement set by the BRSA (if any); 
however, if tax legislation or other regulations are materially amended, a redemption option may be 
exercised; provided that the above conditions in this clause (e) are met and the BRSA approves,

--- Page 144 ---
125 
(f) the redemption of the principal of such debt instrument shall be subject to approval of the BRSA, in which 
case the BRSA would seek the conditions stated in clause (e) to be met, 
(g) the bank shall be entitled to cancel the interest and dividend payments on such debt instrument and, if it 
exercises such right, then it shall not have an obligation to pay the difference between the amount set out in the terms 
of such debt instrument and the amount actually paid in subsequent periods (even in case of non-payment), 
cancellation of payments shall not be considered as default, such bank shall be entitled to use at its own discretion the 
amounts corresponding to the cancelled payments and the cancellation shall not have any restricting effect on such 
bank except with respect to payments to be made to its shareholders, 
(h) dividend or interest payments on such debt instrument may be made only out of the items that may be 
used for dividend distribution, 
(i) such debt instrument’s dividend and interest payments shall not be linked to the creditworthiness of such 
bank, 
(j) such debt instrument shall not be: (i) purchased by such bank or by corporations controlled by such bank 
or significantly under the influence of such bank or (ii) assigned to such entities, and its purchase shall not be directly 
or indirectly financed by such bank itself, 
(k) such debt instrument shall not possess any features hindering any new equity issuance, 
(l) such bank must be entitled, pursuant to the terms of the debt instrument, to write-down or convert into 
equity (but not necessarily both) such debt instrument if the CET1 capital adequacy ratio of the bank (on a consolidated 
or non-consolidated basis) falls below 5.125%, in each case to the extent necessary so as to restore the applicable such 
CET1 capital adequacy ratio(s) to at least 5.125%; as a result of such a write-down: (i) in the event of the liquidation 
of the bank, the claims of the holders of such debt instrument must be reducible via write-down, (ii) in the event of 
any redemption of such debt instrument, the amount redeemed will be the then-outstanding principal amount (i.e., 
after any write-downs and write-ups) as opposed to their original principal amount, and (iii) dividend and interest 
payments on such debt instrument must be partially or completely cancellable, 
(m) if there is a possibility that such bank’s operating licence would be cancelled or the probability of the 
transfer of such bank to the SDIF arises pursuant to Article 71 of the Banking Law due to the losses incurred by the 
bank, then such debt instrument shall be subject to being written down or converted into equity (but not necessarily 
both) for the absorption of the loss if the BRSA so decides, and 
(n) in the event that such debt instrument has not been issued by such bank itself or one of its consolidated 
entities, the amounts obtained from the issuance shall be immediately transferred without any restriction to such bank 
or the applicable consolidated entity (as the case may be) in accordance with the rules listed above. 
In addition to debt instruments issued by the bank and approved by the CMB (as stated in clause (a)), loans that have been 
approved by the BRSA upon the application of the board of directors of the applicable bank accompanied by a written 
statement confirming that all of these conditions (except for the condition stated in clause (a) regarding debt instruments issued 
by the bank and approved by the CMB) are met also can be included in the calculation of the amount of additional tier 1 
capital. 
In addition to these conditions, the BRSA may also require other conditions to be met in respect of a debt, including 
in connection with the procedures relating to the write-down or conversion into equity of such debt. 
Debt instruments and loans that are approved by the BRSA are included in the calculation of the amount of additional 
tier 1 capital as of the date of transfer of the proceeds thereof to the relevant accounts in the applicable bank’s records. When 
applying with respect to a bank the measures set out under Article 71 of the Banking Law, the BRSA is not to take into account 
as liabilities of such bank the debt instruments and loans included in the calculation of additional tier 1 capital of such bank.

--- Page 145 ---
126 
The Equity Regulation provides that the BRSA is to determine the rules and procedures with respect to the write-
down or conversion into equity of debt included in additional tier 1 capital. Accordingly, on 7 June 2018, the BRSA published 
the Communiqué on Debt Instruments to be included in the Calculation of Banks’ Equity (the “Regulatory Capital 
Communiqué”). The Regulatory Capital Communiqué is intended to align the Turkish additional tier 1 framework with 
European practices and imposed certain new requirements on banks. 
Regulatory Capital Communiqué. The Regulatory Capital Communiqué stipulates that the debt included in additional 
tier 1 capital must be subject to write-off, write-down and conversion into equity before the debt included in tier 2 capital of 
the banks. Pursuant to the Regulatory Capital Communiqué, if there are multiple additional tier 1 instruments included in the 
additional tier 1 capital of a bank, then the write-off, write-down or conversion into equity of such additional tier 1 instruments 
is to be carried out on a pro rata basis based upon each such additional tier 1 instrument’s portion in the total value of the 
additional tier 1 instruments of such bank that are included in the additional tier 1 capital of such bank. Interest and dividend 
distributions on, and redemptions of, additional tier 1 instruments that have been partially converted into equity or written-
down are to take into account the outstanding amount after such conversion into equity or write-down. 
The Regulatory Capital Communiqué also provides for a potentially non-permanent write-down of additional tier 1 
instruments upon the CET1 capital adequacy ratio of a bank, on a consolidated or non-consolidated basis, falling below 
5.125%. In terms of this write-down procedure, a bank is required to immediately notify the BRSA and the holders of such 
additional tier 1 instruments of the occurrence of such event. An issuer will determine the amount to be written down and/or 
converted into equity, without prejudice to any authority that the Banking Law grants to the BRSA. 
In the case of additional tier 1 instruments that provide for such a write-down of debt on a non-permanent basis, the 
terms of such additional tier 1 instrument will include provisions for the potential write-up of such written-down amount; 
however, according to the Regulatory Capital Communiqué, a write-up is not possible for additional tier 1 instruments that 
have been written down for other reasons. In addition, the Regulatory Capital Communiqué requires that the following 
conditions (among others) be satisfied for any such write-up: 
(a) a write-up can be effected only to the extent that a positive distributable net profit was calculated based 
upon the most recent fiscal year of the applicable bank, 
(b) the sum of the write-up amount and the dividend or coupon payments made with respect to the written-
down principal amount must not be more than the distributable net profit of the applicable bank multiplied by the 
result of: (i) the sum of the aggregate initial principal amount of the additional tier 1 instruments and the aggregate 
initial principal amount of all written-down additional tier 1 instruments of such bank divided by (ii) the total tier 1 
capital of such bank, each as of the date of the relevant write-up, 
(c) the write-up must be effected on a pro rata basis with the other written-down additional tier 1 instruments 
of such bank, and 
(d) the sum of any write-up amount, coupon and dividend payments over the written-down debt will be treated 
as dividend payments, which will be subject to the restrictions relating to dividend distributions and the maximum 
distributable amount restrictions. 
The Regulatory Capital Communiqué also introduced various requirements that must be satisfied in order for a bank 
to exercise any option to convert additional tier 1 instruments into equity. While the Bank’s existing additional tier 1 capital 
does not provide for such conversion, any additional tier 1 capital that the Bank issues in the future might provide for such a 
conversion. 
Basel Committee 
Basel II. The most significant difference between the capital adequacy regulations in place before 1 July 2012 and the 
Basel II regulations is the calculation of risk-weighted assets related to credit risk. The current regulations seek to align more 
closely the minimum capital requirement of a bank with its borrowers’ credit risk profile. The impact of the new regulations 
on capital adequacy levels of Turkish banks largely stems from exposures to the Turkish government, principally through the 
holding of Turkish government bonds. While the previous rules provided a 0% risk weight for exposures to the Turkish

--- Page 146 ---
127 
sovereign and the Central Bank, the rules of Basel II require that claims on sovereign entities and their central banks be risk-
weighted according to their credit assessment, which (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) results in a 50% risk weighting 
for Türkiye; however, the Turkish rules implementing the Basel principles in Türkiye revised this general rule by providing 
that Turkish Lira-denominated claims on sovereign entities in Türkiye and the Central Bank shall have a 0% risk weight. See 
“Basel III” below for the risk weights of foreign currency-denominated claims on the Central Bank in the form of required 
reserves. 
The BRSA published the Communiqué on the Calculation of Principal Subject to Credit Risk by Internal-Ratings 
Based Approaches and the Communiqué on the Calculation of Principal Subject to Operational Risk by Advanced 
Measurement Approaches for the banks to apply internal ratings for the calculation of principal subject to credit risk and 
advanced measurement approaches for the calculation of principal subject to operational risk, which entered into effect on 
1 January 2015. The BRSA also issued various guidelines noting that the use of such internal rating and advanced measurement 
approaches in the calculation of capital adequacy is subject to the BRSA’s permission. 
Basel III. Turkish banks’ capital adequacy requirements have been and will continue to be affected by Basel III, as 
implemented by the Equity Regulation, which includes requirements regarding regulatory capital, liquidity, leverage ratio and 
counterparty credit risk measurements. In 2013, the BRSA announced its intention to adopt the Basel III requirements and 
published initially the Equity Regulation and a capital adequacy regulation, each entering into effect on 1 January 2014. The 
Equity Regulation introduced core tier 1 capital and additional tier 1 capital as components of tier 1 capital. Subsequently, the 
BRSA replaced this first capital adequacy regulation with the Capital Adequacy Regulation, which entered into force on 
31 March 2016. These changes: (a) introduced a minimum core capital adequacy ratio (4.5%) and a minimum tier 1 capital 
adequacy ratio (6.0%) to be calculated on a consolidated and unconsolidated basis (which are in addition to the previously 
existing requirement for a minimum total capital adequacy ratio of 8.0%) and (b) changed the risk weights of certain items that 
are categorised under “other assets.” The Equity Regulation also introduced new tier 2 rules and determined new criteria for 
debt instruments to be included in the tier 2 capital. According to the Capital Adequacy Regulation, which entered into force 
on 31 March 2016, the risk weights of foreign currency-denominated required reserves on the Central Bank in the form of 
required reserves were increased from 0% to 50%; however, on 24 February 2017, the BRSA amended its guidance to allow 
foreign exchange-required reserves held with the Central Bank to be subject to a 0% risk weight. 
In order to further align Turkish banking legislation with Basel principles, the BRSA has published from time to time 
new regulations and communiqués amending or replacing the existing regulations and communiqués, some of which 
amendments entered into force on 31 March 2016. For information related to the leverage ratios, capital adequacy ratios and 
liquidity coverage ratios of banks, see “Capital Adequacy” above. 
The BIS reviewed Türkiye’s compliance with Basel regulations within the scope of the Basel Committee’s RCAP and 
published its RCAP assessment report in March 2016, in which Türkiye was assessed as compliant with Basel standards. 
If the Bank and/or the Group is unable to maintain its capital adequacy or leverage ratios above the minimum levels 
required by the BRSA or other regulators (whether due to the inability to obtain additional capital on acceptable economic 
terms, if at all, sell assets (including subsidiaries) at commercially reasonable prices, or at all, or for any other reason), then this 
might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations.  
Liquidity and Reserve Requirements 
Article 46 of the Banking Law requires banks to calculate, attain, maintain and report the minimum liquidity level in 
accordance with principles and procedures set out by the BRSA. Within this framework, a comprehensive liquidity arrangement 
has been put into force by the BRSA, following the consent of the Central Bank. 
Pursuant to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements (the “Communiqué Regarding Reserve 
Requirements”), the Central Bank imposes different reserve requirements for different currencies and different tenors and 
adjusts these rates from time to time in order to encourage or discourage certain types of lending and/or deposit-taking. 
The Central Bank has permitted Turkish banks to maintain: (a) a portion of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements in 
U.S. dollars (however, such option has been terminated by the Central Bank effective as of 1 October 2021) and another portion 
of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements in standard and scrap gold (however, on 31 December 2022, the Central Bank

--- Page 147 ---
128 
announced that the facility for holding standard and scrap gold for Turkish Lira reserve requirements will be terminated by 
23 June 2023) and (b) a portion or all of the reserve requirements applicable to precious metal deposit accounts in standard 
gold, which portions are revised from time to time by the Central Bank. See “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group and 
its Business – Market Risks – Foreign Exchange and Currency Risk.” In addition, banks are required to maintain their required 
reserves against their U.S. dollar-denominated liabilities in U.S. dollars only. 
Furthermore, pursuant to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements, a bank must establish additional 
mandatory reserves if its financial leverage ratio falls within certain intervals. The financial leverage ratio is calculated 
according to the division of a bank’s capital into the sum of the following items: 
(a) its total liabilities, 
(b) its total non-cash loans and obligations, 
(c) its revocable commitments multiplied by 0.1, 
(d) the total sum of each of its derivatives commitments multiplied by its respective loan conversion rate, 
and 
(e) its irrevocable commitments. 
This additional mandatory reserve amount is calculated quarterly according to the arithmetic mean of the monthly leverage 
ratio. In addition, a bank must maintain additional mandatory reserves for six mandatory reserve periods beginning with the 
fourth calendar month following an accounting period for liabilities in Turkish Lira and foreign currency, as set forth below: 
Leverage Ratio 
Additional Reserve 
Requirement 
Below 3.0%
2.0%
From 3.0% (inclusive) to 4.0%
1.5%
From 4.0% (inclusive) to 5.0% 
1.0% 
In December 2018 and April 2019, the Central Bank amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements to 
exclude in the calculation of reserve requirements the following liabilities on the balance sheet: (a) funds acquired on the Borsa 
İstanbul with repo transactions and (b) deposits and participation funds of certain official institutions. These amendments also 
removed a temporary article that distinguished the reserve requirement regime applicable to foreign currency liabilities other 
than deposits and participation funds that existed up to and prior to 28 August 2015 from those created after such date. The 
Central Bank further amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements on 16 February 2019 to decrease the Turkish 
Lira liabilities reserve ratios for: (i) demand deposits, time deposits and participation funds with maturities of up to one year 
and other liabilities with maturities of up to (and including) three years, by 100 basis points, and (ii) all other liabilities subject 
to reserve requirements, by 50 basis points. On 9 May 2019, the Central Bank increased reserve requirements for all foreign-
exchange liabilities (including foreign-exchange deposits/participation funds) deposits by 100 basis points and, on 27 May 
2019, increased all reserve requirements for foreign-exchange deposits/participation funds by another 200 basis points, through 
which approximately US$3.0 billion and US$4.2 billion of liquidity, respectively, was withdrawn from the market. On both 
7 August and 20 September 2019, the Central Bank increased reserve requirements for foreign-exchange deposits/participation 
funds by 100 basis points for all maturity brackets. To support financial stability and the real loan growth-linked reserve 
requirement practice, the Central Bank decided on 28 December 2019 to increase (effective as of 10 January 2020 for the 
liability period starting on 27 December 2019) the reserve requirement ratios for foreign exchange deposits/participation funds 
by 200 basis points for all maturity brackets, but applying a 200 basis point reduction on the new ratios for banks that attain 
certain Turkish Lira real loan growth conditions (i.e., effectively keeping the reserve requirement ratios for foreign exchange 
deposits/participation funds of such banks unchanged). 
In March 2020, as part of the government’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Central Bank issued a press 
release announcing the implementation of the following temporary measures: (a) providing banks with flexibility in Turkish 
Lira and foreign currency liquidity management, (b) offering targeted additional liquidity facilities to banks to secure credit 
flow to the corporate sector and (c) aiming to boost the cash flow of exporters by facilitating the discounting of export

--- Page 148 ---
129 
receivables. On 18 July 2020, the Central Bank increased foreign currency reserve requirement ratios by 300 basis points in all 
liability types and maturity brackets for all banks. 
On 27 November 2020, the Central Bank: (a) revised to 12% per annum the remuneration rate for Turkish Lira-
denominated required reserves and (b) reduced the commission rate applied to the reserves maintained against U.S. dollar-
denominated deposits and participation fund liabilities from 1.25% to 0%. As a result, from December 2020, the reserve 
requirement ratios for: (i) deposits and participation funds (excluding those obtained from banks abroad) on demand and with 
a maturity up to (and including) three months and Turkish Lira-denominated other liabilities (including deposits and 
participation funds received from banks abroad) with a maturity up to (and including) one year were reduced to 6% per annum 
from 7% per annum, (ii) foreign currency-denominated deposits and participation funds (excluding deposits and participation 
funds obtained from banks abroad and precious metal deposit accounts) on demand and with a maturity less than one year were 
reduced to 19% per annum from 22% per annum, (iii) foreign currency-denominated deposits and participation funds 
(excluding deposits and participation funds obtained from banks abroad and precious metal deposit accounts) with a maturity 
of one year or more were reduced to 13% per annum from 18% per annum and (iv) other foreign currency-denominated 
liabilities (regardless of maturity) were reduced by 3% per annum (to a range of 5% per annum to 21% per annum). 
On 24 February 2021, the Central Bank: (a) increased Turkish Lira reserve requirement ratios by 2.00% for all liability 
types and maturity brackets, (b) revised portions of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements that Turkish banks are permitted to 
maintain in U.S. dollars and standard gold and (c) revised to 13.50% the remuneration rate for Turkish Lira-denominated 
required reserves. These changes became effective from the calculation date of 19 February 2021, with the maintenance period 
starting on 5 March 2021. On 1 July 2021, the Central Bank: (a) reduced the maximum percentage of Turkish Lira reserves it 
can allow to be held in U.S. dollars from 20% to 10% and terminated the option of Turkish banks to maintain a portion of the 
Turkish Lira reserve requirements in U.S. dollars as of 1 October 2021, (b) increased the reserve requirement ratios for foreign 
currency-denominated deposits and participation funds by 200 basis points for all maturity brackets and (c) started to apply 
remuneration rates from 13.5% to 19.0% per annum for Turkish Lira-denominated reserves of banks depending upon certain 
conditions, each of which changes became effective from the calculation date of 6 August 2021 (with the maintenance period 
starting on 19 July 2021). On 15 September 2021, the Central Bank increased reserve requirement ratios for foreign currency-
denominated deposits and participation funds and precious metals deposit accounts by 200 basis points for all maturity brackets 
effective as of 17 September 2021. On 9 November 2021, the Central Bank: (i) further reduced the maximum percentage of 
Turkish Lira reserves it would allow to be held in standard gold from 15% to 10% and announced that the facility for holding 
standard gold for Turkish Lira reserve requirements will be gradually decreased and eventually terminated and (ii) increased 
the reserve requirement ratios for foreign currency deposits/participation funds by a further 200 basis points for all maturity 
brackets effective from the calculation date of 12 November 2021 (with the maintenance period starting on 28 October 2021). 
On 21 December 2021, the Central Bank amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements to exclude in the 
calculation of reserve requirements the amounts converted from foreign exchange deposits/participation funds into Turkish 
Lira term deposits/participation funds. 
On 23 April 2022, the Central Bank amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements (effective as of 
29 April 2022) to require Turkish banks to establish mandatory reserves for their Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash 
loans; provided that the following are excluded: (a) loans provided to SMEs, tradesmen, financial institutions and/or certain 
governmental authorities and their subsidiaries and (b) export and investment loans, agricultural loans and corporate credit 
cards (i.e., the Commercial Cash Loan Reserve Requirement). 
From 23 December 2022, if a bank’s Turkish Lira share of either its total consumer or company deposits is: (a) from 
50% to below 60%, then such bank must pay a fee to the Central Bank equal to 3% of the reserves required to be held by it 
with respect to all of its foreign exchange deposits, or (b) below 50%, then such fee rate is increased to 8%. 
On 15 January 2023, the Central Bank amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements so that (starting 
with the maintenance period starting on 3 February 2023), the reserve requirement rate for Turkish Lira deposit accounts and 
participation accounts held by certain customers with maturities longer than three months is 0%. Additionally, should there be 
an increase (compared to 6 January 2023, based upon a calculation to be made on the last Friday of every two week period) in 
a bank’s foreign currency-denominated liabilities with maturities longer than six months provided directly from abroad, the 
reserve requirement rate for such increased amount is 0% until 22 December 2023. On 7 April 2023, the Central Bank amended 
the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements (effective as of 28 April 2023) so that if the share of a Turkish bank’s 
Turkish Lira deposits/participation funds calculated for real and legal persons is less than 60% of its total deposits/participation

--- Page 149 ---
130 
funds, then the mandatory reserve ratios for its foreign currency liabilities for deposits/participation funds and precious metal 
accounts will be increased by five basis points. 
The Central Bank issued on 10 June 2022 the Regulation on the Maintenance of Turkish Lira Securities for Foreign 
Currency Liabilities (the name of which was later changed to Regulation on the Maintenance of Securities) (the “Regulation 
on the Maintenance of Securities”). Pursuant to this regulation (as amended on 31 December 2022), effective from 24 June 
2022, each Turkish bank is required to hold with the Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by 
the Turkish government (including lease certificates issued by Undersecretariat of Treasury Asset Leasing Company) for the 
foreign currency deposits, participation funds and precious metals accounts held with such bank (excluding those of certain 
depositors, including the Central Bank itself, the Turkish Treasury, certain other governmental entities, other Turkish banks 
and non-citizens, and such deposits/funds/accounts funded by foreign direct investments as determined by the Central Bank) 
as well as the funds from foreign exchange-denominated repo transactions. Pursuant to an amendment to the Regulation on the 
Maintenance of Securities made on 7 April 2023, each Turkish bank is required to hold an amount of such securities equal to 
10% of the amount of the foreign currency deposits, participation funds and precious metals accounts held by the relevant 
customers with such bank as well as the funds from foreign exchange-denominated repo transactions; however, if the relevant 
bank’s ratio of Turkish Lira deposits to total deposits is: (a) less than 60%, then such rate is to be increased to 17%, (b) greater 
than or equal to 60% but less than 70%, then such rate is to be decreased to 5%, and (c) greater than or equal to 70%, then such 
rate is to be decreased to 3%. 
On 20 August 2022 and 31 December 2022, the Central Bank amended the Regulation on the Maintenance of 
Securities to: (a) require Turkish banks to hold with the Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by 
the Turkish government in an amount equal to 30% of the amount of the securities issued by entities (other than financial 
institutions) held by such banks, (b) replace the Commercial Cash Loan Reserve Requirement with a requirement to hold with 
the Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to 30% 
of the amount of such Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans (excluding the loans previously excluded from the 
Commercial Cash Loan Reserve Requirement as noted above only if such loans are disbursed against expenditures) and (c) 
provide that if: 
(i) a bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loan growth (excluding such excluded loans) during 
each calculation period from 26 August 2022 to 25 November 2022 compared to the previous calculation period was 
higher than 3%, then such bank is required to hold with the Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-denominated 
securities issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to the amount over such 3%, 
(ii) a bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loan (excluding such excluded loans) growth as of 
30 December 2022 compared to 29 July 2022 is higher than 10%, then such bank is required to hold with the Central 
Bank long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to the 
amount over such 10% minus the amount already held as required by clause (i), and 
(iii) a bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loan growth (excluding such excluded loans) during 
each calculation period from 27 January 2023 to 29 December 2023 compared to the previous calculation period was 
higher than 3%, then such bank is required to hold with the Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-denominated 
securities issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to the amount over such 3%. 
Additionally, the 20 August 2022 amendment provides that, for commercial loans extended from 20 August 2022 until 
31 December 2022, a Turkish bank is required to hold with the Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities 
issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to: 
(A) 20% of the amount of Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans (excluding such excluded loans) 
extended during such period at an annual compound interest rate from and including 1.4 times to but excluding 1.8 
times higher than the Central Bank-released annual compound reference rate (which reference rate is 10.31% for the 
period between 1 December 2022 and 31 December 2022), and 
(B) 90% of the amount of Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans (excluding such excluded loans) 
extended during such period at an annual compound interest rate of 1.8 times or more higher than such Central Bank-
released annual compound reference rate.

--- Page 150 ---
131 
With respect to commercial loans extended from 31 December 2022, banks are required (based upon a calculation to be made 
on the last Friday of every month) until 29 December 2023 to hold with the Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-denominated 
securities issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to 20% or 150% of the amount of Turkish Lira-denominated 
commercial cash loans (excluding such excluded loans) extended during such month depending upon their annual compound 
interest rate (on 7 April 2023, the Central Bank further amended the Regulation on the Maintenance of Securities and increased 
such rate from 90% to 150% other than for banks having a ratio of Turkish Lira deposits to total deposits of greater than or 
equal to 70%). 
Also in August 2022, the Central Bank introduced new regulations to increase the share of Turkish Lira-denominated 
assets in the collateral system and to ensure the maintenance of additional required reserves for foreign currency deposits. 
Effective as of 2 September 2022, the collateral discount rate for CPI-indexed securities and assets subject to collateral in 
foreign currency and gold was gradually increased from 50% to 60% to 70% and the remuneration rate for Turkish Lira-
denominated required reserves was reduced to 0% from 8.5%. 
On 31 December 2022, as a provisional application to be applied from 27 January 2023 through 29 December 2023 
(based upon a calculation to be made on the last Friday of every month), the Central Bank required banks to hold the following 
additional reserves with the Central Bank: should there be an increase in the positive difference in the sum of a bank’s foreign 
currency deposits, participation funds and funds from foreign exchange-denominated repo transactions minus the amount of 
loans provided and the related required reserves, reserves in the amount of such increase must be held using long-term Turkish 
Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government. 
On 7 April 2023, as a provisional measure to be applied through 29 September 2023, the Central Bank required each 
Turkish bank to hold additional Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government if (based upon a 
calculation to be made as of the last Friday of every month or, if such day is not a business day, the preceding business day) 
the conversion rate (compared to 31 March 2023) from foreign currency deposits/participation funds to Turkish Lira 
deposits/participation funds (as calculated for real and legal persons separately) is less than certain percentages, in which event 
such bank will be required to maintain additional Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government. 
Foreign Exchange Requirements 
According to the Regulation on Foreign Exchange Net Position/Capital Base issued by the BRSA and published in 
the Official Gazette No. 26333 dated 1 November 2006 (and amendments thereto effective as of 9 March 2023), for both the 
bank-only and consolidated financial statements, the weekly arithmetic mean of the ratio of a bank’s foreign exchange net 
position to its capital base should not exceed (+/-) 10%, which calculation is required to be made on a weekly basis for 
unconsolidated and monthly basis for consolidated financial statements. The net foreign exchange position is the difference 
between the Turkish Lira equivalent of a bank’s foreign exchange assets and its foreign exchange liabilities. For the purpose 
of computing the net foreign exchange position, foreign exchange assets include all active foreign exchange accounts held by 
a bank (including its foreign branches), its foreign exchange-indexed assets and its subscribed forward foreign exchange 
purchases; and for purposes of computing the net foreign exchange position, foreign exchange liabilities include all passive 
foreign exchange accounts held by a bank (including its foreign branches), its subscribed foreign exchange-indexed liabilities 
and its subscribed forward foreign exchange sales. In addition, a bank must include any general and special provisions it has 
set aside pursuant to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation for the calculation of the standard ratio of its foreign 
exchange net position to its capital base. If such ratio exceeds (+/-) 10%, then the bank is required to take steps to move back 
into compliance within two weeks following the bank’s calculation period. Banks are permitted to exceed this ratio up to six 
times per calendar year. 
Audit of Banks 
According to Article 24 of the Banking Law, a bank’s board of directors is required to establish audit committees for 
the execution of the audit and monitoring functions of the board of directors. The duties and responsibilities of the audit 
committee include: (a) the supervision of the efficiency and adequacy of the bank’s internal control, risk management and 
internal audit systems, (b) the functioning of these systems and accounting and reporting systems within the framework of the 
Banking Law and other relevant legislation, (c) the integrity of the information produced by such systems, (d) conducting the 
necessary preliminary evaluations for the selection of independent audit firms by the board of directors, (e) regularly monitoring 
the activities of independent audit firms selected by the board of directors and (f) in the case of holding companies covered by

--- Page 151 ---
132 
the Banking Law, ensuring that the internal audit functions of the institutions that are subject to consolidation operate in a 
coordinated manner. 
Banks are required to select an independent audit firm in accordance with the Turkish Auditor Regulation. Independent 
auditors are held liable for damages and losses to third parties and are subject to stricter reporting obligations. Professional 
liability insurance is required for: (a) independent auditors and (b) evaluators, rating agencies and certain other support services 
(if requested by the service-acquiring bank or required by the BRSA). Furthermore, banks are required to consolidate their 
financial statements on a quarterly basis in accordance with certain consolidation principles established by the BRSA. The 
year-end consolidated financial statements are required to be audited whereas interim consolidated financial statements are 
subject to only a limited review by independent audit firms.  
Pursuant to the Regulation regarding the Internal Systems and Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process of 
Banks, as issued by the BRSA and published in the Official Gazette No. 29057 dated 11 July 2014 (the “ICAAP Regulation”), 
banks are obligated to establish, manage and develop (for themselves and all of their consolidated financial subsidiaries) 
internal audit, internal control and risk management systems commensurate with the scope and structure of their activities, in 
compliance with the provisions of such regulation. The ICAAP Regulation also requires banks to conduct an “internal capital 
adequacy assessment process” (“ICAAP”), which is an internal process whereby banks calculate the amount of capital required 
to cover the risks to which they are or may be exposed on an unconsolidated and consolidated basis and with a forward-looking 
perspective, taking into account their near- and medium-term business and strategic plans. In this context, each bank is required 
to prepare an internal capital adequacy assessment process report (the “ICAAP Report”) representing the bank’s own assessment 
of its capital and liquidity requirements. The ICAAP Regulation established standards as to principles of internal control, 
internal audit and risk management systems and an ICAAP in order to bring such regulations into compliance with Basel II 
requirements. 
In 2015 and 2016, the BRSA issued certain amendments to the ICAAP Regulation to align the Turkish regulatory 
capital regime with Basel III requirements. These amendments relating to internal systems and internal capital adequacy ratios 
entered into force on 20 January 2016 and the other amendments entered into force on 31 March 2016. These amendments 
impose new regulatory requirements to enhance the effectiveness of internal risk management and internal capital adequacy 
assessments by introducing, among other things, new stress test requirements. Accordingly, the board of directors and senior 
management of a bank are required to ensure that a bank has established appropriate risk management systems and that it 
applies an ICAAP such that the bank has adequate capital to meet the risks incurred by it. The ICAAP Report is required to be 
audited by either the internal audit department or an independent audit firm in accordance with the internal audit procedures of 
a bank. 
All banks (public and private) also undergo annual audits and interim reviews by certified bank auditors who have the 
authority to audit banks on behalf of the BRSA, which audits encompass all aspects of a bank’s operations, its financial 
statements, other matters affecting the bank’s financial position and the bank’s compliance with law. The Central Bank has the 
right to monitor compliance by banks with the Central Bank’s regulations through on-site and off-site examinations. 
In 2015, the BRSA amended the Regulation on Principles and Procedures of Audits to expand the scope of the audit 
of banks in compliance with the ICAAP Regulation. According to this regulation, the BRSA monitors banks’ compliance with 
the regulations relating to the maintenance of capital and liquidity adequacy for risks incurred or to be incurred by banks and 
the adequacy and efficiency of banks’ internal audit systems. 
The Savings Deposit Insurance Fund (SDIF) 
The SDIF is a public legal entity set up to insure savings deposits held with banks and (along with all other Turkish 
banks) the Bank is subject to its regulations. The SDIF is responsible for and authorised to take measures for restructuring, 
transfers to third parties and strengthening the financial structures of banks, the shares of which and/or the management and 
control of which have been transferred to the SDIF in accordance with Article 71 of the Banking Law, as well as other duties 
imposed on it. 
(a) Insurance of Deposits. Pursuant to Article 63 of the Banking Law: (a) funds in checking accounts that are 
owned by commercial entities (which accounts are used solely for the payment of checks) and (b) funds in savings 
deposit accounts owned by natural persons are insured by the SDIF. Effective as of 28 August 2022, all deposit and

--- Page 152 ---
133 
participation funds except those owned by official institutions, credit institutions and financial institutions are insured 
by the SDIF. The scope and amount of deposit and participation funds subject to the insurance are determined by the 
SDIF upon the approval of the Central Bank, the BRSA and the Turkish Treasury. The tariff of the insurance 
premium, the time and method of collection of this premium, minimum target level of deposit insurance reserve 
(effective as of 28 August 2022) and other relevant matters are determined by the SDIF upon the approval of the 
BRSA. Since 1 January 2023, an amount of up to TL 400,000 of a depositor’s deposit account benefits from the SDIF 
insurance guarantee. 
(b) Power to require Advances from Banks. Provided that BRSA consent is received, the banks may be 
required by the SDIF to make advances of up to the total insurance premiums paid by them in the previous year to be 
set-off against their future premium obligations. The decision regarding such advances shall also indicate the interest 
rate applicable thereto. 
(c) Contribution of the Central Bank. If the SDIF’s resources prove insufficient due to extraordinary 
circumstances, then the Central Bank will, on request, provide the SDIF with an advance. The terms, amounts, 
repayment conditions, interest rates and other conditions of the advance will be determined by the Central Bank upon 
consultation with the SDIF. 
(d) Premiums as an Expense Item. Premiums paid by a bank into the SDIF are to be treated as an expense in 
the calculation of that bank’s corporate tax. 
(e) Liquidation. In the event of the bankruptcy or (effective as of 28 August 2022) liquidity of a bank, the 
SDIF is a privileged creditor and may liquidate the bank under the provisions of the Execution and Bankruptcy Law 
No. 2004, exercising the duties and powers of the bankruptcy office and creditors’ meeting and the bankruptcy 
administration. 
(f) Claims. In the event of the bankruptcy of a bank, holders of savings deposits will have a privileged claim 
in respect of the part of their deposit that is not covered by the SDIF’s insurance. 
The main powers and duties of the SDIF pursuant to the SDIF regulation published in the Official Gazette No. 31901 
dated 23 July 2022, are as follows: 
(a) becoming members of international financial, economic and professional organisations in which domestic 
and foreign equivalent agencies participate, and signing memoranda of understanding with the authorised bodies of 
foreign countries regarding the matters that fall within the SDIF’s span of duty, 
(b) insuring all deposits and participation accounts in the credit institutions except the accounts of official 
institutions, credit institutions and financial institutions, 
(c) determining the scope and amount of the deposit and participation accounts that are subject to insurance 
with the opinion of the Central Bank, the BRSA and the Turkish Treasury, and the risk-based insurance premia 
timetable, collection time and form, minimum target level of deposit insurance reserve and other related issues in 
cooperation with the BRSA, 
(d) determining the procedures and principles regarding the establishment, operation and supervision of the 
system to be established by the credit institutions as a basis for the calculation, follow-up, verification and payment 
of the insured deposit and participation funds, in cooperation with the BRSA, 
(e) paying (directly or through another bank) the insured deposits and participation accounts in the credit 
institutions whose banking licence has been revoked by the BRSA from deposit insurance reserves, 
(f) fulfilling the necessary operations regarding the transfer, sale and merger of the banks whose shareholder 
rights (except to dividends) and management and supervision have been transferred to the SDIF by the BRSA, with 
the condition that the losses of the shareholders are reduced from the capital,

--- Page 153 ---
134 
(g) taking management and control of the banks whose banking licence has been revoked by the BRSA and 
fulfilling the necessary operations regarding the bankruptcy and liquidation of such banks, 
(h) fulfilling the necessary operations regarding liquidation of the savings finance institutions whose 
operation licence has been revoked by the BRSA, and 
(i) carrying out activities required for the management, sale and liquidation of partnership shares and assets 
of the companies whose powers have been transferred to the SDIF or to which the SDIF has been appointed as a 
trustee. 
Cancellation of Banking Licence 
If the results of an audit show that a bank’s financial structure has seriously weakened, then the BRSA may require 
the bank’s board of directors to take measures to strengthen its financial position. Pursuant to the Banking Law, in the event 
that the BRSA in its sole discretion determines that: 
(a) the assets of a bank are insufficient or are likely to become insufficient to cover its obligations as they 
become due or the bank is not complying with liquidity requirements, 
(b) the bank’s profitability is not sufficient to conduct its business in a secure manner due to disturbances in 
the relation and balance between expenses and profit, 
(c) the regulatory equity capital of such bank is not sufficient or is likely to become insufficient, 
(d) the quality of the assets of such bank have been impaired in a manner potentially weakening its financial 
structure, 
(e) the decisions, transactions or applications of such bank are in breach of the Banking Law, relevant 
regulations or the decisions of the BRSA, 
(f) such bank does not establish internal audit, supervision and risk management systems or to effectively 
and sufficiently conduct such systems or any factor impedes the audit of such systems, 
(g) imprudent acts of such bank’s management materially increase the risks stipulated under the Banking 
Law and relevant legislation or potentially weaken the bank’s financial structure, or 
(h) for D-SIBs, the precautions under the precaution plan described below are not implemented promptly, 
such precautions are unable to cure the applicable weakness or it is determined that such weakness cannot be cured 
even if such precautions were implemented, 
then the BRSA may require the board of directors of such bank: (i) in the event of the occurrence of an event described in 
clause (a), (b), (c), (d) or (h), to: 
(A) increase such bank’s equity capital, 
(B) not permit such bank to distribute dividends for a temporary period to be determined by the BRSA and 
to transfer its distributable dividend to the reserve fund, 
(C) increase such bank’s loan provisions, 
(D) stop such bank’s extension of loans to its shareholders, 
(E) dispose of such bank’s assets in order to strengthen its liquidity, 
(F) limit or stop such bank’s new investments,

--- Page 154 ---
135 
(G) limit such bank’s salary and other payments, and/or 
(H) cease such bank’s long-term investments, and 
(ii) in the event of the occurrence of an event described in clause (e), (f) or (g), to: 
(A) cause such bank to comply with the relevant banking legislation, 
(B) cease such bank’s risky transactions by re-evaluating such bank’s credit policy, and/or 
(C) causing such bank to take all actions to decrease any maturity, foreign exchange and interest rate risks 
for a period determined by the BRSA and in accordance with a plan approved by the BRSA. 
The BRSA may also take any other action in relation to the occurrence of an event described in clauses (a) through (h) that it 
may deem necessary. 
In the event that the aforementioned actions are not taken (in whole or in part) by the applicable bank, its financial 
structure cannot be strengthened despite the fact that such actions have been taken or the BRSA determines that taking such 
actions will not lead to a favourable result, then the BRSA may require such bank: (i) in the event of the occurrence of an event 
described in clause (a), (b), (c), (d) or (h) of the preceding paragraph, to: 
(A) strengthen its financial structure, increase its liquidity and/or increase its capital adequacy, 
(B) dispose of its fixed assets and long-term assets within a reasonable time determined by the BRSA, 
(C) decrease its operational and management costs, 
(D) postpone its payments under any name whatsoever, excluding the regular payments to be made to its 
employees, and/or 
(E) limit or prohibit extension of any cash or non-cash loans to certain third persons, legal entities, risk groups 
or sectors, and 
(ii) in the event of the occurrence of an event described in clause (e), (f) or (g) of the preceding paragraph, to: 
(A) convene an extraordinary general assembly in order to change some or all of the members of the board 
of directors or assign new member(s) to the board of directors, in the event any board member is responsible for a 
failure to comply with relevant legislation, a failure to establish efficient and sufficient operation of internal audit, 
internal control and risk management systems or non-operation of these systems efficiently or there is a factor that 
impedes supervision or such member(s) of the board of directors cause(s) to increase risks significantly as stipulated 
above, and/or 
(B) implement short-, medium- or long-term plans and projections that are approved by the BRSA to decrease 
the risks incurred by the bank and the members of the board of directors and the shareholders with qualified shares 
must undertake the implementation of such plan in writing. 
The BRSA may also take any other action in relation to the occurrence of an event described in clauses (a) through (h) of the 
preceding paragraph that it may deem necessary. 
In the event that the aforementioned actions are not taken (in whole or in part) by the applicable bank, the problem 
cannot be solved despite the fact that the actions have been taken or the BRSA determines that taking such actions will not lead 
to a favourable result, then the BRSA may require such bank to: 
(a) limit or cease its business or the business of the whole organisation, including its relations with its local 
or foreign branches and correspondents, for a temporary period,

--- Page 155 ---
136 
(b) apply various restrictions, including restrictions on the interest rate and maturity with respect to resource 
collection and utilisation, 
(c) remove from office (in whole or in part) some or all of its members of the board of directors, general 
manager and deputy general managers and the relevant department and branch managers and obtain approval from 
the BRSA as to the persons to be appointed to replace them, 
(d) make available long-term loans; provided that these will not exceed the amount of deposit or participation 
accounts subject to insurance, and be secured by the shares or other assets of the controlling shareholders, 
(e) limit or cease its non-performing operations and to dispose of its non-performing assets, 
(f) merge with one or more other interested bank(s), 
(g) provide new shareholders in order to increase its equity capital, 
(h) deduct any resulting losses from its own funds, and/or 
(i) take any other action that the BRSA may deem necessary. 
In the event that: (a) the aforementioned actions are not (in whole or in part) taken by the applicable bank within a 
period of time set forth by the BRSA or in any case within 12 months, (b) the financial structure of such bank cannot be 
strengthened despite its having taken such actions, (c) it is determined that taking these actions will not lead to the strengthening 
of the bank’s financial structure, (d) the continuation of the activities of such bank would jeopardise the rights of the depositors 
and the participation account owners and the security and stability of the financial system, (e) such bank cannot cover its 
liabilities as they become due, (f) the total amount of the liabilities of such bank exceeds the total amount of its assets or (g) 
the controlling shareholders or directors of such bank are found to have utilised such bank’s resources for their own interests, 
directly or indirectly or fraudulently, in a manner that jeopardised the secure functioning of the bank or caused such bank to 
sustain a loss as a result of such misuse, then the BRSA, with the affirmative vote of at least five of its board members, may 
revoke the licence of such bank to engage in banking operations and/or to accept deposits and transfer the management, 
supervision and control of the shareholding rights (excluding dividends) of such bank to the SDIF for the purpose of whole or 
partial transfer or sale of such bank to third persons or the merger thereof; provided that any loss is deducted from the share 
capital of current shareholders. 
In order for the advance identification of the appropriate response measures to be taken in case of the occurrence of 
any events (or probability of the occurrence of any events) that might weaken their financial structures, banks that are classified 
by the BRSA as systemically important banks (i.e., as D-SIBs) must create prevention plans and submit those to the BRSA. In 
the case of any determination of the occurrence of any such events (or probability of the occurrence of any such events) with 
respect to such a bank (on a consolidated or non-consolidated basis), such bank must implement the precautions indicated in 
their prevention plan and notify the BRSA of such circumstances and the BRSA may impose the implementation of such 
precautions. 
Any and all execution and bankruptcy proceedings (including preliminary injunction) against a bank whose license is 
revoked would be discontinued as from the date on which the BRSA’s decision to revoke such bank’s licence is published in 
the Official Gazette. From the date of revocation of such bank’s licence, the creditors of such bank may not assign their rights 
or take any action that could lead to assignment of their rights. The SDIF must take measures for the protection of the rights of 
depositors and other creditors of such bank. The SDIF is required to pay the insured deposits of such bank either by itself or 
through another bank it may designate. The SDIF is required to institute bankruptcy proceedings in the name of depositors 
against a bank whose banking licence is revoked. 
Annual Reporting 
Pursuant to the Banking Law, Turkish banks are required to follow the BRSA’s principles and procedures (which are 
established in consultation with the Turkish Accounting Standards Board and international standards) when preparing their 
annual reports. Turkish listed companies must also comply with the Communiqué on Principles of Financial Reporting in

--- Page 156 ---
137 
Capital Markets issued by the CMB. In addition, they must ensure uniformity in their accounting systems, correctly record all 
their transactions and prepare timely and accurate financial reports in a format that is clear, reliable and comparable as well as 
suitable for auditing, analysis and interpretation. 
Furthermore, Turkish companies (including banks) are required to comply with the Regulation regarding 
Determination of the Minimum Content of the Companies’ Annual Reports published by the Ministry of Customs and Trade, 
as well as the Corporate Governance Communiqué, when preparing their annual reports. These reports are required to include 
the following information: management and organisation structures, human resources, activities, financial situation, assessment 
of management and expectations and a summary of the directors’ report and independent auditor’s report. 
A bank cannot settle its balance sheets without ensuring reconciliation with the legal and auxiliary books and records 
of its branches and domestic and foreign correspondents. 
The BRSA is authorised to take necessary measures where it is determined that a bank’s financial statements have 
been misrepresented. 
Pursuant to the Regulation on the Principles and Procedures Concerning the Preparation of Annual Reports by Banks 
published in the Official Gazette No. 26333 dated 1 November 2006, the chairman of the board, audit committee, general 
manager, deputy general manager responsible for financial reporting and the relevant unit manager (or equivalent authorities) 
must sign the reports indicating their full names and titles and declare that the financial statements comply with relevant 
legislation and accounting records. 
Independent auditors must perform an audit of, and provide an opinion on, the annual financial statements prepared 
by the banks. 
Banks are required to submit their financial statements to related authorities and publish them in accordance with the 
BRSA’s principles and procedures. 
According to BRSA regulations, the annual report is subject to the approval of the board of directors and must be 
submitted to shareholders at least 15 days before the annual general assembly of the bank. Banks also must submit an electronic 
copy of their annual reports to the BRSA within seven days following the publication of the reports. Banks must publish a copy 
of such reports on their websites by the end of May following the end of the relevant fiscal year. 
Amendments to the Regulation on the Principles and Procedures Regarding the Preparation of Annual Reports by 
Banks, which entered into force on 31 March 2016, require annual and interim financial statements of banks to include 
explanations regarding their risk management in line with the Regulation on Risk Management to be Disclosed to the Public. 
Disclosure of Financial Statements 
The BRSA published amendments (which entered into force on 31 March 2016) to the Communiqué on Financial 
Statements to be Disclosed to the Public setting forth principles of disclosure of annotated financial statements of banks in 
accordance with the Communiqué on Public Disclosure regarding Risk Management of Banks and the Equity Regulation. The 
amendments reflect the updated requirements relating to information to be disclosed to the public in line with the amendments 
to the calculation of risk-weighted assets and their implications for capital adequacy ratios, liquidity coverage ratios and 
leverage ratios. Rules relating to equity items presented in the financial statements were also amended in line with the 
amendments to the Equity Regulation. Additionally, banks are required to make necessary disclosures on their websites 
immediately upon repayment of a debt instrument, depreciation or conversion of a share certificate or occurrence of any other 
material change. 
In addition, the BRSA published the Communiqué on Public Disclosure regarding Risk Management of Banks, which 
expands the scope of public disclosure to be made in relation to risk management (which entered into force on 31 March 2016) 
in line with the disclosure requirements of the Basel Committee. According to this regulation, each bank is required to announce 
information regarding their consolidated and/or unconsolidated risk management related to risks arising from or in connection 
with securitisation, counterparty, credit, market and its operations in line with the standards and procedures specified in this

--- Page 157 ---
138 
regulation. Each bank is also required to form policies approved by its board of directors regarding internal audit and control 
processes relating to risk management. 
On 15 September 2018, the Ministry of Commerce issued a communiqué that sets forth the procedures and principles 
relating to the application of Article 376 of the Turkish Commercial Code, which article regulates the measures that Turkish 
companies (i.e., joint stock companies, limited liability companies and limited partnerships, in which the capital is divided into 
shares, including financial institutions) are required to adopt in case of loss of capital or insolvency. This new communiqué 
aims to clarify and complement the remedial actions that can be taken in relation to the treatment of foreign exchange losses in 
the calculation of the loss of capital or insolvency. As companies in Türkiye prepare their financial statements in Turkish Lira, 
the value of any foreign currency-denominated asset and liability is converted into Turkish Lira based upon the currency rate 
applicable as of the date of such financial statements; however, until 1 January 2024, the communiqué allows companies to 
disregard any losses arising from the exchange rate volatility of any outstanding foreign currency-denominated liability while 
making any capital loss or insolvency calculations. As such, companies will not be required to apply any measures set forth in 
Article 376 of the Turkish Commercial Code to maintain their capital if the relevant loss of capital or insolvency arises from 
currency fluctuations. 
Financial Services Fee 
Pursuant to Heading XI of Tariff No. 8 attached to the Law on Fees (Law No. 492) amended by the Law No. 5951, 
banks are required to pay to the relevant tax office to which their head office reports an annual financial services fee for each 
of their branches. The amount of the fee is determined in accordance with the population of the district in which the relevant 
branch is located. 
Corporate Governance Principles 
The Corporate Governance Communiqué provides certain mandatory and non-mandatory corporate governance 
principles as well as rules regarding related-party transactions and a company’s investor relations department. Some provisions 
of the Corporate Governance Communiqué are applicable to all companies incorporated in Türkiye and listed on the Borsa 
İstanbul, whereas some others are applicable solely to companies whose shares are traded in certain markets of the Borsa 
İstanbul. The Corporate Governance Communiqué provides specific exemptions and/or rules applicable to banks that are traded 
on the Borsa İstanbul. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is subject to the corporate governance principles stated in the 
banking regulations and the regulations for capital markets that are applicable to banks. The Bank is required to state in its 
annual activity report whether it is in compliance with the principles applicable to it under the Corporate Governance 
Communiqué. In case of any non-compliance, explanations regarding such non-compliance are also required to be included in 
such report. Should the Bank fail to comply with any mandatory obligations, then it may be subject to sanctions from the CMB. 
In its latest annual report before the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank stated that it was in compliance with the mandatory 
principles of the Corporate Governance Communiqué. 
The Corporate Governance Communiqué contains principles relating to: (a) companies’ shareholders and other 
stakeholders, (b) public disclosure and transparency and (c) boards of directors. A number of principles are compulsory, while 
the remaining principles apply on a “comply or explain” basis. The Corporate Governance Communiqué classifies listed 
companies into three categories according to their market capitalisation and the market value of their free-float shares, subject 
to recalculation on an annual basis. The Bank is classified as a “2nd Group” company. 
The mandatory principles under the Corporate Governance Communiqué include provisions relating to: (a) the 
composition of the board of directors, (b) appointment of independent board members, (c) board committees, (d) specific 
corporate approval requirements for related party transactions, transactions that may result in a conflict of interest and certain 
other transactions deemed material by the Corporate Governance Communiqué and (e) information rights in connection with 
general assembly meetings. According to the Corporate Governance Communiqué, banks may, taking into account the size of 
their operations and type of their structures, determine their corporate governance principles based upon those stated in the 
Corporate Governance Communiqué provided that they comply with the principles and procedures set out in the Banking Law 
and the provisions of other regulations entered into effect in accordance therewith.

--- Page 158 ---
139 
Listed companies are required to have independent board members, who should meet the mandatory qualifications 
required for independent board members as set out in the Corporate Governance Communiqué. Independent board members 
should constitute at least one-third of the board of directors and should not be fewer than two; however, publicly traded banks 
are required to appoint at least three independent board members to their board of directors, which directors may be selected 
from the members of the bank’s audit committee, in which case the mandatory qualifications required for independent members 
are not applicable; provided that when all independent board members are selected from the audit committee, at least one 
member should meet the mandatory qualification required for independent board members as set out in the Corporate 
Governance Communiqué. The Corporate Governance Communiqué further initiated a pre-assessment system to determine the 
“independency” of individuals nominated as independent board members in “1st Group” and “2nd Group” companies (for 
banks, to the extent such independent board members are not members of that bank’s audit committee). Those nominated for 
such positions must be evaluated by the “Corporate Governance Committee” or the “Nomination Committee,” if any, of the 
board of directors for fulfilling the applicable criteria stated in the Corporate Governance Communiqué. The board of directors 
is required to prepare a list of nominees based upon this evaluation for final review by the CMB, which is authorised to issue 
a “negative view” on any nominee and prevent their appointment as independent members of the board of directors. The 
Corporate Governance Communiqué also requires listed companies to establish certain other board committees; however, banks 
are exempt from this requirement for the audit committee, early detection of risk committee and remuneration committee. 
In addition to the mandatory principles regarding the composition of the board and the independent board members, 
the Corporate Governance Communiqué introduced specific corporate approval requirements for all material related party 
transactions. All those types of transactions shall be approved by the majority of the independent board members. If not, then 
they shall be brought to the general assembly meeting where related parties to those transactions are not allowed to vote. 
Meeting quorum shall not be sought for these resolutions and the resolution quorum is the simple majority of the attendees who 
may vote. For banks and financial institutions, transactions with related parties arising from their ordinary activities are not 
subject to the requirements of related party transactions. 
The Capital Markets Law authorises the CMB to require listed companies to comply with the corporate governance 
principles in whole or in part and to take certain measures with a view to monitor compliance with the new principles, which 
include requesting injunctions from the court or filing lawsuits to determine or to revoke any unlawful transactions or actions 
that contradict with these principles. 
In addition to the provisions of the Corporate Governance Communiqué related to the remuneration policy of banks, 
the BRSA published a guideline on good pricing practices in banks, which entered into force on 31 March 2016. This guideline 
sets out the general principles for employee remuneration as well as standards for remuneration to be made to the board of 
directors and senior management of banks.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is in compliance with the mandatory principles under the Corporate 
Governance Communiqué, as well as with applicable requirements for having independent directors. 
On 2 October 2020, the CMB amended the Corporate Governance Communiqué to provide that publicly held 
companies that are subject to the corporate governance principles are also to be subject to the principles specified in the 
Sustainability Principles Compliance Framework (in Turkish: Sürdürülebilirlik İlkeleri Uyum Çerçevesi), which seeks to 
increase Turkish companies’ attention to environmental, social and corporate governance principles and thereby enhance their 
attractiveness to international investors. Although the application of such principles is voluntary for publicly held companies, 
companies are required to state in their annual activity report whether they adhere to the principles (i.e., “comply or explain”). 
Anti-Money Laundering, Combatting the Financing of Terrorism and Anti-Bribery 
Please see “The Group and its Business – Anti-Money Laundering, Combatting the Financing of Terrorism and Anti-
Bribery.” 
Consumer Loan, Provisioning and Credit Card Regulations 
On 8 October 2013, the BRSA published regulations that aim to limit the expansion of individual loans and payments 
(especially credit card instalments). The rules: (a) include overdrafts on deposit accounts and loans on credit cards in the 
category of consumer loans for purposes of provisioning requirements, (b) set a limit for credit cards issued to consumers who

--- Page 159 ---
140 
apply for a credit card for the first time if their income cannot be determined by the bank, (c) require credit card issuers to 
monitor cardholders’ income levels before each limit increase of the credit card and (d) increase the minimum monthly payment 
required to be made by cardholders. The Central Bank also adjusts from time to time the monthly cap on individual and 
commercial credit card interest rates and the commission rates that can be applied by banks for their “acquisition” of vouchers 
from merchants, any of which changes might make the related business less profitable (or even unprofitable). In addition, 
pursuant to the Banking Law, the Central Bank is empowered to determine the maximum interest rates for lending and deposit-
taking activities of banks, as well as any fees, expenses and commissions charged by them. 
Loan Transactions 
On 31 December 2013, the BRSA adopted rules on loan-to-value and instalments of certain types of loans and, on 
27 September 2016, the BRSA made certain amendments to such rules. Pursuant to these rules, the minimum loan-to-value 
requirement for housing loans extended to consumers, financial lease transactions for housing and loans (except auto loans) 
secured by houses is 80% (which was 75% before such amendments), with exceptions for houses that have an energy 
identification document within the scope of the Energy Efficiency Law No. 5627, for which a higher loan-to-value percentage 
is applicable. On 19 March 2020, the BRSA (as part of the measures taken against the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic) 
published a resolution that increased such loan-to-value requirement to 90% for houses worth TL 500,000 or less; provided 
that such loans are made to consumers and are not used for the purchase of autos. On 23 June 2022 and 24 February 2023, the 
BRSA imposed different loan-to-value requirements for housing loans utilised for new and existing homes, again with respect 
to a house’s sales value and energy efficiencies. In addition, the Regulation on Loan Transactions of Banks sets maximum 
loan-to-value ratios for auto loans extended to consumers, loans secured by autos and autos leased under financial lease 
transactions, the loan-to-value limit for which varies depending upon the sales price of the applicable vehicle. 
On 16 September 2021, the BRSA reduced the overall maturity limit for general purpose loans from 36 months to 24 
months for loans over TL 50,000. The BRSA also provided that general purpose loans granted before such date can be 
restructured, for a maximum of 36 months, if requested by the borrower even if their debt balances are over TL 50,000. 
According to the regulations announced by the BRSA, the total amount of general purpose loans that have more than 24 months 
maturity and that have been granted after such date must be limited TL 50,000 per customer and each bank is required to 
monitor this limit for its own customers. On 9 June 2022, the BRSA further reduced the maturity limit for general purpose 
loans from 24 months to 12 months for loans over TL 100,000; however, the BRSA also provided that general purpose loans 
granted before 16 September 2021 can be restructured, for a maximum of 36 months, and general purpose loans granted 
between 16 September 2021 and 9 June 2022 can be restructured, for a maximum of 24 months, if requested by the borrower 
even if their debt balances are over TL 50,000. 
Due to two large earthquakes in Kahramanmaraş on 6 February 2023 that affected 10 different cities, on 7 and 
10 February 2023, the BRSA announced (inter alia) the following provisional measures to be applied until 1 January 2024 
regarding loan transactions of natural and legal persons located in the affected cities (and on 23 February 2023, the BRSA 
extended such provisional measures to other regions that satisfy certain criteria to be considered disaster areas): 
 
banks may determine grace periods and/or maturities of retail loans that are newly provided or restructured, 
 
the maturity thresholds determined under the Regulation on Loan Transactions shall not be applied, 
 
subject to the request of a borrower, such borrower’s principal and interest payments shall be delayed for at 
least six months; however, whether or not requested by a borrower, so long as no interest/profit share is to be 
paid by such borrower as a result of such postponement, then such payments shall be delayed for at least six 
months, and 
 
in the case of the delay of principal and interest payments for vehicle and retail loans upon the request of the 
borrower, the maturity thresholds determined under the Regulation on Loan Transactions shall not be applied. 
Caps on Fees, Commissions and POS Commission Rates 
The BRSA and Central Bank have issued various laws in late 2019 and early 2020 that impose limitations on certain 
fees and commissions that Turkish banks may charge to customers. On 16 October 2019, the Central Bank introduced an

--- Page 160 ---
141 
amendment to cap the commission rates applied by banks in their “point of sale” (POS) business. The Central Bank then issued 
the Communiqué on Deposit and Loan Interest Rates and Participation Accounts Profit and Loss Participation Rates (the 
“Communiqué on Deposit and Loan Interest Rates”) and the Communiqué on Procedures and Principles of Fees to be Collected 
by Banks from Commercial Customers (the “Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees”), both of which became effective 
as of 1 March 2020 (for the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees, most of the provisions relating to fees became 
effective as of 1 April 2020) and impose certain such limitations. Pursuant to these communiqués, the caps on POS commission 
rates for purchases of goods and service were subjected to revision by reference to a monthly reference rate determined by the 
Central Bank plus a fixed rate set out under the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees, which rates are adjusted by taking 
into account the number of days between the day of a purchase transaction and the day on which the amount from such purchase 
is transferred by the applicable bank to the applicable merchant. In August 2021, the Central Bank (though increasing the fees 
that can be charged for ATM usage and commissions that can be collected from the use of POS systems) introduced further 
limits. 
The Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees further sets out standardised fees and caps that are to be charged to 
commercial customers depending upon the category of the applicable product and service. Turkish banks are required to apply 
to the Central Bank to charge any fees or commissions to commercial customers other than those listed under the Communiqué 
on Commercial Customer Fees. These limits include (inter alia) limits on fees for electronic funds transfers, credit allocation 
fees, credit underwriting fees and prepayment fees. Banks also are required to accept a commercial customer’s request for 
prepayment of all of such customer’s credit debt (for which prepayment the bank may charge a prepayment fee subject to 
certain limitations under the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees). 
Foreign Currency Restrictions 
F/X Loan Restriction. Decree 32 and the Capital Movements Circular of the Central Bank (the “Capital Movements 
Circular”) were amended, effective as of 2 May 2018, in order to introduce restrictions on Turkish resident legal entities 
utilising foreign currency loans. While this regime maintained the previous prohibition on Turkish individuals utilising foreign 
exchange loans and foreign exchange-indexed loans, it introduced a strict prohibition on Turkish resident non-bank legal 
entities (each a “Corporate Borrower”) utilising foreign currency-indexed loans, imposed restrictions on Corporate Borrowers 
utilising foreign currency loans (the “F/X Loan Restriction”) and provided exemptions relating to a borrower’s foreign currency 
income (the “F/X Income Exemption”) and foreign currency activities (the “Activity Exemption”) and based upon the unpaid 
outstanding balance of a borrower’s total foreign currency loans (the “Loan Balance”). 
As far as the F/X Income Exemption is concerned, if the Loan Balance of a Corporate Borrower is below US$15 
million, then the sum of the foreign currency loans to be utilised and the existing Loan Balance must not be more than the 
combined value of such Corporate Borrower’s foreign currency income as stated in its financial statements for the last three 
fiscal years. Turkish-resident financial institution lenders are required to control whether a Corporate Borrower complies with 
this rule. In case of any non-compliance with the F/X Loan Restriction rules, Turkish-resident financial institution lenders are 
required either to cancel or convert into Turkish Lira the portion of the foreign currency loans to such Corporate Borrower that 
exceeds this value within 10 business days after the date of determination. The cancelled or converted portion of the relevant 
loans are then deducted from the credit balance of such Corporate Borrower. In case of a breach of this obligation, an 
administrative monetary fine might be imposed. 
In respect of the Activity Exemption, a legal entity must qualify as a public institution, bank, factoring, financial 
leasing or financing company resident in Türkiye in order to utilise foreign currency loans. In the case of Corporate Borrowers, 
the Activity Exemption must relate to an activity performed in the last three fiscal years in the context of, among others: (a) a 
domestic tender with an international element awarded to such Corporate Borrower, (b) defence industry projects approved by 
the Undersecretariat of Defence Industry, (c) public-private partnership projects or (d) an export, transit trade, sales and related 
deliveries subject to the relevant Corporate Borrower certifying the scope of its relevant activity and its potential sources of 
foreign currency incomes (muhtemel döviz geliri). Additionally, loans within the scope of an investment incentive certificate 
also benefit from the Activity Exemption; provided that a Corporate Borrower is required to declare whether any foreign 
currency loan has been previously utilised based upon the same investment incentive certificate and, if so, such statement must 
be accompanied with information on the utilisation date, total amount and intermediary bank. On 8 December 2020, the Turkish 
Treasury extended the scope of the Activity Exemption by including foreign currency loans made to Turkish-resident legal 
entities that are shareholders of a Turkish-resident legal entity operating a project established as a public-private partnership if 
the proceeds of such loan are to be added to the capital of such operating company or are to be used in the project. On 8 July 
2021, the Turkish Treasury limited the scope of the Activity Exemption for foreign currency loans for renewable energy

--- Page 161 ---
142 
generation projects and revised the rules such that both licensed generating plants initiating their operations after 1 July 2021 
and certain unlicensed generating plants cannot benefit from the Activity Exemption. 
F/X Transaction Restriction. On 13 September 2018, Decree 32 was amended to impose restrictions on the use of, or 
indexing to, foreign currency in the following contracts executed between Persons residing in Türkiye: sale and purchase of 
movable and immovable property, leasing of all kinds of movable and immovable property (including vehicle and financial 
leasing), employment, service and construction contracts. According to such amendments, Turkish residents were required to 
amend any relevant contract so that the contract price and all other payment obligations thereunder were re-determined in 
Turkish Lira within a 30-day transition period (i.e., by 13 October 2018). On 6 October 2018 and 16 November 2018, the 
Turkish Treasury issued an amending communiqué that broadened the scope of, but provided certain exemptions to, these 
restrictions. Among other exemptions, capital market instruments (including any Notes issued directly to Turkish investors, 
subject to restrictions applicable to a resident of Türkiye on directly investing in Notes (or beneficial interests therein) issued 
outside of Türkiye – see “Transfer and Selling Restrictions”) are exempt from these restrictions. Accordingly, the issuance, 
purchase and sale of capital market instruments in accordance with the Capital Markets Law may be denominated in, or indexed 
to, foreign currency. 
In August 2018, the BRSA capped Turkish banks’ exposure under swap, spot and forward transactions with non-
residents of Türkiye (except transactions with such banks’ non-resident financial subsidiaries and other affiliates that are subject 
to consolidation) under which transactions the Turkish bank initially pays Turkish Lira and receives foreign currency and, at 
the maturity date, such bank pays foreign currency and receives Turkish Lira to 25% of a bank’s regulatory capital, then reduced 
this level to 10% in February 2020. On 12 April 2020, as part of the government’s efforts to contain the possible adverse effects 
on the Turkish economy of the global uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the BRSA issued a press release 
announcing that this level was reduced to 1%, which level was then returned to 10% on 25 September 2020. In the case of a 
bank exceeding this level, new transactions may not be executed or renewed until this level (which is calculated on a daily 
basis) is attained. In addition, written approval of the BRSA is required in case there needs to be a cancellation or extension of 
any of these derivatives transactions. 
On 18 December 2019, the BRSA announced that the total notional amount of a Turkish bank’s currency swaps, 
forwards, options and other similar products with non-residents in Türkiye (except transactions with such banks’ non-resident 
financial subsidiaries and other affiliates that are subject to consolidation) with a remaining maturity of seven days or fewer 
where, at the maturity date, such bank pays Turkish Lira and receives foreign exchange shall not exceed 10% of such bank’s 
most recently calculated regulatory capital. With its press release on 12 April 2020, the BRSA amended this threshold by 
announcing that transactions with a remaining maturity of seven days or fewer shall not exceed 1% of the applicable bank’s 
most recently calculated regulatory capital on any given calendar date, which threshold was then returned to 2% on 
25 September 2020 and then increased to 5% on 11 November 2020 (as of such date, a threshold of 10% is applied for 
transactions with a remaining maturity of 30 days or fewer and 30% for transactions with a remaining maturity of one year or 
less). 
Amendments to the Turkish Insolvency and Restructuring Regime 
The Enforcement and Bankruptcy Law No. 2004 prevents a contractual arrangement by which a contractual event of 
default clause is stipulated to be triggered in case any application is made by a Turkish company for debt restructuring upon 
settlement (uzlaşma yoluyla yeniden yapılandırma) within the scope of this law. In addition, changes were introduced to this 
law on 15 March 2018 that (inter alia) states that the contractual termination, default and acceleration clauses of an agreement 
cannot be triggered in case the debtor makes a concordat application and such application shall not constitute a breach of such 
agreement. 
On 15 August 2018, the BRSA published the Regulation on Restructuring of Debts in the Financial Sector (the 
“Restructuring Regulation”), which was amended on 21 November 2018 and 12 September 2019, with a view to regulate a 
financial restructuring opportunity for Turkish companies that have entered into loan transactions with: (a) Turkish banks, (b) 
financial lease, factoring and financing companies, (c) banks and financial institutions established outside Türkiye, (d) 
multilateral banks and institutions that directly invest in Türkiye, (e) special purpose companies established by the foregoing 
institutions for collection of receivables and/or (f) investment funds established as per the Capital Market Law (“Creditor 
Institutions”). The Restructuring Regulation sets forth the procedures and principles on financial restructuring framework 
agreement(s) (the “Framework Agreement”) to be executed amongst the Creditor Institutions.

--- Page 162 ---
143 
Accordingly, implementation of the restructuring for companies that are financially indebted against banks and other 
financial institutions for an outstanding principal amount of TL 25 million or more has been initiated with a framework 
published on the website of the Banks Association of Türkiye on 14 October 2019. On 8 November 2019, implementation of 
a restructuring regime for companies that are financially indebted against banks and other financial institutions for an 
outstanding principal amount of less than TL 25 million was published. On 16 July 2021, the Banks Association of Türkiye 
amended the framework agreement and increased the outstanding principal amount of TL 25 million to TL 100 million. As 
such, certain borrowers of the Bank might apply for restructuring of their debt. 
Credit Guarantee Fund 
The KGF was established pursuant to Decree No. 93/4496 dated 14 July 1993 in order to provide guarantees for SMEs 
and other enterprises, in particular, to those that are not able to obtain bank loans due to their insufficient collateral. In order to 
improve financing possibilities and contribute to the effective operation of the credit system, pursuant to provisional Article 20 
of the Law regarding the Regulation of Public Financing and Debt Management (Law No. 4749) dated 28 March 2002, 
resources up to TL 2 billion could be transferred by the Minister in charge of the Turkish Treasury to the credit guarantee 
institutions. Such amount was increased to TL 25 billion in accordance with the Law No. 6770 dated 18 January 2017. In 
addition, pursuant to Decree No. 2016/9538 on Treasury Support to be provided to the Credit Guarantee Institutions (published 
in the Official Gazette No. 29896 and dated 22 November 2016) (as amended), the KGF guarantees are supported by the 
Turkish Treasury. Pursuant to an amendment to such Decree that was published in the Official Gazette dated 30 March 2020, 
the Turkish Development and Investment Bank was added among the eligible lenders and natural persons were explicitly added 
as eligible borrowers. On 30 March 2020, an additional TL 25 billion limit was allocated by the government under the KGF 
guarantee in order to address the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, increasing the amount available under the KGF 
programme to TL 185 billion, and the total amount of guarantees that may be given by the KGF was increased from TL 250 
billion to TL 500 billion (along with increases in the guarantee limits with respect to individual borrower groups). On 13 August 
2022, the total amount of guarantees that may be given by the KGF was increased from TL 500 billion to TL 1 trillion. 
Additional increases have been implemented that are tailored to specific sectors. 
Pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 162 published in the Official Gazette dated 11 October 2018, loans guaranteed by 
the Turkish Treasury under the KGF programme may be restructured up to 96 months for working capital loans and up to 156 
months for investment loans. Such Presidential Decree also requires lenders to provide an opportunity to borrowers to 
restructure their KGF-guaranteed loans prior to any recourse to the KGF guarantee. 
Turkish Lira Borrowing Restrictions 
On 24 June 2022, the BRSA introduced Turkish Lira borrowing restrictions for non-financial institution companies 
that are subject to independent audit. Pursuant to these restrictions, such companies may only borrow Turkish Lira-denominated 
commercial cash loans from Turkish banks and financial leasing, factoring and financing companies subject to various 
restrictions depending upon the amount of their foreign currency assets (including (inter alia) gold, foreign currency cash, 
foreign exchange deposits and foreign currency-denominated securities but excluding foreign currency-denominated securities 
issued by Türkiye itself). 
According to these restrictions, these companies with such foreign currency assets of the equivalent of at least TL 10 
million at the time of loan application are not permitted to receive Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans (including 
swap transactions) from Turkish banks and financial leasing, factoring and financing companies if such foreign currency assets 
exceed 5% of the higher of their total assets and net sales revenue for the most recent financial year. The BRSA has, however, 
provided an exception for companies who are not permitted to borrow Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans due 
to this restriction and foreign currency-denominated loans due to other restrictions imposed by applicable laws at the time of 
the loan application, which companies are permitted to borrow Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans in an amount 
up to the amount of their three month foreign currency net position deficit as declared by the company at the time of loan 
application and then confirmed by the company’s independent auditors or a certified public accountant at the end of every three 
month period. Where any such companies have entities that consolidate into them, these calculations are made on a consolidated 
basis (though disregarding non-Turkish entities). 
Such companies with such foreign currency assets of less than the above-noted amount are permitted to borrow 
Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans; provided that they submit a declaration that: (a) their current foreign 
exchange assets, total assets and net sales revenue for the most recent financial year do not exceed the relevant thresholds at

--- Page 163 ---
144 
the time of the loan application and (b) they undertake that the Turkish Lira equivalent of their foreign exchange assets will not 
exceed such amount (or, if it exceeds such amount, it will not exceed 5% of the higher of their total assets and net sales revenue 
for the last financial year ending during the term of such loan). In addition, such companies must (every three months) submit 
to the lending bank(s) a declaration confirmed by their independent auditor or a certified public accountant reaffirming that the 
above remain true in order to ensure that such bank(s) is/are able to monitor such declaration and undertaking. 
Additional COVID-19-Related Temporary Measures 
In addition to the other temporary measures described above relating to the government’s response to the COVID-19 
pandemic, the BRSA announced on 23 March 2020 (effective until 31 December 2020) and 16 April 2020 certain measures to 
support banks’ calculation of capital adequacy ratios and net foreign currency positions. Pursuant to these rules, banks are 
entitled to: 
(a) use 31 December 2019 exchange rates in certain capital and other calculations, which was then revised 
by the BRSA on 8 December 2020 (and further extended on 17 June 2021 and 16 September 2021) to allow banks to 
use the arithmetic mean of the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates during the previous 252 business days 
as of the calculation date until such date as determined by the BRSA (on 21 December 2021, the BRSA announced 
that banks shall (if using this approach) use the average of the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates during 
the 252 business days ending on 31 December 2021; on 28 April 2022, the BRSA amended this rule so that, until such 
date as determined by the BRSA, banks may use the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates as of 31 December 
2021 in certain capital and other calculations; and on 31 January 2023, the BRSA further amended this rule so that, 
until such date as determined by the BRSA, banks may use the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates as of 
30 December 2022 in such calculations), 
(b) calculate the level of capital used in capital adequacy ratio calculations by disregarding through 
31 December 2020 (as per the BRSA’s decision dated 8 December 2020, extended through 30 June 2021) the negative 
net valuation differences related to securities held as of 23 March 2020 in the portfolio of financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income (on 17 June 2021, the BRSA indefinitely suspended the application of clause (b) 
from 30 June 2021, and then, as per its decision dated 21 December 2021, ended the suspension other than for the 
securities whose fair value difference is reflected in other comprehensive income were negative as of 21 December 
2021, for securities after 21 December 2021 whose fair value difference is reflected in other comprehensive income, 
the relevant provisions of the Regulation on Banks’ Equity will continue to be implemented), and 
(c) use 0% risk weightings for foreign currency-denominated receivables owed by the centralised 
administration (i.e., Turkish state institutions and other public institutions that do not have a separate legal entity and 
act under the legal entity of the Turkish sovereign) while calculating the amount of exposure subject to credit risk in 
accordance with the standardised approach as determined under the Capital Adequacy Regulation. 
On 27 March 2020, in line with the Economic Stability Shield Package announced by President Erdoğan on 18 March 
2020, the Banks Association of Türkiye issued a press release regarding a new “Check Payment Credit Support” and “Economic 
Stability Shield Credit Support” for banks. These governmental credit supports, pursuant to which banks were able to provide 
loans to corporate, commercial and (in particular) SME clients, had a maturity of 12 months and an interest rate of 
9.5% per annum and required no principal or interest payments for three months. The maximum credit amounts that could be 
lent by a Turkish bank to a customer under these support programmes was determined based upon such customer’s annual 
turnover. 
On 18 April 2020, the BRSA introduced (and on 30 April 2020 clarified) a new test referred to as the “Asset Ratio,” 
which ratio banks (excluding development and investment banks and banks under the management of the SDIF) were originally 
required to meet (on an unconsolidated basis) on a weekly basis starting from 1 May 2020. The monthly average of the Asset 
Ratio, which was a modified form of a financial assets (e.g., loans and securities) to deposits ratio and was (inter alia) intended 
to measure (and encourage) a bank’s use of deposits for active lending (particularly in Turkish Lira) as opposed to investing in 
securities or other financial assets (particularly in foreign currencies), was not to be lower than 100% for deposit-taking banks 
and 80% for participation banks (which ratios were later reduced to 90% and 70%). Any failure to satisfy this minimum level 
would have subjected the applicable bank to a fine of up to 5% of the shortfall, which fine was not to be less than TL 500,000 
in any case. As of 24 November 2020, this requirement was eliminated by the BRSA (effective as of 31 December 2020) as 
part of the normalisation process after the initial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.

--- Page 164 ---
145 
On 22 April 2020, the Central Bank increased from 20% to 30% its limit on the amount of a bank’s swap sales (i.e., 
purchase of a bank’s foreign exchange by the Central Bank in return for Turkish Lira) in relation to such bank’s total foreign 
exchange transaction limits with the Central Bank. In May 2020, the Central Bank gradually increased this limit from 30% to 
50%, which was increased further to 60% on 26 November 2020. These changes were expected to result in an increase in the 
foreign exchange reserves held by the Central Bank while enabling Turkish banks to access additional Turkish Lira funding. 
On 5 May 2020, the BRSA imposed a new requirement that certain Turkish Lira transactions (i.e., Turkish Lira-
denominated placements, loans, deposits and repurchase transactions) performed by a Turkish bank with foreign financial 
institutions, including such Turkish bank’s foreign branches and consolidated foreign subsidiaries regarded as credit institutions 
and financial institutions, are limited to 0.5% (increased to 2.5% as of 30 November 2020) of such Turkish bank’s latest 
calculated shareholders’ equity (as calculated daily on a bank-only basis) as reported to the BRSA on a monthly basis. If a 
Turkish bank exceeds such limit, then such bank is not be allowed to enter into any new such transactions (or renew any existing 
such transactions upon their maturity) until such bank is in compliance with this limit. On 20 May 2020, the BRSA declared 
that any such transactions that clear through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg are not to be included in the numerator of 
such calculation (on 28 July 2020, the BRSA clarified that this exemption will be limited only to the clearing activities of 
securities denominated in Turkish Lira and exempted from the restrictions on access to Turkish Lira swap transactions that 
satisfy certain criteria). On 6 August 2020, the BRSA announced certain exemptions to this restriction in favour of foreign 
financial institutions (other than international development banks) for the following transactions: (a) entering into foreign 
currency swap trades, under which the foreign financial institution buys Turkish Lira in exchange for foreign currency at the 
initial exchange date (i.e., where the foreign bank will sell Turkish Lira at the maturity date), (b) entering into swap trades 
entered into in the Borsa İstanbul foreign exchange swap market, where the foreign bank buys Turkish Lira in exchange for 
foreign currency at the initial exchange date, (c) entering into repo and reverse repo transactions in the Borsa İstanbul repo 
market and (d) holding Turkish Lira- denominated deposits with Turkish banks; provided, in each case, that: (i) the foreign 
financial institution may only invest in Turkish Lira denominated securities with the Turkish Lira received as a result of such 
transactions, and must deposit any excess Turkish Lira liquidity into accounts held with Turkish financial institutions, and (ii) 
the relevant foreign financial institution must give an undertaking to its Turkish counterpart with respect to the intended use of 
Turkish Lira proceeds and obtain the BRSA’s prior approval in this respect. On 30 November 2020, the BRSA further exempted 
from this calculation overdraft facilities extended to foreign financial institutions. This new measure aims to increase the 
efficient use of Turkish Lira resources and is expected to be effective until the extraordinary conditions that exist due to the 
COVID-19 pandemic have ceased. 
On 20 June 2020, the Central Bank announced the temporary suspension (until 25 December 2020) of its 9 December 
2019 rule on having adjusted real loan growth rate lower than 15% for banks with an annual real loan growth rate higher than 
15% in order for such banks to able to benefit from certain reserve requirement incentives. This change primarily focused on 
the increased loan demand of both corporates and individuals, whose cash flows are impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, 
while aiming to provide banks with flexibility in meeting such loan demand. This rule was then permanently repealed on 
27 November 2020 as noted in “-Liquidity and Reserve Requirements” above.

--- Page 165 ---
146 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form (with or without interest coupons attached) or registered form 
(without interest coupons attached), in each case either as Global Notes or Definitive Notes. Bearer Notes may (subject to 
certain limited exceptions) be issued only in “offshore transactions” to Persons who are not U.S. persons in reliance upon 
Regulation S and Registered Notes may be issued in “offshore transactions” to Persons who are not U.S. persons in reliance 
upon Regulation S, to Dealers for resale to QIBs in reliance upon Rule 144A or otherwise in transactions that are exempt from, 
or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global note (a “Temporary Bearer 
Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a “Permanent Bearer Global Note” 
and, with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a “Bearer Global Note”), which, in either case, will: 
(a) if such Bearer Global Notes are issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the applicable Final 
Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original Issue Date of such Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, and 
(b) if such Bearer Global Notes are not issued in NGN form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be 
delivered on or prior to the original Issue Date of such Tranche to a Common Depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) and on all interest 
coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN 
SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections of the Code referred to above provide that United States investors, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons with respect thereto and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Bearer Notes or interest 
coupons. 
Beneficial interests in Notes that are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with 
the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
NGN Form. Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms will indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner that would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility (though, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche in NGN form 
do not comply with certain of the conditions of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria so as to be recognised by the ECB as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem eligibility). Any indication that a Bearer Global Note is to be so held does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction 
of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Temporary Bearer Global Notes. Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, 
payments of principal, interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of such Note due prior to the applicable 
Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of such Temporary Bearer Global Note if such Temporary 
Bearer Global Note is not issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that 
the owners of beneficial interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note are not U.S. persons or Persons who have purchased 
for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream,

--- Page 166 ---
147 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has/have given a like certification (based upon the 
certifications it has received) to the Fiscal Agent. 
For any Temporary Bearer Global Note, after the date (the “Exchange Date”) that begins immediately upon the 
expiration of a 40 day period after the later of the commencement of the offering of the applicable Tranche and such Tranche’s 
Issue Date, beneficial interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for: (a) beneficial interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (b) Definitive 
Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, Coupons and Talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms and subject, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given; 
provided that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive Definitive Bearer Notes. The 
holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note (or a beneficial interest therein) will not be entitled to collect any payment of 
interest, principal or other amount due on or after the applicable Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of 
such Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for Definitive Bearer Notes is 
improperly withheld or refused. 
Permanent Bearer Global Notes. Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer 
Global Note will be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg against presentation or surrender (as the case 
may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note (if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not issued in NGN form) without any 
requirement for certification in the manner described in the previous paragraph. 
Exchange from Permanent Bearer Global Notes to Definitive Bearer Notes. The applicable Final Terms of a Tranche 
of Permanent Bearer Global Notes will specify that such Permanent Bearer Global Notes will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for Definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, Coupons and Talons attached only upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that: (a) an Event of Default has occurred and 
is continuing with respect to the applicable Series, (b) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of at least 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, whether 
statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor 
clearing system is available or (c) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences that would not be suffered 
were the Notes represented by the applicable Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form and, accordingly, the Issuer has 
elected to request the exchange of such Permanent Bearer Global Note. 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to the applicable Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event described in clause (a) or (b) of the 
definition of Exchange Event in the preceding paragraph, the applicable Clearing System(s) (or any Person acting on their 
respective behalf), acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in the applicable Permanent Bearer Global Note, may 
give notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting such an exchange. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described 
in clause (c) of such definition, the Issuer may give notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting such an exchange. Any such exchange 
will occur no later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant such notice by the Fiscal Agent. 
Bearer Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depositary or other 
institution for the purposes of their immobilisation in accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian law of 14 December 2005. 
Registered Notes 
The portion of the Registered Notes (or beneficial interests therein) of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance upon 
Regulation S in offshore transactions to Persons other than U.S. persons will initially be represented by a global note in 
registered form (each a “Regulation S Registered Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, by a registered 
note in definitive form (a “Definitive Regulation S Registered Note” and, with each Regulation S Registered Global Note, a 
“Regulation S Registered Note;” the Bearer Notes and Regulation S Registered Notes being, collectively, the “Regulation S 
Notes”). Prior to expiration of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to a Tranche of 
Regulation S Registered Notes, a Regulation S Registered Note (or beneficial interests therein) of such Tranche may not be 
offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person and such Regulation S Registered Note will be subject to the 
restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear the applicable restrictive legend described in “Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions.”

--- Page 167 ---
148 
The portion of the Registered Notes (or beneficial interests therein) of each Tranche offered and sold in the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons may only be offered and sold by the Issuer or any Person acting on 
its behalf: (a) to Institutional Accredited Investors who execute and deliver to the Issuer an IAI Investment Letter in which they 
agree to purchase such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) for their own account and not with a view to the distribution 
thereof, (b) to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A or (c) in transactions that are otherwise exempt from, or not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to Institutional Accredited Investors 
as described in clause (a) will be represented by one or more global note(s) in registered form (each an “IAI Global Note”) or 
in definitive form (each an “IAI Definitive Note” and, with the IAI Global Notes, the “IAI Notes”) and the Registered Notes of 
each Tranche sold to QIBs as described in clause (b) will be represented by one or more global note(s) in registered form (each 
a “Rule 144A Global Note” and, with the Regulation S Registered Global Notes and the IAI Global Notes, each a “Registered 
Global Note”). 
Registered Global Notes will either be: (a) deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, 
DTC or (b) deposited with: (i) a Common Depositary or (ii) if the Registered Global Notes are to be held under the “new 
safekeeping structure” for registered global securities that are intended to constitute eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy operations (the “NSS”), a Common Safekeeper, in each case, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and will be 
registered in the name of a nominee of that Common Depositary or Common Safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under 
the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of Definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Where Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are to be held under the NSS, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner that would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility (though, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche to be held 
under the NSS do not comply with certain conditions of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria so as to be recognised by the ECB 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem eligibility). Any indication that a Registered Global Note is to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their life as such recognition depends 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for Registered Global Notes to be held under 
the NSS will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
The Notes of each Tranche sold by the Issuer to U.S. persons who are Institutional Accredited Investors (other than 
through one or more Dealer(s) under Rule 144A) will be Registered Notes in either definitive form (i.e., IAI Definitive Notes) 
or global form (i.e., IAI Global Notes). Unless otherwise set forth in the applicable Final Terms, IAI Notes will be issued only 
in minimum denominations of US$500,000 and integral multiples of US$1,000 in excess thereof (or its approximate equivalent 
in the applicable other Specified Currency at the time of issuance). IAI Notes will be subject to the restrictions on transfer set 
forth therein and will bear the restrictive legend described in “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” 
The Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such 
restrictions. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of a Registered Note will, in the absence of provision 
to the contrary, be made in the manner provided in Condition 7 to the Person shown on the Register as the registered holder of 
such Registered Note as of the relevant Record Date. None of the Issuer or any Agent (including the Registrar) will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial 
ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes (including any payments pursuant to Conditions 7.8 and 7.9) or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Exchange from Registered Global Notes to Definitive Registered Notes. The applicable Final Terms of a Tranche of 
Registered Global Notes will specify that such Registered Global Notes will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but 
(except with respect to clause (a) of the definition of Exchange Event in the next sentence) not in part, for Definitive Registered 
Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that: (a) an Event of 
Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to the applicable Series, (b) if the applicable Registered Global Note is 
registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, either DTC has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act

--- Page 168 ---
149 
as a depository for such Notes and no alternative clearing system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing agency 
registered under the Exchange Act and no alternative clearing system is available, (c) if the applicable Registered Global Note 
is registered in the name of a nominee for a Common Depositary or, as the case may be, Common Safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed 
for business for a continuous period of at least 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, whether statutory or otherwise) or have 
announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available, or 
(d) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences that would not be suffered were the Notes represented 
by the applicable Registered Global Note in definitive form and, accordingly, the Issuer has elected to request the exchange of 
such Registered Global Note. 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to the applicable Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event. In the event of the occurrence of any Exchange Event described in clause (a), (b) or (c) of 
the definition thereof in the preceding paragraph, the applicable Clearing System(s) (or any Person acting on their respective 
behalf), acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in the applicable Registered Global Note, may give notice to the 
Registrar requesting such an exchange. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event specified in clause (d) of such 
definition, the Issuer may give notice to the Registrar requesting such an exchange. Any such exchange will occur no later than 
45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant such notice by the Registrar. In addition, as set out in the preceding 
paragraph with respect to clause (a) of the definition of Exchange Event therein, a holder of an interest in the applicable 
Registered Global Note credited to such holder’s account with the applicable Clearing System may request that the Registrar 
deliver, on behalf of the Issuer, to such Clearing System, Definitive Registered Notes in exchange for such holder’s interest in 
such Registered Global Note in accordance with the standard operating procedures of such Clearing System. 
Transfer of Interests. Beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable 
restrictions, be transferred to a Person who wishes to hold: (a) such interest in another Registered Global Note other than an 
IAI Global Note or (b) upon the delivery of an IAI Investment Letter, an IAI Note (including an interest in an IAI Global Note). 
IAI Definitive Notes may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions and if there is a Registered Global Note for the 
applicable Series, be transferred to a Person who wishes to hold such Notes in the form of an interest in such Registered Global 
Note; provided that if such Registered Global Note is an IAI Global Note, then such transferee shall have delivered an IAI 
Investment Letter. No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest except 
in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent 
applicable. The Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such 
restrictions (see “Transfer and Selling Restrictions”). 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Fiscal Agent will arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued that 
is intended to be consolidated with, and form a single Series with, an existing Tranche of Notes on a date after the Issue Date 
of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche will (to the extent applicable) be assigned an ISIN, Common Code, 
CUSIP, CINS, CFI Code and/or FISN number that are different from the ISIN, Common Code, CUSIP, CINS, CFI Code and/or 
FISN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as such Tranches are consolidated and form a 
single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiration of any applicable distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S) applicable to the Notes of such further Tranche. 
Repayment of the principal of a Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in 
Condition 11. In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and such Global Note (or any part 
thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions of the applicable Series and payment in full of the 
amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of such Global Note, then, from 8:00 p.m. (London time) on 
the day immediately following the applicable due date, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with 
a Clearing System will, on the basis of statements of account provided by such Clearing System, become entitled to proceed 
directly against the Issuer on and subject to the terms of the Deed of Covenant. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer or investor that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event (for any listed issuance) a new prospectus or a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available that will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such 
Notes.

--- Page 169 ---
150 
FORM OF APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms that, subject (for any transaction not listed on the Regulated Market) to any 
necessary amendment, will be completed for each Tranche of Notes. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part 
of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to (and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to) any EEA Retail Investor in the European Economic Area (the 
“EEA”). For these purposes: (a) “EEA Retail Investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”), (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive (EU) No. 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”), and (b) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any 
means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for such Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)]. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] or otherwise making them available to EEA Retail Investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] or otherwise making them available 
to any EEA Retail Investor in the EEA might be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to (and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to) any UK Retail Investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes: 
(a) a “UK Retail Investor” means: (i) a client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms 
part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”), 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) of the United 
Kingdom and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) No. 2016/97 (as amended), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 
as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 
of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 (as amended) as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, 
and (b) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for such Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)]. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] or otherwise making them available to UK Retail 
Investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] 
or otherwise making them available to any UK Retail Investor in the United Kingdom might be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]2 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS 
ONLY TARGET MARKET 
Solely for the purposes of [each][the] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (a) the target market for the Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II], 
and (b) all channels for distribution of the Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any Person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] 
(a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s][s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes [(or beneficial interests 
 
1 
Only applicable where paragraph 8(f)(i) of Part B of the Final Terms is marked as “Applicable.” 
2 
Only applicable where paragraph 8(f)(ii) of Part B of the Final Terms is marked as “Applicable.”

--- Page 170 ---
151 
therein)] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s][s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]3 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS 
ONLY TARGET MARKET 
Solely for the purposes of [each][the] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (a) the target market for the Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] is only eligible 
counterparties (as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook) and professional clients (as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended)] (as amended, “UK MiFIR”)), and (b) all channels for distribution of the Notes [(and 
beneficial interests therein)] to such eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any Person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s][s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s][s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]4 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 (2020 
REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE (AS AMENDED, THE “SFA”) 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes [(and beneficial 
interests therein)] to be capital markets products other than: (a) “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and (b) “Excluded Investment Products” (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).]5 
FINAL TERMS 
[Date] 
QNB FİNANSBANK A.Ș. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 789000Q21SW842S9IJ58 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] (the “Notes”) 
under the US$5,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 26 April 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]], 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus [for the purposes of [the Prospectus Regulation][Regulation (EU) 
 
3 
Delete where: (a) none of the Managers/Dealers are MiFID II investment firms that are manufacturers pursuant to MiFID II for the purposes of the 
offering of the relevant Tranche of Notes, or revise where the relevant manufacturers have determined that an alternative target market is appropriate 
for the offering of the relevant Tranche of Notes (or beneficial interests therein), or (b) this matter is already addressed in the issue-specific prospectus 
for the issue of Notes. If this paragraph is included but the paragraph regarding the PRIIPS Regulation is not included, then include the definition of 
MiFID II in this paragraph. 
4 
Delete where: (a) none of the Managers/Dealers are UK MiFIR investment firms that are manufacturers pursuant to UK MiFIR for the purposes of the 
offering of the relevant Tranche of Notes, or revise where the relevant manufacturers have determined that an alternative target market is appropriate 
for the offering of the relevant Tranche of Notes (or beneficial interests therein), or (b) this matter is already addressed in the issue-specific prospectus 
for the issue of Notes. 
5 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes (and, if applicable, beneficial interests therein): (a) do not constitute prescribed capital 
markets products as defined under the CMP Regulations 2018 and (b) will be offered in Singapore.

--- Page 171 ---
152 
No. 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”)]]6 (the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]6 and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms]7 [has/have] been 
published on the Issuer’s website ([insert website address]) [and these Final Terms have been [made available in printed form 
at the registered address of the Issuer at [insert address][, at the offices of [insert the name of the financial intermediar(ies)] at 
[insert address] [and [insert address], respectively,]] and at the offices of the Fiscal Agent at [insert address]]/[published on 
the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin]. 
[The following alternative language for the preceding paragraph applies if the first Tranche of Notes of a Series that 
is being increased was issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated [date of the relevant previous base prospectus] [and the supplement[s] 
to it dated [date] [and [date]]] (the “Original Base Prospectus”) that [is][are] incorporated by reference into the base prospectus 
dated 26 April 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus [for 
the purposes of [the Prospectus Regulation][Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”)]]6 (the 
“Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation]6 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus, including the Conditions in the Original 
Base Prospectus incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base 
Prospectus, the Original Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms]7 have been published on the Issuer’s website ([insert website 
address]) and these Final Terms have been [made available in printed form at the [registered address of the Issuer at [insert 
address]][offices of [insert the name of the financial intermediar(ies)] at [insert address] [and [insert address], respectively,]] 
and at the offices of the Fiscal Agent at [insert address]]/[published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as 
Euronext Dublin]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable.” Note that the numbering should remain as 
set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the 
paragraphs that are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, then their minimum denomination must 
be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1.
Issuer:
QNB Finansbank A.Ş.
2.
(a)
Series Number:
[●]
(b)
Tranche Number:
[●]
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series with 
[identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Bearer Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Bearer Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 22 below, 
which is expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable]
3.
Specified Currency:
[●]
 
6 
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic 
Area in circumstances in which a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. 
7 
The Final Terms should be published in accordance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation for Notes to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area.

--- Page 172 ---
153 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount immediately after 
issuance of this Tranche:
 
(a)
Series:
[●]
(b)
Tranche:
[●]
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Tranche [plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)]
6.
(a)
Specified Denomination(s):
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof]
 
(NB: Notes must have a minimum denomination of €100,000 
(or equivalent).)
 
(Note – for Notes in bearer form, where multiple 
denominations above [€100,000] or equivalent are being 
used, the following sample wording should be followed:
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].”)
 
(NB: Where a Temporary Bearer Global Note or a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note is, in each case, 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes, Definitive Notes must 
only be issued with a denomination equal to, or greater than, 
€100,000 (or equivalent) and integral multiples thereof.)
(b) 
Calculation Amount [for Definitive Notes 
(in relation to the calculation of interest 
for Global Notes, see the Conditions)]: 
[●] (the “Calculation Amount”) 
(If only one Specified Denomination, then insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.)
7.
(a)
Issue Date:
[●]
(b)
Interest Commencement Date:
[Specify][Issue Date][Not Applicable]
 
(NB: An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant 
for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon Notes.)
(c)
Trade Date:
[●]
 
(NB: Trade Date is included as a mandatory settlement field 
required 
by 
the 
International 
Central 
Securities 
Depositaries.)

--- Page 173 ---
154 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest Payment 
Date [falling in][nearest to] [specify month and year]]8
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. per annum Fixed Rate] 
[[SONIA 
- 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA][SONIA 
- 
Compounded 
Index 
Rate][SOFR 
Index 
Rate 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift][Compounded 
SOFR 
with 
Lookback][Compounded SOFR with Observation Period 
Shift][Compounded 
SOFR 
with 
Payment 
Delay][TLREF][[●] [month] EURIBOR/ROBOR/PRIBOR/ 
HIBOR/SIBOR/NIBOR/WIBOR/CNH 
HIBOR] 
+/- [●] per cent. per annum Floating Rate][Zero Coupon]
(see further particulars in paragraph [14/15/16] below)
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, 
the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 
[●] per cent. of their nominal amount
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
up 
to 
(but 
excluding) 
[●], 
paragraph [14/15] below applies, and, for the period from 
(and including) [●] up to (and including) the Maturity Date, 
paragraph [14/15] below applies][Not Applicable]
12.
Put/Call Options:
[Investor Put]
[Issuer Call]
 
[(see further particulars in paragraph [18/19/20] below)] 
[Not Applicable]
13.
(a)
Status of the Notes:
Senior
(b) 
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(NB: Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is 
required for the particular Tranche of Notes.)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.)
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on [the/each] 
Interest Payment Date (the “Interest Rate”)
 
8 For Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes and Modified Fixed Rate Notes where Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are subject to adjustment, it will 
be necessary to use the second option here.

--- Page 174 ---
155 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date/[specify other]9 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons. In the 
case of Modified Fixed Rate Notes, insert regular interest 
payment dates and also complete paragraph (g) below as 
applicable. Paragraph (g) is not relevant to Fixed Rate Notes 
where Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are not subject 
to adjustment and either: (i) a customary Following Business 
Day Convention is to apply in accordance with Condition 7.6 
to any date for payment that is not a Payment Business Day 
or (ii) such payment dates are not otherwise to be subject to 
adjustment by reference to any other Business Day 
Convention.)
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) [for Definitive 
Notes (in relation to Global Notes, see the 
Conditions)]: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only to Notes initially issued in definitive form. 
Not applicable to Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes 
and Modified Fixed Rate Notes where Interest Periods and 
Interest Amounts are subject to adjustment.)
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) [for Definitive Notes 
(in relation to Global Notes, see the 
Conditions)]:
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]][Not Applicable] 
 
(Applicable only to Notes initially issued in definitive form. 
Not applicable to Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes 
and Modified Fixed Rate Notes where Interest Periods and 
Interest Amounts are subject to adjustment.)
(e)
[Day Count Fraction:
[30/360][Actual/Actual (ICMA)][Actual/360]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]]10
 
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Modified Fixed 
Rate Notes.)
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year][Not Applicable]] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA). In such a case, insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon.) 
(g) 
Modified Fixed Rate Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(Modified Fixed Rate Notes are Fixed Rate Notes: (i) the 
terms of which provide for Interest Periods and Interest 
Amounts to be subject to adjustment or (ii) for which Interest 
Periods and Interest Amounts are not subject to adjustment 
 
9 
For certain Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes, Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are subject to adjustment and the following proviso should 
be added: “; provided that if any Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, then such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.” 
10 
Applicable to Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 175 ---
156 
but a specified Payment Business Day Convention (other 
than the Following Business Day Convention) is to apply to 
any date for payment that is not a Payment Business Day. If 
not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.)
(i) 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Amounts subject to adjustment:
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention][Modified Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]
 
(Only applicable where Interest Periods and Interest 
Amounts are subject to adjustment.)
(iii)
Specified Business Centre(s):
[●][Not Applicable]
 
(Only applicable where Interest Periods and Interest 
Amounts are subject to adjustment. This paragraph relates to 
Interest Period end dates and not the date of payment, to 
which sub-paragraph (vi) below relates.) 
(iv)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis]
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
(v) 
Payment 
Business 
Day 
Convention:
[Modified Following Business Day Convention][Preceding 
Business Day Convention][Not Applicable]
 
(Only applicable where Interest Periods and Interest 
Amounts are not subject to adjustment and a specified 
Payment Business Day Convention (other than the Following 
Business Day Convention) is to apply to any date for payment 
that is not a Payment Business Day.)
(vi)
Specified Financial Centre(s):
[●][Not Applicable]
 
(Only applicable if a Payment Business Day Convention is 
specified 
in 
sub-paragraph 14(g)(v). 
Note 
that 
this 
paragraph relates to the date of payment and not Interest 
Period end dates, to which sub-paragraph (iii) above 
relates.)
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.)

--- Page 176 ---
157 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[●][, not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in sub-paragraph (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]
 
(Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest Payment Dates may 
not be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business 
Day Convention in the case of Modified Floating Rate Notes. 
In these circumstances only, paragraph (m) below will be 
applicable. In the case of Notes using Compounded SOFR 
with Payment Delay, follow the definition of “Interest 
Payment Date” in Condition 6.2(b)(viii).)
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention][Following Business Day 
Convention][Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Preceding Business Day Convention][Not 
Applicable]11
 
(Complete unless paragraph (m) below is applicable. See 
note to paragraph (a) above for guidance.)
(c)
Specified Business Centre(s):
[●][Not Applicable]12
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to Interest Period end dates 
and not the date of payment, to which paragraph 23 relates. 
Complete unless paragraph (m) below is applicable. See note 
to paragraph (a) above for guidance.)
(d) 
Manner in which the Interest Rate and 
Interest Amount is to be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Interest Rate and Interest Amount (if not 
the Fiscal Agent):
[● (the “Calculation Agent”)][Not Applicable] 
(f)
Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
● 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA][SOFR Index Rate with Observation Period 
Shift][Compounded SOFR with Lookback][Compounded 
SOFR with Observation Period Shift][Compounded SOFR 
with Payment Delay][TLREF][[●] [month] EURIBOR/ 
ROBOR/PRIBOR/HIBOR/SIBOR/NIBOR/WIBOR/CNH 
HIBOR]
●
Specified Time:
[●]
 
(11:00 a.m. in the case of SONIA, EURIBOR, ROBOR, 
PRIBOR, SIBOR, WIBOR and HIBOR, 11:15 a.m. in the case 
of CNH HIBOR, 12:00 noon in the case of NIBOR and 
3:00 p.m. in the case of SOFR.)
 
11 
Only not applicable in the case of Modified Floating Rate Notes. 
12 
In addition to certain other circumstances, not applicable in the case of Modified Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 177 ---
158 
● 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London][Brussels][New York City][Bucharest][Prague] 
[Hong 
Kong][Singapore][Oslo][Warsaw][●][Not 
Applicable]
 
(The Relevant Financial Centre will customarily be Brussels 
for EURIBOR, Bucharest for ROBOR, Prague for PRIBOR, 
Hong Kong for HIBOR and CNH HIBOR, Singapore for 
SIBOR, Oslo for NIBOR, Warsaw for WIBOR and New York 
City for SOFR.)
●
Interest Determination Date(s):
[●]
 
(The second day on which the T2 System is open prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, the second TLREF 
Business Day prior to the day on which the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period ends if TLREF, the second Bucharest 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
ROBOR, the second Prague business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if PRIBOR, the first day of each Interest 
Period if HIBOR, the second Singapore business day prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if SIBOR, the second Oslo 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
NIBOR, the second Warsaw business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if WIBOR, the second Hong Kong 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period if CNH 
HIBOR, the fifth London Banking Day prior to the day on 
which the relevant Interest Period ends (but that by its 
definition is excluded from the Interest Period) if SONIA and 
where the Calculation Method is Compounded Daily SONIA 
or, in the case of SONIA where the Calculation Method is 
Compounded Index Rate, the Relevant Number specified 
below, the fifth (or such other period as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the related Interest Payment Date for 
SOFR 
Index 
Rate 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift, 
Compounded SOFR with Lookback and Compounded SOFR 
with Observation Period Shift and, for Compounded SOFR 
with Payment Delay, the Interest Accrual Period End Date 
and the end of each Interest Accrual Period; provided that 
the Interest Determination Date with respect to the final 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the Rate Cut-Off Date.)
● 
Lookback 
Number 
of 
U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Days: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Compounded SOFR with Lookback)
● 
Observation Period Days: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days][Not 
Applicable] 
(The number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first date in the Interest Period and the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period for the definition of 
“Observation Period” in Condition 6.2(b)(v).) (applicable

--- Page 178 ---
159 
for SOFR Index Rate with Observation Period Shift and 
Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift) 
● 
SOFR Index Start Date: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days][Not 
Applicable] 
(The number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first date of the applicable Interest Period for 
the definition of “SOFR IndexStart” in Condition 6.2(b)(v).) 
(applicable for SOFR Index Rate with Observation Period 
Shift if to differ from the number of days set out in such 
definition) 
● 
SOFR Index End Date: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days][Not 
Applicable] 
(The number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for the applicable 
Interest Period for the definition of “SOFR IndexEnd” in 
Condition 6.2(b)(v).) (applicable for SOFR Index Rate with 
Observation Period Shift if to differ from the number of days 
set out in such definition) 
● 
Interest Accrual Period End 
Dates: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay) 
● 
Interest Accrual Period: 
[quarterly][semi-annually][other][Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay) 
● 
Rate Cut-Off Date: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay)
● 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, then 
ensure it is a page that shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately.)
● 
Calculation Method: 
[Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA][Compounded 
Index 
Rate][SOFR 
Index 
Rate 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift][Compounded SOFR with Lookback][Compounded 
SOFR with Observation Period Shift][Compounded SOFR 
with Payment Delay][Not Applicable] 
● 
Observation Method: 
[Lag][Shift][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable to Floating Rate Notes that reference 
SONIA and apply the Calculation Method of Compounded 
Daily SONIA – see above) 
● 
SONIA Compounded Index: 
[  ][Not Applicable]

--- Page 179 ---
160 
(If applicable, include definition of SONIA Compounded 
Index specifying any Relevant Screen Page and its time of 
publication and including definition of the Relevant Screen 
Page) (Only relevant to Floating Rate Notes that reference 
SONIA and specify “Not Applicable” under Observation 
Method above) 
● 
Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] London Banking Days][Not Applicable]13 
(Only relevant to SONIA where Compounded Daily SONIA 
is specified as the Calculation Method) 
(NB: A minimum of five London Banking Days should be 
specified unless otherwise agreed with the Fiscal Agent (or 
such other Person specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the party responsible for calculating the Interest Rate).) 
● 
Relevant Number: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant to SONIA where the Calculation Method is 
Compounded Index Rate. If the Fiscal Agent is also the 
Calculation Agent, then the Relevant Number shall not be 
less than “5” unless otherwise agreed with the Fiscal Agent.) 
● 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
Provisions Applicable: 
Condition 6.7(II) is [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable for Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR. 
If marked as “Not Applicable,” then the provisions of 
Condition 6.7(I) will apply to the Notes. Specify “Not 
Applicable” for all Floating Rate Notes referencing a 
benchmark other than SOFR.) 
(g)
ISDA Determination:
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
●
ISDA Definitions:
[2006 ISDA Definitions][2021 ISDA Definitions]
 
[NB: Certain fallback events and fallback triggers applicable 
to some, or in one instance all, relevant interest rates under 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions (i.e. “Administrator/Benchmark 
Event,” “Generic Fallbacks” and “Calculation Agent 
Alternative Rate Determination”) are not workable in a note 
issuance context without amendments to the Conditions to 
disapply those provisions and/or to include bespoke 
replacement provisions (and consequential amendments to 
the pro forma Final Terms). The additional amendments may 
be included in a drawdown prospectus at the point of issue.]
●
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, then ensure this is a 
Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions).)
 
13 Only relevant for SONIA Reference Rate

--- Page 180 ---
161 
●
Designated Maturity: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate.)
●
Reset Date:
[●]
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR-based option, the first day of the 
Interest Period.) 
(NB: The fall-back provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the ISDA Definitions are reliant upon 
the provision by reference banks of offered quotations for 
EURIBOR, which, depending upon market circumstances, 
might not be available at the relevant time.)
●
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, then delete the following row.)
●
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in 
the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As specified 
in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable Business 
Days]]
●
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, then delete the following row.)
●
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback

--- Page 181 ---
162 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in 
the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)] 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As specified 
in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
●
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, then delete the following row.) 
●
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable – the Interest Rate for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation [and [●] shall be the Calculation 
Agent for these purposes] (specify for each short or long 
interest period and, if the Calculation Agent is to be an entity 
other than the Issuer in accordance with Condition 6.2(e), 
then specify here the name of the Calculation Agent)]
(i)
Margin(s):
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum
(j)
Minimum Interest Rate:
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable]
(k)
Maximum Interest Rate:
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable]
(l)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]

--- Page 182 ---
163 
[Actual/360]
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
(m) 
2021 ISDA Definitions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Notes for which ISDA 
Determination is specified as being applicable in 
subparagraph 15(g) above)
(i)
Applicable Benchmark: 
[●][Not Applicable]
(ii)
Fixing Date:
[●][Not Applicable]
(iii)
Fixing Time:
[●][Not Applicable]
(iv) 
Any other terms relating to the 
2021 ISDA Definitions:
[●][Not Applicable] 
(n) 
Modified Floating Rate Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.)
(i) 
Payment 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention][Modified Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]
(ii)
Specified Financial Centre(s):
[●][Not Applicable]
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.)
(a)
Accrual Yield:
[●] per cent. per annum
(b)
Reference Price:
[●]
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts:
[30/360] 
[Actual/360]
[Actual/365]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
17.
Notice periods for Condition 8.2:
Minimum period: [●] days
Maximum period: [●] days
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]

--- Page 183 ---
164 
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount:
[[●] per Calculation Amount]
(c)
If redeemable in part:
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
(i)
Minimum Redemption Amount:
[●]
(ii)
Maximum Redemption Amount:
[●]
(d)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [●] days
 
Maximum period: [●] days 
 
(NB: When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which, in the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, require a minimum of five clearing system 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as well as 
any other notice requirements that may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of 
Registered Notes, the Registrar.)
19. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount:
[[●] per Calculation Amount]
(c)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [●] days
 
Maximum period: [●] days 
 
(NB: When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which, in the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as well as 
any other notice requirements that may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of 
Registered Notes, the Registrar.)
20.
Final Redemption Amount:
[[●] per Calculation Amount]
21. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons or on event of default:
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
22.
(a)
Form of Notes:
[Bearer Notes:
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note that is exchangeable for

--- Page 184 ---
165 
Definitive Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event]
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date]
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event]
[Definitive Bearer Notes]
 
[Bearer Notes shall not be physically delivered: (i) in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depositary or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian Law of 
14 December 2005, or (ii) in the United States of America.]]
 
(NB: The option for an issue of Notes to be represented on 
issue by a Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes should not be expressed to be applicable if 
the Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 
includes language substantially to the following effect: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000].”)
[Registered Notes:
 
[Regulation S Registered Global Note(s) registered in the 
name of a nominee for [DTC][a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg][a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
exchangeable for Definitive Registered Notes only upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event]
 
[Rule 144A Global Note(s) registered in the name of a 
nominee for [DTC][a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg][a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable for 
Definitive Registered Notes only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event]
[Definitive Regulation S Registered Notes]
[Rule 144A Definitive Registered Notes]
[IAI Definitive Notes]
 
[IAI Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
[DTC][a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg][a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable for Definitive 
Registered Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event]]

--- Page 185 ---
166 
 
(NB: In the case of an issue with more than one Global Note 
or a combination of one or more Bearer Global Note(s) and 
IAI Definitive Note(s), specify the nominal amounts of each 
Global Note and, if applicable, the aggregate nominal 
amount of all IAI Definitive Notes if such information is 
available.)
(b)
New Global Note:
[Yes][No] 
23. 
Specified Financial Centre(s): 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment and 
not the end dates of Interest Periods for the purpose of 
calculating 
the 
Interest 
Amount, 
to 
which 
sub-
paragraph 15(c) relates. Delete this paragraph if sub-
paragraphs 14(g)(vi) or 15(m)(ii) are completed.)
24. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
(Relevant to Definitive Bearer Notes only)
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are still to be made.][No] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO TURKISH LIRA NOTES 
25.
USD Payment Election:
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
 
(Only applicable for Notes the Specified Currency of which 
is Turkish Lira.)
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO RMB NOTES
26.
RMB Currency Event:
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.)
(a) 
Party responsible for calculating the Spot 
Rate:
[[●] (the “Calculation Agent”)] 
(b)
RMB Settlement Centre(s):
[●][Not Applicable]

--- Page 186 ---
167 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
The description[s of the ratings in sub-paragraph 2 of Part B of these Final Terms] [and] [other relevant third party 
information] [has/have] been extracted from [the websites of [name(s) of rating agency(ies)] [and] [specify source]]. The 
Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, as far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [name(s) of rating agency(ies)] [and] [specify source], no facts have been omitted that would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]
Signed on behalf of 
QNB Finansbank A.Ş.
By:...............................................................................
By:...............................................................................
Duly authorised
Duly authorised

--- Page 187 ---
168 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(a) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to the official 
list and to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin with effect from 
[●][; however, no assurance can be given that such 
application will be accepted].] [Not Applicable]
 
(When documenting an issue of Notes that is to be 
consolidated and to form a single Series with a previous 
listed issue, it should be indicated here that the original 
Notes are already listed and admitted to trading.)
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:
[●][Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Initial ratings: 
[The Notes [have been][are expected to be] initially rated 
“[●]” by [●] [and “[●]” by [●]].][The following rating[s] 
reflect[s] ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued under 
the Programme generally: “[●]” by [●] [and “[●]” by 
[●]].][Not Applicable]
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the Notes to be issued have been 
specifically rated, that rating.)
 
(The below additional disclosure in respect of the relevant 
credit rating agency(ies) is only required in Final Terms for 
Notes that are to be admitted to trading on an EEA regulated 
market.)
 
[Need to include here a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.]
 
[Each of [insert legal name of credit rating agency(ies)] is 
established in the [European Union/United Kingdom] and is 
registered under [Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009[ as it 
forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA] (the “[UK] CRA Regulation”)].]
 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is established in 
the [European Union/United Kingdom] and is not registered 
under [Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009[ as it forms part of 
United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA] (the 
“[UK] CRA Regulation”)].]
 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not established 
in the [European Union][ or][ the United Kingdom] but the

--- Page 188 ---
169 
rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
[European Union][ and ][United Kingdom] and is registered 
under [Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009[ as it forms part of 
United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA] (the 
“[UK] CRA Regulation”)].]
 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not established 
in the European Union or the United Kingdom but is certified 
under [Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009[ as it forms part of 
United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA] (the 
“[UK] CRA Regulation”)].]
 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not established 
in the European Union or the United Kingdom and is not 
certified under [Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (the “CRA 
Regulation”) or the CRA Regulation as it forms part of 
United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA] (the 
“UK CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the European Union or the United Kingdom and registered 
under the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation.]
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Except for any fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], as far as the Issuer is 
aware, no Person involved in the issue of the Notes has any interest, including a conflicting interest, that is material 
to the offer of the Notes. The [Managers/Dealers] and/or [its/their] [respective] affiliates have engaged, and may in 
the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. - Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests]. 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute 
“significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation.)]
4. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield:
[●] per cent. per annum
 
The yield is calculated as of the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.
5. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Notes only) 
Details of historic [SONIA/SOFR/EURIBOR/TLREF/ROBOR/PRIBOR/HIBOR/SIBOR/NIBOR/WIBOR/CNH 
HIBOR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters] at [●].

--- Page 189 ---
170 
6. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION (Floating Rate Notes only)14 
The below is provided in connection with the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011) of 
8 June 2016 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”).
(a) 
Name of “benchmark administrator” as 
described in the Benchmarks Regulation: 
[SONIA/SOFR/EURIBOR/TLREF/ROBOR/PRIBOR/ 
HIBOR/SIBOR/NIBOR/WIBOR/CNH HIBOR] is provided 
by [administrator legal name] 
(b) 
Such “benchmark administrator” appears 
on 
the 
register 
of 
administrators 
maintained pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation: 
[As of the date hereof, [administrator legal name] 
[appears]/[does not appear] in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation. [As far as the Issuer is aware, 
the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply such that such benchmark administrator is 
not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration 
(or, if located outside of the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).][As far as the Issuer is aware, 
the [Bank of England][Federal Reserve Bank of New York] 
as benchmark administrator of [SONIA][SOFR] does not 
fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation by virtue 
of Article 2 of that regulation and is not required to appear 
on the register of administrators maintained pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation.]][Not Applicable]
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(a)
ISIN:
[●][Not Applicable]
(b)
Common Code:
[●][Not Applicable]
(c) 
CUSIP: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(In the case of Notes using Compounded SOFR with 
Payment Delay, as DTC does not support such Notes in its 
“MMI” programme, a non-MMI CUSIP would need to be 
obtained in order to settle via DTC.)
(d) 
CINS: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(e) 
CFI Code: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN][Not 
Applicable][Not Available] 
 
14 Include this Item 6 only for Final Terms for Floating Rate Notes admitted to trading on an EEA regulated market.

--- Page 190 ---
171 
(f) 
FISN: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN][Not 
Applicable][Not Available] 
(If the CFI Code and/or FISN is not required or requested 
as of the completion of the Final Terms, then it/they should 
be specified to be “Not Applicable,” but if it/they is/are not 
available as of the completion of the Final Terms, then 
it/they should be specified to be “Not Available.”)
(g) 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Depository Trust Company, Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s):
[Not Applicable][give name(s) and number(s)] 
(h)
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
(i) 
Name(s) and address(es) of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
[●][Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Deemed delivery of clearing system 
notices for the purposes of Condition 15: 
[Any notice delivered to Noteholders of Notes held through 
a clearing system will be deemed to have been given on the 
[first/second] [business] day after the day on which it was 
given to the relevant clearing system.][Not Applicable]
(k) 
Intended to be held in a manner that would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the International Central Securities Depositaries[ (the 
“ICSDs”)] as common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper)][include this text for Registered Notes that are 
to be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them, the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the International Central Securities Depositaries[ 
(the “ICSDs”)] as common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper)] [include this text for Registered Notes that are 
to be held under the NSS]. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the European

--- Page 191 ---
172 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(a)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(b)
If syndicated, names of Managers:
[Not Applicable][give name(s)]
(c)
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any):
[Not Applicable][give name(s)] 
(d) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer:
[Not Applicable][give name] 
(e) 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
[Reg. S 
Compliance 
Category 2][Rule 
144A] 
[Section 4(a)(2)][Rules identical to those provided in 
[TEFRA C][TEFRA D] applicable][TEFRA not applicable]
(f) 
(i) Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products 
pursuant to the PRIIPS Regulation, then “Not Applicable” 
should be specified. If the Notes might constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document will 
be prepared, then “Applicable” should be specified.)
(ii) Prohibition of sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products 
pursuant to the UK PRIIPS Regulation, then “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes might 
constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared, then “Applicable” should be 
specified.)
(g) 
Prohibition of sales to Belgian consumers: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(NB: advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction.)
9. 
REASONS 
FOR 
THE 
OFFER[ 
AND 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS] 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes[, the estimated 
amount of which net proceeds is [●],]15 will [(or, as of the 
Issue Date, are intended to)] be applied by the Issuer for [its 
general corporate purposes][●]. 
(See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus. If the reason 
for the offer is different from general corporate purposes, 
then such specific reason will need to be included here.)
 
 
 
 
15 Include only for Final Terms for Notes admitted to trading on an EEA regulated market.

--- Page 192 ---
173 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes that, unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) at the time of issue, will be incorporated by reference into, or be attached to, each Global 
Note and Definitive Note (each as defined below), in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) at the time of issue but, if not so 
permitted and agreed, such Definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The 
applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and 
Definitive Note. Reference should be made to “Form of Applicable Final Terms” for a description of the content of the Final 
Terms, which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by QNB Finansbank A.Ș. (the “Issuer”) pursuant to 
the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References to “Notes” in these Terms and Conditions (these “Conditions”) shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
be references to the Notes of this Series and mean: (a) in relation to any Notes represented by a global note (a “Global Note”), 
such Global Note or any nominal amount thereof of a Specified Denomination, whether such Global Note is in bearer form (a 
“Global Bearer Note”) or registered form (a “Registered Global Note”), and (b) in relation to any definitive Notes in bearer 
form (the “Definitive Bearer Notes” and, with Global Bearer Notes, the “Bearer Notes”) or registered form (the “Definitive 
Registered Notes” and, with Definitive Bearer Notes, the “Definitive Notes”) (Definitive Registered Notes and Registered 
Global Notes being collectively the “Registered Notes”), such definitive Notes in bearer or, as the case may be, registered form. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement 
dated 13 June 2022 (as supplemented by a supplemental agency agreement dated 26 April 2023) (such agreement as further 
amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) and made among the Issuer, The Bank of 
New York Mellon, London Branch, as fiscal and principal paying agent and exchange agent (the “Fiscal Agent” and the 
“Exchange Agent,” which expressions shall, respectively, include any successor fiscal agent and exchange agent) and the other 
paying agents named therein (with the Fiscal Agent, the “Paying Agents,” which expression shall include any additional or 
successor paying agents), The Bank of New York Mellon, as transfer agent (with the Registrar (as defined below), the “Transfer 
Agents,” which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents), and The Bank of New York 
Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, as registrar (the “Registrar,” which expression shall include any successor registrar). 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will also appoint a calculation agent with respect to a Series 
of Notes (the “Calculation Agent,” which expression shall include any successor calculation agent and any other calculation 
agent specified in such Final Terms). 
Interest-bearing Definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”). In addition, interest-bearing Definitive 
Bearer Notes that, when issued, have more than 27 interest payments remaining have talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) 
attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a 
reference to Talons. Registered Notes and Bearer Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached to 
or endorsed on this Note and complete these Conditions. References to the “applicable Final Terms” are, unless otherwise 
stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Any reference to a “Noteholder” or “holder” in relation to a Note means: (a) in the case of a Bearer Note, the holder 
of such Note, and (b) in the case of a Registered Note, the Person(s) (as defined below) in whose name such Note is registered 
in the Register (as defined below), and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided 
below. Any reference herein to a “Couponholder” means the holder of a Coupon and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holder of the related Talon(s). 
As used herein, “Tranche” means an issue of Notes using the same Final Terms and that are identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading); provided that such may have different principal amounts, holder(s), serial

--- Page 193 ---
174 
numbers and (if applicable) securities codes, and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any other Tranche(s) of 
Notes: (a) that are expressed in the applicable Final Terms to be consolidated and form a single series with one or more previous 
Tranche(s) and (b) the terms and conditions of which are identical in all respects except for their respective issue dates (each 
an “Issue Date”), Tranche number, date of consolidation with one or more other Tranche(s), principal amounts, Interest 
Commencement Dates (unless this is a Zero Coupon Note) and Issue Prices, each as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of a deed of covenant dated 26 April 2018 and 
made by the Issuer (such deed as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”). The 
original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, a deed poll dated 26 April 2018 and made by the Issuer (such deed poll as amended, 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Deed Poll”), the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms of the 
applicable Tranche of Notes may be inspected during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Fiscal Agent, 
the other Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Exchange Agent and the other Transfer Agents (such agents being together referred 
to as the “Agents”) by any Noteholder or Couponholder that produces evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent 
as to its holding of such Notes or Coupons, as applicable, and identity. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to 
have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed Poll, the Deed of 
Covenant and the applicable Final Terms. The statements in these Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the 
detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same 
meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in 
the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall 
prevail. 
In these Conditions: (a) “euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended, and (b) “Renminbi” and “RMB” 
refer to the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), which (for the purposes of these Conditions) 
excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macao Special Administration Region of the PRC and 
Taiwan. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: (a) the term “law” shall (unless the context otherwise requires) be deemed to 
include legislation, regulations and other legal requirements and (b) unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law 
(including a provision of a law) is a reference to that law (or provision) as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
1.1 
Form and Denomination 
The Notes are either Bearer Notes or Registered Notes as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be numbered 
serially with an identifying number that the Issuer will procure to be recorded on the relevant Note and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, in the register of holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar outside of the United 
Kingdom (the “Register”) and shall be in the Specified Currency and Specified Denomination, in each case, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Definitive Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged 
for Definitive Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered 
Notes and vice versa. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to the Turkish Commercial Code (Law No. 6102), the Capital Markets Law (Law 
No. 6362) of the Republic of Türkiye (“Türkiye”) and the Communiqué on Debt Instruments No. VII-128.8 issued by 
the Turkish Capital Markets Board (in Turkish: Sermaye Piyasası Kurulu) (the “CMB”). 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the “Interest Basis” specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 194 ---
175 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached unless they are Zero Coupon Notes, in which case references 
to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not applicable. 
1.2 
Title to the Notes 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the Registered Notes 
will pass upon registration of transfer in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer and 
each of the Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon 
and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not any payment on such 
Note is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest or any writing on, or the theft or 
loss of, such Note) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in 
the following paragraphs of this Condition 1.2. 
For so long as Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) or its nominee is the registered holder of a Registered Global 
Note, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner and holder of the Notes represented 
by such Registered Global Note for all purposes under the Agency Agreement and such Notes except to the extent 
that in accordance with DTC’s published rules and procedures any ownership rights may be exercised by its 
participants or beneficial owners through DTC’s participants. The expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” 
and related expressions shall, for the purposes of any such Registered Global Note, be construed accordingly. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note deposited with and, in the case of a Registered Global 
Note, registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary or a common safekeeper, as the case may be, for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each Person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
such nominee, common depositary or common safekeeper) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, as the holder of a particular principal amount of such Global Note 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, as to the principal amount of such Global Note standing to the account of any Person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes except in the case of manifest or proven error) shall, upon receipt of such certificate or other 
document by the Issuer or an Agent, be treated by the Issuer or such Agent (as applicable) as if such Person were the 
holder of such principal amount of such Notes (and the bearer or registered holder of such Global Note shall be deemed 
not to be the holder) for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal, interest or other amounts on 
such Global Note, for which purpose the bearer of such Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of such Registered 
Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and each Agent as the holder of such principal amount of such Notes in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of such Global Note; it being understood that, with respect to any beneficial 
interests held by (or on behalf of) Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg in a Registered Global Note held by 
DTC or a nominee thereof, the rules of the preceding paragraph shall apply. The expressions “Noteholder” and “holder 
of Notes” and related expressions shall, for the purposes of any Global Note described in this paragraph, be construed 
accordingly. 
Notes that are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for 
the time being of the applicable clearing system. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of Beneficial Interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and (in turn) by direct and (if appropriate) indirect participants in such clearing 
systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such beneficial interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered 
Global Note will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for a 
Definitive Note of the same Series or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note of the same Series, 
in each case, only in the Specified Denomination(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms (and provided that the 
outstanding principal balance of such beneficial interest of the transferor not so transferred is an amount of at least the 
minimum Specified Denomination) and only in accordance with the then-applicable rules and operating procedures 
of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions 
specified in the Agency Agreement, the relevant Registered Global Note and/or the applicable Final Terms. Transfers

--- Page 195 ---
176 
of a Registered Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall be limited to transfers of such 
Registered Global Note, in whole but not in part, to another nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such 
successor’s nominee. 
2.2 
Transfers of Definitive Registered Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 2.4, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, 
a Definitive Registered Note may be transferred in whole or in part (in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the 
applicable Final Terms) (and provided that, if transferred in part, the outstanding principal balance of such Definitive 
Registered Note not so transferred is an amount of at least the minimum Specified Denomination). In order to effect 
any such transfer: (a) the holder(s) must: (i) surrender such Definitive Registered Note for registration of the transfer 
thereof (or of the relevant part thereof) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer 
(substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement, completed as appropriate) thereon duly executed by such 
holder(s) (or by one or more attorney(s) duly authorised in writing therefor), and (ii) complete and deliver such other 
certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due 
and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the Person(s) making the request. Any 
such transfer will be subject to such additional reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time 
to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in the Agency Agreement). 
Subject as provided in the preceding paragraph, the relevant Transfer Agent will promptly (and, in any event, within 
three business days (being for this purpose a day on which commercial banks are open for business in the city where 
the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located)) after its receipt of such a request (or such longer period 
as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws), authenticate (or procure the authentication of) 
and: (x) deliver, or procure the delivery of, at its specified office to the specified transferee or (y) if so requested by 
the specified transferee (and then at the risk of such transferee), send by uninsured mail (to such address as such 
transferee may request) a new Definitive Registered Note of a like aggregate principal amount to the Definitive 
Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Definitive Registered Note) being transferred. 
In the case of the transfer of part only of a Definitive Registered Note, a new Definitive Registered Note in respect of 
the balance of the Definitive Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (if so requested 
by the transferor, and then at the risk of such transferor) sent by uninsured mail (to such transferor’s address in the 
Register) to such transferor. No transfer of a Definitive Registered Note (or a portion thereof) will be valid unless and 
until entered in the Register. 
2.3 
Costs of Registration 
Noteholders will not be charged by the Issuer or any of the Agents for any costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration of transfer of Notes in the Register as provided in this Condition 2, except for any costs or expenses of 
delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer and/or any Agent may require the payment of 
a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the 
registration and/or transfer. 
2.4 
Noteholder Establishment of Clearing of a Definitive Registered Note 
For so long as any Notes of a Series are represented by a Registered Global Note, a holder of a Definitive Registered 
Note of the same Series may (to the extent that it has established settlement through DTC, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg) exchange such Definitive Registered Note for interests in the relevant Registered Global 
Note of the same Series at any time. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and Coupons (and claims for payment by the Issuer in respect thereof) are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and (subject as 
provided above) rank and will rank pari passu without any preference or priority among themselves and with all other 
outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future, but, in the event of insolvency,

--- Page 196 ---
177 
bankruptcy, liquidation or similar event relating to the Issuer, only to the extent permitted by applicable laws relating 
to creditors’ rights. 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
4.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note of this Series remains outstanding, the Issuer will not create or have outstanding any mortgage, 
charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each a “Security Interest”) upon, or with respect to, any of its present or 
future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness 
unless the Issuer, in the case of the creation of a Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in any other case, 
promptly, takes any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(a) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes of this Series are secured by the Security Interest equally and 
rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness, 
(b) 
such Security Interest is terminated, 
(c) 
such other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of a Security Interest) is provided for the benefit 
of the Noteholders as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of this Series, or 
(d) 
such Security Interest is provided as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of this 
Series. 
Nothing in this Condition 4.1 shall prevent the Issuer from creating or permitting to subsist any Security Interest upon, 
or with respect to, any present or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) or 
any part thereof that is created pursuant to: (i) a bond, note or other indebtedness whereby the payment obligations 
are secured by a segregated pool of assets (whether held by the Issuer or any third party guarantor) (any such bond, 
note or other indebtedness, a “Covered Bond”) or (ii) any securitisation of receivables or other payment rights, asset-
backed financing or similar financing structure (created in accordance with normal market practice) and whereby all 
payment obligations secured by such Security Interest or having the benefit of such Security Interest are to be 
discharged principally from such business, undertaking, assets or revenues (or, in the case of Direct Recourse 
Securities, by direct unsecured recourse to the Issuer); provided that the aggregate then-existing balance sheet value 
of receivables or other assets subject to any Security Interest created in respect of: (A) Covered Bonds that are Relevant 
Indebtedness and (B) any other secured Relevant Indebtedness (other than Direct Recourse Securities) of the Issuer, 
when added to the outstanding principal amount of all Direct Recourse Securities that are Relevant Indebtedness, does 
not, at the time of the incurrence thereof, exceed 15% of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer (as shown in the 
most recent audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with the BRSA Principles). 
4.2 
Defined Terms 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“BRSA Principles” means the laws relating to the accounting and financial reporting of banks in Türkiye (including 
the “Regulation on Accounting Applications for Banks and Safeguarding of Documents” published in the Official 
Gazette No. 26333 dated 1 November 2006, other regulations on the accounting records of banks published by the 
Banking Regulation and Supervision Board, which is the board of the Banking Regulation and Supervision Agency 
(in Turkish: Bankacılık Düzenleme ve Denetleme Kurumu) (the “BRSA”), and circulars and interpretations published 
by the BRSA) and the requirements of the “Turkish Accounting Standards” (including TAS 34 on “Interim Financial 
Reporting”) and “Turkish Financial Reporting Standards” issued by the Public Oversight, Accounting and Auditing 
Standards Authority (in Turkish: Kamu Gözetimi Muhasebe ve Denetim Standartları Kurumu) for the matters that are 
not regulated by such laws, 
“Direct Recourse Securities” means securities (other than Covered Bonds) issued in connection with any securitisation 
of receivables or other payment rights, asset-backed financing or similar financing structure (created in accordance

--- Page 197 ---
178 
with normal market practice) and whereby all payment obligations secured by a Security Interest or having the benefit 
of a Security Interest are to be discharged principally from such business, undertaking, assets or revenues or by direct 
unsecured recourse to the Issuer, and 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means: (a) any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, interest or 
other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities that 
(with the consent of the issuer of the indebtedness) are for the time being quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any 
stock exchange, over-the-counter or other organised securities market or any loan disbursed to the Issuer as a borrower 
under a loan participation note or similar transaction, where such securities or loans have an initial maturity at issue 
or disbursement in excess of 365 days, and (b) any guarantee or indemnity of any such indebtedness. 
5. 
COVENANTS 
5.1 
Maintenance of Authorisations 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall take all necessary action to maintain, obtain and promptly 
renew, and do or cause to be done all things reasonably necessary to ensure the continuance of, all consents, 
permissions, licences, approvals and authorisations, and make or cause to be made all registrations, recordings and 
filings, that may at any time be required to be obtained or made in Türkiye (including, without limitation, with the 
CMB and the BRSA) for: (a) the execution, delivery or performance of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, 
the Deed Poll and the Notes or for the validity or enforceability thereof or (b) except to the extent any failure to do so 
does not have a material adverse effect on: (i) the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Issuer or 
(ii) the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Notes, the conduct by it of the Permitted Business. 
5.2 
Transactions with Affiliates 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and shall not permit any of its Material Subsidiaries to, 
in any 12 month period: (a) make any payment to, (b) sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its properties, 
revenues or assets to, (c) purchase any properties, revenues or assets from or (d) enter into or make or amend any 
transaction, contract, agreement, understanding, loan, advance, indemnity or guarantee (whether related or not) with, 
or for the benefit of, any Affiliate (each an “Affiliate Transaction”), which Affiliate Transaction has (or, when taken 
together with any other Affiliate Transactions during such 12 month period, in the aggregate have) a value in excess 
of US$50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) unless such Affiliate Transaction is on terms that are no 
less favourable to the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary than those that would have been obtained in a 
comparable transaction by the Issuer or such Material Subsidiary with an unrelated Person. 
5.3 
Financial Reporting 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent for distribution to any Noteholder 
upon such Noteholder’s written request to the Fiscal Agent: 
(a) 
not later than six months after the end of each financial year of the Issuer, English language copies of the 
Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements for such financial year, prepared in accordance with IFRS, 
with the corresponding financial statements for the preceding financial year, and all such annual financial 
statements shall be accompanied by the report of the auditors thereon, 
(b) 
in the event that the Issuer prepares and publishes consolidated financial statements for the first six months 
of any financial year of the Issuer in accordance with IFRS, not later than 120 days after the end of that 
period, English language copies of such financial statements for such six-month period, with (if prepared) 
the corresponding financial statements for the corresponding period of the preceding financial year, 
(c) 
not later than 120 days after the end of each financial year of the Issuer, English language copies of its audited 
consolidated financial statements for such financial year, prepared in accordance with the BRSA Principles, 
with the corresponding financial statements for the preceding financial year, and all such interim financial 
statements shall be accompanied by the report of the auditors thereon, and

--- Page 198 ---
179 
(d) 
not later than 120 days after the end of each of the first three quarters of each financial year of the Issuer, 
English language copies of its unaudited (or, if published, audited) consolidated financial statements for such 
three month period, prepared in accordance with the BRSA Principles, with the corresponding financial 
statements for the corresponding period of the previous financial year, and all such interim financial 
statements shall be accompanied by the report of the auditors thereon; 
provided that any such financial statement shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which the Issuer has published 
such financial statement (in a manner that is readily accessible to all) on its website (as of 26 April 2023, 
www.qnbfinansbank.com/en/investor-relations/financial-information) (the Issuer shall promptly notify the Fiscal Agent that 
the Issuer has published such financial statement on such website). 
5.4 
Defined Terms 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Affiliate” means, in respect of any specified Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled 
by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person, and, in the case of a natural person, any 
immediate family member of such person; for the purposes of this definition, “control,” as used with respect to any 
Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management 
or policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise, and the 
terms “controlling,” “controlled by” and “under common control with” shall have corresponding meanings, 
“IFRS” means the requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board (the “IASB”) and interpretations issued by the International Financial Reporting Interpretations 
Committee of the IASB (as amended, supplemented or re-issued from time to time), 
“Material Subsidiary” means at any time a Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary that itself has Subsidiaries) represent (or, in the 
case of a Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles relate, are equal to) not less 
than 15% of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer, all as calculated respectively by reference to the then 
latest audited financial statements (consolidated or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary 
prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles and the then latest audited consolidated financial statements 
of the Issuer prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles; provided that: (i) in the case of a Subsidiary of 
the Issuer acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles relate or (ii) in the case of any such 
Subsidiary for which its then latest relevant audited financial statements, at the time of such acquisition, are 
not prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles, the reference to the then latest audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles and the relevant then latest 
financial statements of such Subsidiary for the purposes of the calculation above shall, until consolidated 
financial statements for the financial period in which the acquisition is made have been prepared and audited 
in accordance with BRSA Principles as aforesaid, be deemed to be a reference to such consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer as if such Subsidiary had been shown in such financial statements by reference to 
such Subsidiary’s then latest relevant audited financial statements, adjusted as deemed appropriate by the 
Issuer (including to reflect a conversion of such financial statements into BRSA Principles if the then latest 
relevant audited financial statements of such Subsidiary were not prepared in accordance with BRSA 
Principles), 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a Subsidiary of 
the Issuer that immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary; provided that the transferor 
Subsidiary shall upon such transfer immediately cease to be a Material Subsidiary and the transferee 
Subsidiary shall immediately become a Material Subsidiary pursuant to this clause (b) but shall cease to be 
a Material Subsidiary on the date of publication of the Issuer’s next audited consolidated financial statements 
prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles unless it would then be a Material Subsidiary under any other 
applicable provision of this definition, or

--- Page 199 ---
180 
(c) 
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets that, taken with the undertaking or assets of the transferee 
Subsidiary, represent (or, in the case of the transferee Subsidiary being acquired after the end of the financial 
period to which the then latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance 
with BRSA Principles relate, are equal to) not less than 15% of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer, all 
as calculated as set out in clause (a); provided that the transferor Subsidiary (if a Material Subsidiary) shall 
upon such transfer immediately cease to be a Material Subsidiary unless, immediately following such 
transfer, its assets represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 15% of the consolidated total 
assets of the Issuer (all as calculated as set out in clause (a)), and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be 
a Material Subsidiary pursuant to this clause (c) on the date of the publication of the Issuer’s next audited 
consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles; provided that such 
transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on or at any time after the 
date on which such consolidated financial statements have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue 
of the provisions of clause (a) or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other applicable provision of 
this definition. 
A report by the independent auditors of the Issuer that in their opinion a Subsidiary is or is not or was or was not at 
any particular time a Material Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding upon all 
parties, 
“Permitted Business” means any business that is the same as or related, ancillary or complementary to any of the 
businesses of the Issuer on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of this Series, 
“Person” means any individual, company, partnership, association, unincorporated organisation, trust or other 
juridical entity, including, without limitation, any state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality, and 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”), any other Person: (a) in which such first Person 
holds a majority of the voting rights, (b) of which such first Person is a member and has the right to appoint or remove 
a majority of the board of directors or (c) of which such first Person is a member and controls a majority of the voting 
rights, and includes any company that is a Subsidiary of a Subsidiary of such Person; however, in relation to the 
consolidated financial statements of a Person, a Subsidiary shall mean Persons that are consolidated into such first 
Person. 
6. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes or Zero Coupon 
Notes. 
6.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 6.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the 
determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 6.1 for full information on the 
manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms specifies the 
Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, the Fixed 
Coupon Amount, any applicable Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction, any applicable 
Determination Date and whether the provisions relating to Modified Fixed Rate Notes will be applicable. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum 
equal to the applicable Rate(s) of Interest. Interest on Fixed Rate Notes will, subject as provided in these Conditions, 
be payable in arrear on the applicable Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
In the case of Definitive Notes, the Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount, where a “Fixed Coupon Amount” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, to the Fixed Coupon Amount so specified; provided that the Interest Amount payable on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified.

--- Page 200 ---
181 
Except in the case of Definitive Notes where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount (and, if applicable, a Broken 
Amount) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by multiplying 
the then-applicable Interest Rate by: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes that are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note, or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such amount by the applicable Day Count Fraction. The resultant figure (including the 
application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount to the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate 
Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency (with half of any 
such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention with the written 
consent of the Issuer). Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is an amount other 
than the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable on such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
If Modified Fixed Rate Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Interest Periods and Interest 
Amounts are specified as being subject to adjustment, then a Business Day Convention shall also be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and (where applicable) Interest Payment Dates shall be postponed or brought forward, as the 
case may be, in accordance with Condition 6.6(b) and the relevant Interest Period and Interest Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period will be adjusted accordingly. 
6.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
This Condition 6.2 applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to 
the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 6.2 for full information 
on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms specifies 
any Specified Interest Payment Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day 
Convention, any Specified Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to 
the calculation of interest, the party who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the Fiscal Agent, the 
Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates, the Day Count Fraction and whether the provisions relating to 
Modified Floating Rate Notes will be applicable. Where “ISDA Determination” applies to the calculation of interest, 
the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date. 
Where Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify 
the applicable Reference Rate, Specified Time, Relevant Financial Centre, Interest Determination Date(s) and 
Relevant Screen Page. 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such 
interest shall be payable, subject as provided in these Conditions, in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms, or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date 
(each such date, with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest Payment Date” for the 
purpose of such Floating Rate Note) that falls the number of months or other period specified as the 
Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest shall be payable in respect of each Interest Period.

--- Page 201 ---
182 
(b) 
Interest Rate 
The Interest Rate payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the 
manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where “ISDA Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the manner 
in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be determined, the Interest Rate for such Tranche 
for each Interest Period shall be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this clause (i), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Fiscal Agent or other 
Person specified in the applicable Final Terms under an interest rate swap transaction if the Fiscal 
Agent or that other Person were acting as the Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (if applicable) is the period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(D) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option and a Compounding 
Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method will be one of the following as specified in the applicable Final Terms: (1) 
Compounding with Lookback, (2) Compounding with Observation Period Shift or (3) 
Compounding with Lockout, 
(E) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option and an Averaging Method 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the Overnight Averaging Method will be 
one of the following as specified in the applicable Final Terms: (1) Averaging with 
Lookback, (2) Averaging with Observation Period Shift or (3) Averaging with Lockout, 
and 
(F) 
if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, then the Index 
Method will be the Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the ISDA Definitions 
to numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall be deemed to be references to 
the numbers or other items specified for such purpose in the applicable Final Terms. Unless 
otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Interest Rate shall be deemed to be 
zero. 
For the purposes of this clause (i), “Floating Rate,” “Calculation Agent,” “Floating Rate Option,” 
“Designated Maturity,” “Reset Date,” “Overnight Floating Rate Option,” “Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method,” “Compounding with Lookback,” “Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift,” “Compounding with Lockout,” “Averaging with Lookback,” “Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift,” “Averaging with Lockout,” “Compounded Index Floating Rate Option,” “Index 
Method” and “Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift” shall have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 202 ---
183 
For these purposes, “ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to any Series of Notes: 
(a) 
unless “2021 ISDA Definitions” are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and supplemented as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of Notes of this Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor 
or replacement thereof) (“ISDA”), or 
(b) 
if “2021 ISDA Definitions” are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including 
each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor or replacement thereof), each as 
published by ISDA at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of this Series. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than for SOFR, SONIA or TLREF) 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be determined in respect of any Reference 
Rate other than for SOFR, SONIA or TLREF, the Interest Rate for such Tranche for each Interest 
Period shall, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen Page, the offered quotation, or 
(B) 
in any other case, the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate(s) that appear(s) on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service that displays the information) as of the 
Specified Time in the Relevant Financial Centre on the Interest Determination Date in question plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, then the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, then only one of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, then only one of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of clause (A) above, no such offered 
quotation appears or if, in the case of clause (B) above, fewer than three such offered quotations 
appear, in each case as of the Specified Time, then the Issuer shall request each of the Reference 
Banks to provide the Fiscal Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time in the Relevant Financial Centre 
on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks promptly so 
provide the Fiscal Agent with such offered quotations, then the Interest Rate for the applicable 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Fiscal Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Fiscal 
Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, then the Interest Rate for 
the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum that the Fiscal Agent determines as being 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Fiscal Agent by the Reference 
Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the eurozone

--- Page 203 ---
184 
interbank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Romanian interbank market (if the 
Reference Rate is ROBOR), the Prague interbank market (if the Reference Rate is PRIBOR), the 
Hong Kong interbank market (if the Reference Rate is HIBOR or CNH HIBOR), the Singapore 
interbank market (if the Reference Rate is SIBOR), the Norwegian interbank market (if the 
Reference Rate is NIBOR), the Warsaw interbank market (if the Reference Rate is WIBOR) or the 
interbank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks promptly 
provide the Fiscal Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, 
at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
bank(s) (which bank(s) is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the 
Fiscal Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the eurozone interbank market (if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR), the Romanian interbank market (if the Reference Rate is ROBOR), the Prague 
interbank market (if the Reference Rate is PRIBOR), the Hong Kong interbank market (if the 
Reference Rate is HIBOR or CNH HIBOR), the Singapore interbank market (if the Reference Rate 
is SIBOR), the Norwegian interbank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR), the Warsaw 
interbank market (if the Reference Rate is WIBOR) or the interbank market of the Relevant 
Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if 
any); provided that if the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, then the Interest Rate shall be determined as of the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period). 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA and for which the 
Calculation Method is Compounded Daily SONIA 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be determined, the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SONIA and the Calculation Method is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily SONIA,” then: 
(A) 
The Interest Rate for each Interest Accrual Period shall, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SONIA, as determined by the Calculation Agent, plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
(B) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period, the applicable 
SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise 
been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the SONIA Reference Rate in 
respect of such London Banking Day shall, unless the Calculation Agent has been notified 
of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments) in accordance with 
Condition 6.7(I)(e), be the sum of: (1) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) 
prevailing at 5:00 p.m. (or, if earlier, the close of business) on such London Banking Day 
and (2) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there are more than one highest spread, then 
only one of those highest spreads) and the lowest spread (or, if there are more than one 
lowest spread, then only one of those lowest spreads). 
(C) 
Notwithstanding clause (B) of this Condition 6.2(b)(iii) and subject to Condition 6.7(I)(e), 
in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as to: (1) how the SONIA Reference 
Rate is to be determined or (2) any rate that is to replace the SONIA Reference Rate, then

--- Page 204 ---
185 
the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that is reasonably practicable and as set forth in 
a direction from the Issuer in writing, follow such guidance in order to determine the 
SONIA Reference Rate for any London Banking Day “i” for purposes of the Notes and for 
so long as the SONIA Reference Rate is not available or has not been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors. 
(D) 
If, on any Interest Determination Date, the Interest Rate cannot be determined by reference 
to any of clauses (A) to (C) of this Condition 6.2(b)(iii), then the Interest Rate for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be: (1) the Interest Rate determined as of the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum 
Interest Rate relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (2) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate that would have been 
applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (and applying the Margin and, if applicable, 
any Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate applicable to the first Interest 
Accrual Period). 
(E) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11, then the final 
Interest Rate shall be calculated for the period from (and including) the most recent Interest 
Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date 
on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Interest Rate shall continue to 
apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in 
Condition 6.5. 
(F) 
As used in this Condition 6.2(b)(iii): 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other entity specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the Person responsible for the calculation of the Rate(s) of Interest and the 
Interest Amount(s) or such other amounts as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to any Interest Accrual Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily SONIA Reference Rate 
as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage shall be rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴୧ × 𝑛୧
365
൰−1
ௗ೚
௜ୀଵ
቏× 365
𝑑 
“d” means: (a) where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, or (b) where 
in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method, the number 
of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period, 
“do” means: (a) where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, or

--- Page 205 ---
186 
(b) where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method, the 
number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period, 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(a) where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method, the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, or (b) where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is 
specified as the Observation Method, the relevant Observation Period, 
“Interest Accrual Period” means: (a) each Interest Period and (b) any other Relevant 
Period, 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means a day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London, England, 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the earlier of: (a) the following 
London Banking Day and (b) the last day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period or, in 
respect of the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date, 
“Observation Look-Back Period” means the period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, 
“Observation Period” means the period from (and including) the date falling “p” London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding): (a) the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Accrual Period or (b) such date (if any) on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (but that by its definition and the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from the Interest Accrual Period), 
“p” means the number of London Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (which, if the Fiscal Agent is also the 
Calculation Agent, shall not be less than “5” unless otherwise agreed with the Fiscal Agent 
in the applicable Final Terms), 
“Relevant SONIAi” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i”: (a) where “Lag” is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, SONIAi-pLBD, or (b) 
where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
SONIAiLBD, 
“SONIA Reference Rate,” in respect of any London Banking Day (“LBDx”), means a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such 
LBDx as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors, in each case on the London Banking 
Day immediately following such LBDx,  
“SONIAiLBD” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for such London Banking Day “i”, and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the London Banking Day falling 
“p” London Banking Days prior to such London Banking Day “i”.

--- Page 206 ---
187 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA and for which the 
Calculation Method is Compounded Index Rate 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be determined, the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SONIA and the Calculation Method is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded Index Rate,” then the Interest Rate for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be Compounded Daily SONIA for the Interest Accrual Period 
determined by reference to the screen rate or index for Compounded Daily SONIA administered by 
the administrator of the SONIA Reference Rate that is published or displayed by such administrator 
or other information service from time to time at the relevant time on the relevant Index 
Determination Dates specified below as further specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “SONIA 
Compounded Index”) as calculated in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage shall be rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin, if any, all 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SONIA rate is equal to: 
 
where: 
“x” denotes that the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is the SONIA Compounded Index 
determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to the 
first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
“y” denotes that the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is the SONIA Compounded Index 
determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period or such other date as when the relevant 
payment of interest falls to be due (but that by definition or the operation of the relevant provisions 
is excluded from such Interest Accrual Period), 
a day on which the SONIA Compounded Index is determined pursuant to  clause “x” or “y” above 
is referred to as an “Index Determination Date,” 
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which “x” is 
determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which “y” is determined, and 
“Relevant Number” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so 
specified, five London Banking Days). 
If the SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the administrator of the SONIA 
Reference Rate or other information service at the relevant time on any relevant Index 
Determination Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the Compounded Daily SONIA 
rate for the applicable Interest Accrual Period for which SONIA Compounded Index is not available 
shall be “Compounded Daily SONIA” determined in accordance with Condition 6.2(b)(iii) above 
as if Compounded Daily SONIA had been specified in the applicable Final Terms in place of 
Compounded Index Rate. For these purposes, the “Calculation Method” shall be deemed to be 
“Compounded Daily SONIA,” the “Relevant Number” specified in the applicable Final Terms shall 
be deemed to be the “Observation Lookback Period” and “Observation Method” shall be deemed

--- Page 207 ---
188 
be “Shift,” as if Compounded Index Rate is not specified as being applicable and these alternative 
elections had been made. 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11, then the final Interest Rate 
shall be calculated for the period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if 
none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date on which the Notes become so 
due and payable, and such Interest Rate shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest 
continues to accrue thereon as provided in Condition 6.5. 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SOFR and for which the 
Calculation Method is SOFR Index Rate with Observation Period Shift 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be determined, the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR and the Calculation Method is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being “SOFR Index Rate with Observation Period Shift,” then the 
Interest Rate for each Interest Period shall be Compounded SOFR, as defined immediately below, 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
“Compounded SOFR,” with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate computed in accordance 
with the following formula (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards): 
൬𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥ா௡ௗ  
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥ௌ௧௔௥௧ 
−1൰𝑥360
𝑑௖
 
where: 
“SOFR IndexStart” is the SOFR Index value for the day that is five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days, or such other number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms, preceding the first date of the relevant 
Interest Period, 
“SOFR IndexEnd” is the SOFR Index value for the day that is five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days, or such other number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms, preceding the Interest Payment Date 
relating to such Interest Period, and 
“dc” is the number of calendar days from (and including) SOFR IndexStart to (but excluding) 
SOFR IndexEnd. 
“Interest Period” means each period, the duration of which will be indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms, from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or, in the case of the first Interest Period, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date (or, in the case of 
the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Floating Rate Notes 
on the redemption date, the redemption date). 
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator 
of the “Secured Overnight Financing Rate”). 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(currently 
www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-reference-rates-information) 
or 
any 
successor source.

--- Page 208 ---
189 
“SOFR Index” means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the SOFR 
Index value as published by the SOFR Administrator as such index appears on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (the “SOFR Index Determination Time”); provided that if a SOFR Index value does 
not so appear at the SOFR Index Determination Time, then: 
(a) 
if a Benchmark Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (each as defined in 
Condition 6.7(II)) have not occurred with respect to SOFR, then Compounded SOFR shall 
be the rate determined pursuant to the “SOFR Index Unavailable Provisions” definition 
below, or 
(b) 
if a Benchmark Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to SOFR, then Compounded SOFR shall be the rate determined pursuant to 
Condition 6.7(II). 
where: 
“SOFR” means the daily secured overnight financing rate as published by the SOFR 
Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website, 
“SOFR Index Unavailable Provisions”: If a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not 
published on the associated Interest Determination Date and a Benchmark Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date (each as defined in Condition 6.7(II)) have not 
occurred with respect to SOFR, then “Compounded SOFR” means, for the applicable 
Interest Period for which such index is not available, the rate of return on a daily 
compounded interest investment calculated in accordance with the formula for “SOFR 
Averages,” and definitions required for such formula, published on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website. For the purposes of this provision, references in the “SOFR 
Averages” compounding formula and related definitions to “calculation period” shall be 
replaced with “Observation Period” and the words “that is, 30-, 90-, or 180- calendar days” 
shall be removed. If the daily SOFR (“SOFRi”) does not so appear for any day “i” in the 
Observation Period, then SOFRi for such day “i” shall be SOFR published in respect of the 
first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which SOFR was published 
on the SOFR Administrator’s Website, and 
“Interest Determination Date” means the date the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms before each Interest Payment Date, 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from (and including) the 
date that is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms preceding the first date in such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date that is the 
same number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days so specified and preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period, and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday or a 
day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SOFR and for which the 
Calculation Method is Compounded SOFR with Lookback 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be determined, the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR and the Calculation Method is specified in

--- Page 209 ---
190 
the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded SOFR with Lookback,” then the Interest Rate 
for each Interest Period shall be Compounded SOFR, as defined immediately below, plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
“Compounded SOFR,” with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅௜ି ௬௎ௌ஻஽ 𝑥 𝑛௜   
360
൰
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
−1቏ 𝑥 360
𝑑 
“d0” for any Interest Period means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in such 
Interest Period, 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, 
“SOFRi-yUSBD” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period 
is equal to SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling “y” (the 
Lookback Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days) days prior to that day “i”, 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period is the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” 
to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”), and 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period. 
“SOFR,” with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New 
York time) on the next U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the “SOFR 
Determination Time”), 
(b) 
if the rate specified in clause (a) does not so appear, unless both a Benchmark Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date (as each such term is defined in Condition 6.7(II)) 
have occurred, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website, or 
(c) 
if a Benchmark Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the 
Benchmark Replacement, subject to the provisions described (and as defined) in 
Condition 6.7(II), 
where: 
“Interest Period” and “Interest Determination Date” each have the meaning ascribed to the 
respective term in Condition 6.2(b)(v), and 
“Lookback Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days” has the meaning specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and represented in the formula above as “y”.

--- Page 210 ---
191 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SOFR and for which the 
Calculation Method is Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be determined, the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR and the Calculation Method is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift,” then the 
Interest Rate for each Interest Period shall be Compounded SOFR, as defined immediately below, 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
“Compounded SOFR,” with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅௜ 𝑥 𝑛௜   
360
൰
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
−1቏ 𝑥 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d0” for any Observation Period means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
in the relevant Observation Period, 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Observation Period, 
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period 
is equal to SOFR (as defined in Condition 6.2(b)(vi)) in respect of that day “i”, 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period is the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” 
to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”), and 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
“Interest Period,” “Interest Determination Date” and “Observation Period” each have the meaning 
ascribed to the respective term in Condition 6.2(b)(v). 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SOFR and for which the 
Calculation Method is Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be determined, the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR and the Calculation Method is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay,” then the Interest 
Rate for each Interest Period shall be Compounded SOFR, as defined immediately below, plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
“Compounded SOFR” with respect to any Interest Accrual Period means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):

--- Page 211 ---
192 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅௜ 𝑥 𝑛௜   
360
൰
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
−1቏ 𝑥 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d0” for any Interest Accrual Period means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period is equal to SOFR (as defined in Condition 6.2(b)(vi)) in respect of that day “i”, 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Accrual Period is 
the number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”), and 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means each quarterly period, or such other period as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, from (and including) an Interest Accrual Period End Date (or, in the case 
of the first Interest Accrual Period, the issue date) to (but excluding) the next Interest Accrual Period 
End Date (or, in the case of the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer 
elects to redeem the Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay Notes on any earlier redemption date, 
the redemption date). 
“Interest Accrual Period End Dates” means the dates specified in the applicable Final Terms, ending 
on the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elect to redeems the Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay 
Notes on any earlier redemption date, the redemption date. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the second Business Day, or such other Business Day as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, following each Interest Accrual Period End Date; provided that the 
Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period shall be the Maturity Date 
or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay Notes on any earlier 
redemption date, the redemption date. 
“Interest Payment Determination Date” means the Interest Accrual Period End Date at the end of 
each Interest Accrual Period; provided that the Interest Payment Determination Date with respect to 
the final Interest Accrual Period shall be the Rate Cut-Off Date. 
“Rate Cut-Off Date” means the fifth U.S. Government Securities Business Day, or such other U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as specified in the applicable Final Terms, prior to the 
Maturity Date or redemption date, as applicable. For purposes of calculating Compounded SOFR 
with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period, the level of SOFR for each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date or any earlier redemption date, as applicable, shall be the level of SOFR in respect 
of such Rate Cut-Off Date. 
If any scheduled Interest Accrual Period End Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, then 
such date shall be postponed to the following Business Day except that, if such following Business 
Day would fall in the next calendar month, then the Interest Accrual Period End Date shall be the 
immediately preceding Business Day.

--- Page 212 ---
193 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference TLREF 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be determined and the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being TLREF, then the Interest Rate for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall, subject as provided below, be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant TLREF Interest Determination Date (by reference to the relevant published TLREF Indices 
in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period) in accordance with the following formula: 
⎩⎪⎨
⎪⎧
൮
𝑇ℎ𝑒 𝑝𝑢𝑏𝑙𝑖𝑠ℎ𝑒𝑑 𝑇𝐿𝑅𝐸𝐹 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑜𝑛 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑠𝑒𝑐𝑜𝑛𝑑 𝑇𝐿𝑅𝐸𝐹 𝐵𝑢𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑒𝑠𝑠 𝐷𝑎𝑦
𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑐𝑒𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑎𝑝𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑐𝑎𝑏𝑙𝑒 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒
𝑇ℎ𝑒 𝑝𝑢𝑏𝑙𝑖𝑠ℎ𝑒𝑑 𝑇𝐿𝑅𝐸𝐹 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑜𝑛 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑠𝑒𝑐𝑜𝑛𝑑 𝑇𝐿𝑅𝐸𝐹 𝐵𝑢𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑒𝑠𝑠 𝐷𝑎𝑦
𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑐𝑒𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑣𝑖𝑜𝑢𝑠 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒
൲
௡ଵ
௡ଶ
−1
⎭⎪⎬
⎪⎫
∗100 
(and the resulting percentage shall be rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any); provided that, in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, references to the “published 
TLREF Index on the second TLREF Business Day preceding the previous Interest Payment Date” 
shall be replaced by a reference to the “published TLREF Index on the day that is two TLREF 
Business Days preceding the first date of such Interest Accrual Period.” 
For the purposes of the formula above and this Condition 6.2(b)(ix): 
“BIST TLREF Index” means the TLREF value announced via the BISTECH Data Dissemination 
System (in Turkish: BISTECH Veri Paylaşım Sistemi) as published on the TLREF Relevant Screen. 
“Calculation Agent” means the Issuer or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a financial 
institution of international repute appointed by the Issuer at its own expense for these purposes. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means: (a) each Interest Period and (b) any other Relevant Period. 
“n1” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
“n2” means the number of calendar days between: (a) the TLREF Business Day preceding the 
Interest Payment Date (or such date (if any) on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
that by its definition and the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from the Interest 
Accrual Period)) and (b) the TLREF Business Day preceding the previous Interest Payment Date 
(provided that, in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, reference to the “the TLREF Business 
Day preceding the previous Interest Payment Date” shall be replaced with a reference to “the TLREF 
Business Day preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual Period”). 
“published TLREF Index” means, in respect of any TLREF Business Day, the rate of return of 
TLREF on the next TLREF Business Day as determined by reference to the BIST TLREF Index 
that references the return on overnight repo transactions realised on the Borsa İstanbul Repo-Reverse 
Repo Normal Orders Market, all as published at the relevant time on such TLREF Business Day on 
the TLREF Relevant Screen. 
“TLREF” means the Turkish Lira overnight reference rate. 
“TLREF Business Day” means a day (other than Saturday or Sunday) on which the BIST Repo-
Reverse Repo Market (or the successor or replacement thereof) is open. 
“TLREF Committee” means the committee consisting of representatives of the Ministry of Treasury 
and Finance of Türkiye, the Central Bank of Türkiye (the “Central Bank”), the Banks Association 
of Türkiye, the Capital Markets Association of Türkiye (in Turkish: Türkiye Sermaye Piyasaları

--- Page 213 ---
194 
Birliği), the BRSA, the Istanbul Settlement and Custody Bank (in Turkish: İstanbul Takas ve 
Saklama Bankası A.Ş.) and Borsa İstanbul A.Ş. or any successor or replacement thereof. 
“TLREF Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the second 
TLREF Business Day prior to the day on which such Interest Accrual Period ends. 
“TLREF Reference Rate” means, in respect of any TLREF Business Day, a reference rate equal to 
the published TLREF Index on such TLREF Business Day. 
“TLREF Relevant Screen” means the “TLREF Indices” webpage that is available on the website of 
Borsa İstanbul A.Ş. (borsaistanbul.com) (or any successor website). 
If, on any TLREF Interest Determination Date, the applicable published TLREF Index is not 
available on the TLREF Relevant Screen or has not otherwise been published by the TLREF 
Committee, then the Interest Rate in respect of the applicable Interest Accrual Period shall, unless 
the Calculation Agent has been notified of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, in either 
case, the applicable Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments) in 
accordance with Condition 6.7(I)(e), be determined as if the published TLREF Index were 
calculated in the following manner: 
(a) 
The Interest Rate in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be the sum of: (i) the 
policy rate of the Central Bank prevailing at 5:00 pm (or, if earlier, the close of business in 
İstanbul) on the applicable TLREF Interest Determination Date and available on the 
Central 
Bank’s 
website 
at 
www.tcmb.gov.tr/wps/wcm/connect/EN/TCMB+EN/Main+Menu/Core+Functions/Mone
tary+Policy/Central+Bank+Interest+Rates/1+Week+Repo 
(or 
any 
successor 
or 
replacement website) and (ii) the mean of the spread of the published TLREF Index to the 
policy rate of the Central Bank over the previous five TLREF Business Days on which a 
TLREF Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there are 
more than one highest spread, then only one of those highest spreads) and the lowest spread 
(or, if there are more than one lowest spread, then only one of those lowest spreads). 
(b) 
Notwithstanding clause (a), if the TLREF Committee has published guidance as to: (i) how 
the TLREF Reference Rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the TLREF 
Reference Rate, then the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is reasonably 
practicable to do so and as set forth in a direction from the Issuer in writing, follow such 
guidance in order to determine the TLREF Reference Rate for any TLREF Business Day 
in such Interest Accrual Period and for so long thereafter as the published TLREF Index 
remains unavailable on the TLREF Relevant Screen or is not otherwise published by the 
TLREF Committee. 
(c) 
If, on any TLREF Interest Determination Date, the Interest Rate cannot be determined by 
reference to clauses (a) and (b), then the Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period shall be: (i) the Interest Rate determined as of the last preceding TLREF Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Interest 
Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum 
Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in 
place of the Margin or Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate relating to that 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding TLREF Interest 
Determination Date, then the initial Interest Rate that would have been applicable to the 
applicable Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period of such Notes had such Notes been in 
issue for a period equal in duration to their first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the applicable Interest Commencement Date (and applying the Margin and, if 
applicable, any Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate applicable to such first 
Interest Accrual Period).

--- Page 214 ---
195 
(d) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11, then the final 
Interest Rate shall be calculated for the period from (and including) the most recent Interest 
Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date 
on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Interest Rate shall continue to 
apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in 
Condition 6.5. 
(c) 
Minimum Interest Rate and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
If the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche of Floating Rate Notes specifies a Minimum Interest Rate for any 
Interest Period, then, in the event that the Interest Rate in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 6.2(b) is less than such Minimum Interest Rate, the Interest Rate 
for such Interest Period for such Tranche shall be such Minimum Interest Rate. 
If the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche of Floating Rate Notes specifies a Maximum Interest Rate for 
any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Interest Rate in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 6.2(b) is greater than such Maximum Interest Rate, the Interest 
Rate for such Interest Period for such Tranche shall be such Maximum Interest Rate. 
A Final Terms may specify both a Minimum Interest Rate and a Maximum Interest Rate for a Tranche. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Interest Rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
(d) 
Determination of Interest Rate and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at 
which the Interest Rate is to be determined, determine the Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period (or 
any other Relevant Period). 
The Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the Interest Amount payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period (or any other Relevant Period) by applying the Interest 
Rate to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes that are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note, or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination 
of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is an amount other than the Calculation Amount, the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied 
to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line 
linear interpolation by reference to two rates based upon the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option 
(where “ISDA Determination” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall 
be determined as if the Designated Maturity (if applicable) were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined 
as if the Designated Maturity (if applicable) were the period of time for which rates are available next longer

--- Page 215 ---
196 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period; provided that if there is no rate available for a period of time 
next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an independent advisor acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert appointed by the Issuer in its reasonable 
discretion, determines appropriate. For the purposes of this Condition 6.2(e) only, “Calculation Agent” shall 
mean the Issuer or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a financial institution of international repute 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense for these purposes. 
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination only, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
6.3 
Notification of Interest Rate and Interest Amounts 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes and Modified Fixed Rate Notes in respect of which Interest Periods and Interest 
Amounts are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being subject to adjustment, the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, will cause: (a) to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which (at the request of the 
Issuer) the relevant Notes are for the time being listed: (i) each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date and (ii) in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Interest Rate, and (b) notice thereof to 
be published in accordance with Condition 15, in each case, as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter (or, in the case of Notes where the applicable Final Terms 
specify the Reference Rate as being SONIA, SOFR or TLREF, no later than the second London Banking Day, U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day or TLREF Business Day, respectively, thereafter). Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange (if any) on which the relevant Notes are for the time 
being listed at the request of the Issuer and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. For the purposes of 
this paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
6.4 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 6 and Condition 7.11, whether by the Fiscal 
Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest or proven 
error) be binding upon the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Agents and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers and duties pursuant to such provisions. 
6.5 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or, in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease to bear 
interest (if any) from (and including) the date specified for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, 
payment of principal on such Note is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue 
until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due on such Note (or part thereof) have been paid (with such additional accrued 
interest being due and payable immediately), and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable on such Note has been received by 
the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15.

--- Page 216 ---
197 
6.6 
Day Count Fraction and Business Day Convention 
(a) 
Day Count Fraction 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with this 
Condition 6: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the Relevant Period from (and including) 
the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter than 
the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, then the number of days 
in such Accrual Period divided by the product of: (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year, or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, then the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of: (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year, and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of: (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year, 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date), 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided 
by 365 (or, if any portion of such period falls within a leap year, the sum of: (A) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365), 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 365, 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 365 or, in the case of 
an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366, 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 360,

--- Page 217 ---
198 
(vi) 
if “30/360,” “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the number 
of days in the Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 360, calculated 
on a formula basis as follows: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, 
and 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls, 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of such 
period falls, 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls, 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of such period falls, 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of such period unless such number is 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30, and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
such period unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30, 
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the number of 
days in the Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 360, calculated 
on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction=
[360×(Y2 −Y1)]+[30×(M2 −M1)]+(D2 −D1)
360
  
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls, 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of such 
period falls, 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls, 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of such period falls, 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of such period unless such number would be 
31, in which case D1 will be 30, and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
such period unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, and 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] +( D2 - D1) 
360

--- Page 218 ---
199 
(viii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the number of days in the 
Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
where: 
 
Day Count Fraction=
[360×(Y2 −Y1)]+[30×(M2 −M1)]+(D2 −D1)
360
  
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls, 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of such 
period falls, 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls, 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of such period falls, 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of such period unless: (A) that day is the last 
day of February or (B) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30, and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
such period unless: (A) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (B) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(b) 
Business Day Convention 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and: (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest 
Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 6.2 above, the “Floating Rate Convention,” then such Interest Payment Date: (A) in the 
case of clause (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the 
provisions of clause (2) below shall apply mutatis mutandis, or (B) in the case of clause (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event: (1) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (2) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the 
last Business Day in the month that falls within the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred, 
(ii) 
the “Following Business Day Convention,” then such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day that is a Business Day, 
(iii) 
the “Modified Following Business Day Convention,” then such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day, or 
(iv) 
the “Preceding Business Day Convention,” then such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.

--- Page 219 ---
200 
6.7 
Benchmark Discontinuation – Reference Rate Replacement 
I. 
The following Benchmark Discontinuation and Reference Rate Replacement provisions in this 
Condition 6.7(I) apply to all Floating Rate Notes other than those for which the Reference Rate is SOFR and 
Condition 6.7(II) is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
Independent Advisor 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Interest Rate (or any 
component part(s) thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Advisor, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 6.7(I)(b)), and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread (in accordance with 
Condition 6.7(I)(c)) 
and 
any 
other 
required 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
(in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 6.7(I)(d)). 
An Independent Advisor appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.7(I) shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever 
to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by 
the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6.7(I). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 6.2(b), if the Issuer, following consultation with an Independent 
Advisor pursuant to Condition 6.7(I)(a) and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred and that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 6.7(I)(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
Interest Rate (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest 
on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 6.7(I)), or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 6.7(I)(c)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Interest Rate (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) 
for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, and 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6.7(I)). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 6.7(I)(b), then the 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Advisor and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a specific quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
may be positive, negative or zero), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Interest Rate (or any 
component part(s) thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.7(I) and the Issuer, following consultation 
with the Independent Advisor and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines:

--- Page 220 ---
201 
(i) that additional amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, 
then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 6.7(I)(e), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, vary these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in 
such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6.7(I)(d), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on or by which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.7(I)(d), neither the Calculation Agent nor any 
other Paying Agent is obliged to concur with the Issuer in respect of any Benchmark Amendments that, in 
the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or such other Paying Agent, in each case, acting reasonably and in 
good faith, would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent 
or, as the case may be, such other Paying Agent in the Agency Agreement. 
(e) 
Notices, etc. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event, any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, each as determined 
under this Condition 6.7(I), will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent and the other 
Paying Agents (and, in any case, no later than five business days in London prior to the first Interest 
Determination Date on which the relevant Successor Rate or, as the case may be, Alternative Rate is to be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Interest Rate (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof)) and, in accordance with Condition 15, to the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
Prior to any Benchmark Amendments taking effect and no later than one London Business Day following 
the date of notifying the Calculation Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Calculation Agent a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming: (A) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (B) the Successor Rate or, as the case may 
be, the Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (C) where 
applicable, the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6.7(I), and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Calculation Agent shall display such certificate at its offices for inspection by the Noteholders at all 
reasonable times during normal business hours. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the applicable Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the applicable Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any)) be binding upon the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate and Fallback Provisions 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 6.7(I)(a) through Condition 6.7(I)(e), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 6.2(b) will continue to apply

--- Page 221 ---
202 
unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the Original Reference Rate and the 
Calculation Agent has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), the 
applicable Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments, in each case, in accordance with 
Condition 6.7(I)(e). 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the Interest Rate 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) (and, in 
either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread) is determined and notified to the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to this Condition 6.7(I), then the Original Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes of 
determining such Interest Rate on such Interest Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback 
provisions provided for in Condition 6.2(b) will (if applicable) continue to apply to such determination. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the preceding paragraph shall apply to the determination of the Interest Rate on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date only and the Interest Rate applicable to any subsequent Interest 
Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6.7(I). 
(g) 
Defined Terms 
As used in this Condition 6.7(I): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either: (i) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (ii) a formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which, in each case, is to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in accordance with Condition 6.7(I)(b) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology that: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body, 
(B) 
in the case of a Successor Rate where no such formal recommendation as described in clause (A) 
has been made or, in the case of an Alternative Rate, the Issuer determines, following consultation 
with the Independent Advisor and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, is 
customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original 
Reference Rate, 
(C) 
if the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Advisor and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, that no such spread, formula or methodology is 
customarily applied in international debt capital markets as described in clause (B), the Issuer 
determines, following consultation with the Independent Advisor and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions that reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), or 
(D) 
if the Issuer determines that none of clauses (A), (B) or (C) applies, the Issuer, in its discretion, 
following consultation with the Independent Advisor and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate, having regard to the objective, so far as is 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances and for the purposes of this clause (D) only, of reducing 
or eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and, if 
applicable, Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate that the Issuer determines in 
accordance with Condition 6.7(I)(b) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in 
the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant

--- Page 222 ---
203 
component part thereof) for debt securities with a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes, 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.7(I)(d), 
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five London business 
days or ceasing to exist or be administered, 
(ii) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by 
a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances in which no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication 
of the Original Reference Rate), 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued, 
(iv) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, by a specified date, be prohibited from being used (either 
generally or in respect of the Notes), 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of the relevant 
underlying market or may no longer be used, or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for the Calculation Agent, any other Paying Agent or the Issuer to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference 
Rate; 
provided that, notwithstanding clauses (ii) through (v), each such Benchmark Event shall only be deemed to 
occur: (A) in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), on the date of the cessation of the Original Reference Rate or 
the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (B) in the case of clause (iv), on the 
date of prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, and (C) in the case of clause (v), on the date with 
effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor 
to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market or may no longer be used and that is specified 
in the public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement, 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or, for any Series, such other entity specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the Person responsible for the calculation of the Rate(s) of Interest and the Interest Amount(s), 
“Independent Advisor” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an independent 
financial advisor with appropriate expertise in the international debt capital markets appointed by the Issuer, 
at its own expense, under Condition 6.7(I)(a), 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine the Interest Rate 
(or any component part(s) thereof) in respect of any Interest Period(s) on the Notes, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the: (A) European Commission, in the case of Notes denominated in euro, (B) central bank, reserve 
bank, monetary authority or similar institution for the currency to which such Original Reference

--- Page 223 ---
204 
Rate relates or (C) central bank or other supervisory authority that is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate, or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee established, approved or sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of: (A) the central bank for the currency to which such Original 
Reference Rate relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority that is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (C) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof, 
and 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate that is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body (which, for Notes referencing EURIBOR, shall be an 
€STR-based rate for debt securities based upon the “Recommendations by the working-group on euro risk-
free rates on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and €STR-based EURIBOR fallback rates” dated 11 May 
2021 (the “EURIBOR Recommendations”) unless the Relevant Nominating Body for EURIBOR amends, 
supplements or otherwise modifies the EURIBOR Recommendations at any time, in which case, such 
amendment, supplement or other modification to the EURIBOR Recommendations shall be taken into 
account for the purposes of determining a Successor Rate to EURIBOR for the purposes of the relevant 
Notes). 
II. 
The following Benchmark Discontinuation and Reference Rate Replacement provisions in this 
Condition 6.7(II) apply to all Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is SOFR and 
Condition 6.7(II) is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
Effect of a Benchmark Event 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement. If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred before the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination of the Benchmark on any date, then the Benchmark Replacement shall replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Floating Rate Notes in respect of such 
determination on such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation and 
administration of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer shall have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
If the Issuer exercises its right to make any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, then the 
Issuer and the Agents shall, without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, 
agree to the necessary modifications to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect 
to such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes with effect from the date specified in such 
notice. 
In connection with any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in accordance with this 
Condition 6.7(II)(a)(ii), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which (at 
the request of the Issuer) the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted 
to trading. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.7(II)(a)(ii), neither the Calculation 
Agent nor any other Paying Agent is obliged to concur with the Issuer in respect of any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes that, in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or such other 
Paying Agent, in each case, acting reasonably and in good faith, would impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or 
amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, such other 
Paying Agent in the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 224 ---
205 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6.7(II), including any determination with respect to tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any 
decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection (including with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes): (A) will be conclusive and binding upon all parties 
absent manifest error and subject as provided in this Condition 6.7(II), (B) shall be made in the 
Issuer’s sole discretion and (C) subject as provided in this Condition 6.7(II), shall become effective 
without consent from any Noteholder, Agent or other Person. None of the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Exchange Agent or the Registrar will have any liability for any determination 
made by (or on behalf of) the Issuer in connection with a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark 
Replacement. 
In no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for determining any substitute SOFR or for 
making any adjustments to any alternative benchmark or spread thereon, the business day 
convention, the interest determination dates or any other relevant methodology for calculating any 
such substitute or successor benchmark. In connection with this Condition 6.7(II), the Calculation 
Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely upon any determinations made by (or on behalf of) the 
Issuer and shall have no liability for such actions taken at the direction of the Issuer. 
(iv) 
Notice 
Any Benchmark Replacement, and the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes, determined under this Condition 6.7(II) shall be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, if any. 
(b) 
Defined Terms 
As used in this Condition 6.7(II): 
“Benchmark” means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined in Conditions 6.2(b)(v) through 
(viii); provided that if a Benchmark Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to Compounded SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement, 
“Benchmark Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-
current Benchmark: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by (or on behalf of) the administrator of such 
Benchmark announcing or stating that such administrator has ceased or will cease on a specified 
date to provide such Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such 
Benchmark, 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of such Benchmark, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such 
Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such 
Benchmark announcing or stating that the administrator of such Benchmark has ceased or will cease 
on a specified date to provide such Benchmark permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide such Benchmark, or

--- Page 225 ---
206 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of such Benchmark announcing or stating that such Benchmark is no longer representative, 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by 
the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the sum of: (i) an alternate interest rate that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, 
(b) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, or 
(c) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate interest rate that has been selected by the Issuer as the replacement for 
the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted interest rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer as of the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), or method for calculating 
or determining such spread adjustment, that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, 
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, then 
the ISDA Fallback Adjustment, and 
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by 
the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current 
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time, 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any 
technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definitions or interpretations of 
Interest Period, the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, changes to 
the definition of “Corresponding Tenor” solely when such tenor is longer than the Interest Period, the 
rounding of amounts or tenors and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Issuer 
decides are appropriate to make to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to reflect the adoption of 
such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer 
decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer 
determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, then in such other manner 
as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary), 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earlier to occur of the following events with respect to the then-
current Benchmark: 
(a) 
in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of “Benchmark Event,” the later of: (i) the date of 
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the 
administrator of such Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide such Benchmark, or 
(b) 
in the case of clause (c) of the definition of “Benchmark Event,” the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein.

--- Page 226 ---
207 
For the avoidance of doubt: (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the 
same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, then the Benchmark 
Replacement Date shall be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination, and 
(ii) for purposes of the definitions of Benchmark Replacement Date and Benchmark Event, references to 
Benchmark also include any reference rate underlying such Benchmark, 
“Corresponding Tenor” with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including overnight) 
having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the 
then-current Benchmark, 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon 
the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor, 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for 
the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment, 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means: (a) if the Benchmark is SOFR 
Index Rate with Observation Period Shift, the SOFR Index Determination Time, and (b) otherwise, the time 
determined by the Issuer in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto, and 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
6.8 
Defined Terms 
In these Conditions: 
“Business Day” means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each Specified Business 
Centre (other than the real-time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem (or any successor or 
replacement system) (the “T2 System”)) specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(b) 
if the T2 System is specified as a Specified Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, then a day on 
which the T2 System is open, and 
(c) 
either: (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency, or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 System is open, 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest, 
“Interest Commencement Date” means, with respect to a Tranche of Notes, the date (if any) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms from (and including) which such Notes will accrue interest, which may or may not be their 
Issue Date,

--- Page 227 ---
208 
“Interest Period” for a Series means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date for such Series (or, in 
respect of the first Interest Period for such Series, its Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or, in 
respect of the first Interest Period, first) Interest Payment Date for such Series, 
“Reference Banks” means: 
(a) 
in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-
zone interbank market, 
(b) 
in the case of a determination of ROBOR, the principal Bucharest office of four major banks in the Romanian 
interbank market, 
(c) 
in the case of a determination of PRIBOR, the principal Prague office of four major banks in the Prague 
interbank market, 
(d) 
in the case of a determination of HIBOR, the principal Hong Kong office of four major banks in the Hong 
Kong interbank market, 
(e) 
in the case of a determination of SIBOR, the principal Singapore office of four major banks in the Singapore 
interbank market, 
(f) 
in the case of a determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Norwegian 
interbank market, 
(g) 
in the case of a determination of WIBOR, the principal Warsaw office of four major banks in the Warsaw 
interbank market, and 
(h) 
in the case of a determination of CNH HIBOR, the principal Hong Kong office of four major banks dealing 
in Renminbi in the Hong Kong interbank market, 
in each case, as selected by the Issuer or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
“Reference Rate” means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms: (a) the Euro-zone interbank offered 
rate (“EURIBOR”), (b) TLREF, (c) the Hong Kong interbank offered rate (“HIBOR”), (d) the Romanian interbank 
offered rate (“ROBOR”), (e) the Prague interbank offered rate (“PRIBOR”), (f) the Singapore interbank offered rate 
(“SIBOR”), (g) the Norwegian interbank offered rate (“NIBOR”), (h) the Warsaw interbank offered rate (“WIBOR”), 
(i) the CNH Hong Kong interbank offered rate (“CNH HIBOR”), (j) SONIA or (k) SOFR, in each case, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, 
“Relevant Period” means the period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date,  
“Specified Time” means, with respect to a Tranche of Notes, the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
7. 
PAYMENTS 
7.1 
Method of Payment 
Except as provided in this Condition 7, payments in a Specified Currency will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency (or any account to which such Specified Currency may be credited or

--- Page 228 ---
209 
transferred) maintained by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on 
a bank or other financial institution that processes payments in the Specified Currency. 
Payments of principal and interest on the Notes will be subject in all cases to: (a) any fiscal or other laws applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9, and (b) any withholding or 
deduction (“FATCA Withholding Tax”) required pursuant to FATCA. 
In these Conditions, “FATCA” means: (a) an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the “Code”), of the United States of America, (b) Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, (c) any 
regulations or agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof, (d) any intergovernmental agreement between 
the United States and any other governmental authority entered into in connection with the implementation of the 
foregoing in this definition or (e) any applicable law, rule or official practice implementing such an intergovernmental 
agreement. 
7.2 
Presentation of Definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions to the contrary, payments of principal on a Definitive Bearer 
Note shall (subject as provided below in this Condition 7.2) be made in the manner provided in Condition 7.1 only 
against surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, presentation and endorsement) of such Definitive 
Bearer Note, and payments of interest on a Definitive Bearer Note will (subject as provided below) be made as 
aforesaid only against surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, presentation and endorsement) of the 
applicable Coupon(s), in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which 
expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and 
its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes) should be presented for payment together 
with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to 
be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the 
case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the 
sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so 
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time 
before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9.2(a)) in respect of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 10) or, if later, five years from the 
date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Definitive Bearer Note becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, 
exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, then interest (if any) 
accrued on such Definitive Bearer Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may 
be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of such Definitive Bearer Note. 
A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note that on issue had a Talon attached) whose 
principal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon; provided that such Note shall cease to 
be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid 
thereon after that date is less than the principal amount of such Note. 
7.3 
Payments on Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) on Notes represented by any Bearer Global Note will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner specified in Condition 7.2 in relation to Definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the 
manner specified in the relevant Bearer Global Note, where applicable against surrender or, as the case may be, 
presentation and endorsement, of such Bearer Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States. A record of each payment, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of

--- Page 229 ---
210 
interest, will be made on such Bearer Global Note either by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
7.4 
Payments on Registered Notes 
Payments of principal to redeem a Registered Note (whether a Definitive Note or a Global Note) in full will be made 
only against surrender of such Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. 
Such payments shall be made by transfer to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) 
of such Registered Note appearing in the Register at: (a) where in global form and held under the “new safekeeping 
structure” for registered global securities that are intended to constitute eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy operations (the “NSS”), the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (b) in all other cases, the close of 
business at the specified office of the Registrar on the 15th day before the relevant due date (or, if such 15th day is not 
a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located, then the 
first such day prior to such 15th day) (in each case, the “Record Date”). Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if: (i) 
a holder does not have a Designated Account or (ii) the principal amount of such Registered Note is less than 
US$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), then payment may instead be made by 
a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank. For these purposes, “Designated Account” means 
the account maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and “Designated 
Bank” means any bank or other financial institution that processes payments in such Specified Currency. 
Except as set forth in the next and final sentences of this paragraph, payments of interest and (except upon redemption 
in full) principal on a Registered Note (whether a Definitive Note or a Global Note) will be made by a cheque in the 
Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the business day in the city where 
the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the first 
named of joint holders) of such Registered Note appearing in the Register at the close of business on the relevant 
Record Date at the address of such holder shown in the Register on such Record Date and at such holder’s risk. Upon 
application of such holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three business days in the city where 
the specified office of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest or any such payment of 
principal on a Registered Note, such payment will be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the 
preceding paragraph for the final payment of principal on the applicable Registered Note. Any such application for 
transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) and principal 
on such Registered Note that become payable to the holder thereof who has made the initial application until such 
time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. Payment of the interest due on a Registered 
Note on redemption in full will be made in the same manner as the final payment of the principal of such Registered 
Note as described in the preceding paragraph. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in receiving any amount 
due on any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date 
for payment or being lost in the post. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by any Agent in 
respect of any payments of principal or interest on the Registered Notes, except as provided in Conditions 7.8 and 7.9. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Note in respect of Notes 
denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid by transfer by the Fiscal Agent to an account 
of the Exchange Agent in the relevant Specified Currency on behalf of DTC or its nominee for: (x) payment in such 
Specified Currency or (y) conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars, in each case, in accordance with the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement and Condition 7.9. 
None of the Issuer or any of the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating 
to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
7.5 
General Provisions Applicable to Payments 
Except as provided in the Deed of Covenant, the registered holder of a Registered Global Note or the holder of a 
Bearer Global Note shall be the only Person entitled to receive payments on the Notes represented by such Global

--- Page 230 ---
211 
Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, such holder in respect of each amount so 
paid. Each of the Persons shown in the records of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
as the beneficial owner of a particular principal amount of Notes represented by a Global Note must look solely to 
DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for such Person’s share of each payment so made 
by (or on behalf of) the Issuer to, or to the order of, the registered holder of a Registered Global Note or the holder of 
a Bearer Global Note. Except as provided in the Deed of Covenant, no Person other than the registered holder of a 
Registered Global Note or the holder of a Bearer Global Note shall have any claim against the Issuer in respect of any 
payments due on such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Conditions 7.2 and 7.3, if any amount of principal and/or interest on Bearer Notes 
is payable in U.S. dollars, then such payments will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States only if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices 
outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner 
provided above when due, 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the United States 
is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment or 
receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars, and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
7.6 
Payment Business Day 
If the date for payment of any amount on any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day, then the holder thereof 
shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant amount due until the next Payment Business Day in the relevant place 
(except in the case of Modified Fixed Rate Notes and Modified Floating Rate Notes where a Payment Business Day 
Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in which case such holder will be entitled to payment on the 
Payment Business Day in the relevant place as determined in accordance with the Payment Business Day Convention 
so specified) and, in any such case, shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
For these purposes: 
“Payment Business Day” means any day (other than, except as set forth in the applicable Final Terms, a Saturday or 
Sunday) that (subject to Condition 10) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Definitive Notes only, the relevant place of presentation, and 
(ii) 
any Specified Financial Centre (other than the T2 System) specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(b) 
if the T2 System is specified as a Specified Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on which 
the T2 System is open, 
(c) 
either: (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency, or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 System is open (in 
each of clauses (i) and (ii), disregarding any elections to receive payment in a different currency pursuant to 
Conditions 7.8 and 7.9), and

--- Page 231 ---
212 
(d) 
in the case of any payment on a Global Note, a day on which DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, settle(s) payments in the applicable Specified Currency (or, with respect to 
DTC, U.S. dollars), and 
“Payment Business Day Convention” means, if the Payment Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the: 
(a) 
Following Business Day Convention, the next following Payment Business Day, 
(b) 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, the next day that is a Payment Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the holder shall be entitled to such payment at the 
place of presentation on the immediately preceding Payment Business Day, or 
(c) 
Preceding Business Day Convention, the immediately preceding Payment Business Day. 
7.7 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal on a Note shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(a) 
any Additional Amounts that may be payable with respect to such principal under Condition 9.1, 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of such Note, 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of such Note, 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of such Note, 
(e) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 8.5) of such Note, 
and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) that may be payable by the Issuer on such Note. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest on the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional 
Amounts that may be payable with respect to such interest under Condition 9.1. 
7.8 
U.S. Dollar Exchange and Payments on Turkish Lira-denominated Notes held other than through DTC 
(a) 
If “USD Payment Election” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Specified 
Currency set out in such Final Terms is Turkish Lira and interests in the Notes are not represented by a 
Registered Global Note registered in the name of DTC (or a nominee thereof) or by a Global Note held under 
the NSS, then the holder thereof (determined as of the applicable Record Date in the case of Registered 
Notes) may, no more than 14 days and no less than five Business Days before the due date (the “Relevant 
Payment Date”) for the next payment of interest and/or principal on such Note (such period, the “USD 
Election Period”), give an irrevocable election to any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) to receive such payment in U.S. dollars instead of Turkish Lira (a 
“USD Payment Election”). Upon its receipt of such an election, the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar 
(as applicable) shall notify the Fiscal Agent on the Business Day following each USD Election Period of the 
USD Payment Elections made by the Noteholders during such USD Election Period and, upon its receipt of 
such notification, the Fiscal Agent shall notify the Exchange Agent of the proportion of such interest and/or 
principal on the Notes due on the Relevant Payment Date (as defined below) that is payable to Noteholders 
who have given a USD Payment Election (the “Lira Amount”). 
Upon receipt of the Lira Amount from the Issuer and by no later than 11:00 a.m. (London time) on such 
Relevant Payment Date, the Fiscal Agent shall transfer the Lira Amount to the Exchange Agent. Following 
receipt of the Lira Amount from the Fiscal Agent, the Exchange Agent shall provide for the Lira Amount to

--- Page 232 ---
213 
be converted into U.S. dollars in the manner provided in Condition 7.8(b) and then to be transferred to the 
Fiscal Agent for onward payment to the holders of such Notes on such Relevant Payment Date in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 7.8 and Clause 7.10 of the Agency Agreement. 
If the Fiscal Agent receives cleared funds from the Issuer in respect of Turkish Lira-denominated Notes held 
other than through DTC after the time noted in the previous paragraph, then the Fiscal Agent shall transfer 
the Lira Amount to the Exchange Agent for conversion into U.S. dollars as soon as reasonably practicable 
and, following such conversion, the Exchange Agent shall transfer such U.S. dollar amounts to the Fiscal 
Agent and the Fiscal Agent shall use reasonable efforts to pay any U.S. dollar amounts that Noteholders have 
elected to receive in respect of such funds as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter. 
Each USD Payment Election of a Noteholder will be made only in respect of the immediately following 
payment of interest and/or principal on the Notes the subject of such USD Payment Election and, unless a 
USD Payment Election is given in respect of each subsequent payment of interest and principal on those 
Notes, such payments will be made in Turkish Lira. 
(b) 
Upon receipt of the Lira Amount from the Fiscal Agent pursuant to Condition 7.8(a), the Exchange Agent 
shall purchase U.S. dollars with the Lira Amount for settlement on the Relevant Payment Date at a purchase 
price calculated on the basis of its own internal foreign exchange conversion procedures, which conversion 
shall be conducted in a commercially reasonable manner and on a similar basis to that which the Exchange 
Agent would use to effect such conversion for its customers (such rate, taking into account any spread, fees, 
commissions or charges on foreign exchange transactions customarily charged by it in connection with such 
conversion, the “Applicable Exchange Rate”). 
(c) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.8, neither the Exchange Agent nor the Issuer shall be liable to any 
Noteholder, the Issuer or any third party for any losses whatsoever resulting from application by the Exchange 
Agent of the Applicable Exchange Rate. The Exchange Agent may rely conclusively on the basis on which 
its internal foreign exchange conversion rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any third party indices 
forming the basis for such conversation rates) for settlement has been determined and shall not be liable for 
losses associated with the basis for determination of such rate. 
Each Agent shall be entitled to rely, without further investigation or enquiry, on any notification or 
irrevocable elections received by it or provided to it (including, without limitation, any calculation in respect 
of the Lira Amount) pursuant to this Condition 7.8 and shall not be liable to any party for any losses 
whatsoever resulting from acting in accordance with such notifications or irrevocable instructions or 
calculations even though, subsequent to its acting, it may be found that there was some defect in the 
notification or irrevocable instruction or the notification or irrevocable instruction was not authentic or an 
error existed in the calculations. 
Any foreign exchange transaction effected by the Exchange Agent will generally be a transaction to buy or 
sell currency between: (i) on one part, the Issuer (acting through the Fiscal Agent, as an agent of the Issuer) 
and (ii) on the other part, either the Exchange Agent or its affiliate (acting as principal for its own account). 
The Fiscal Agent as agent of the Issuer will enter into the foreign exchange transaction with the Exchange 
Agent or its affiliate acting as a principal for its own account, and not as an agent, fiduciary or broker on 
behalf of the Issuer. In the sole and absolute discretion of the Exchange Agent, the foreign exchange 
transaction may be transmitted by the Exchange Agent or any of its affiliates acting as principal for its own 
account to a sub-custodian. In forwarding certain foreign exchange transactions to the sub-custodian for 
execution, the Exchange Agent or its affiliate acting as principal for its own account does not, and will, not 
serve as agent, fiduciary or broker on behalf of the Issuer. 
The Issuer’s obligation to make payments on Notes the Specified Currency of which is Turkish Lira is limited 
to the specified Turkish Lira amount of such payments and, in the event that it fails to make any payment on 
such Notes in full on its due date, its obligation shall remain the payment of the relevant outstanding Turkish 
Lira amount and it shall have no obligation to pay any greater or other amount as a result of any change in 
the Applicable Exchange Rate between the due date and the date on which such payment is made in full.

--- Page 233 ---
214 
(d) 
Following conversion of the Lira Amount into U.S. dollars in accordance with this Condition 7.8 and the 
Agency Agreement, the Exchange Agent shall promptly notify the Fiscal Agent of: (i) the total amount of 
U.S. dollars purchased with the relevant Lira Amount (the “USD Amount”) and (ii) the Applicable Exchange 
Rate at which such U.S. dollars were purchased by the Exchange Agent. 
(e) 
On the Relevant Payment Date, the Fiscal Agent shall give notice to the applicable Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 15 of the matters set out in Condition 7.8(d)(i) and (ii) in reliance on the information provided 
to it by the Exchange Agent in accordance with Condition 7.8(d). 
(f) 
If, for illegality or any other reason, it is not possible for the Exchange Agent to purchase U.S. dollars with 
the Lira Amount, then the Exchange Agent will promptly so notify the Fiscal Agent, which shall, as soon as 
practicable after receipt of such notification from the Exchange Agent, notify the applicable Noteholders of 
such event in accordance with Condition 15 and all payments on the applicable Notes on the Relevant 
Payment Date will be made in Turkish Lira in accordance with this Condition 7, irrespective of any USD 
Payment Election made. 
(g) 
To give a USD Payment Election in respect of this Note: 
(i) 
if this Note is a Definitive Note, then the holder hereof must deliver at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent (with respect to Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (with respect to Registered Notes), on 
any Business Day falling within the USD Election Period, a duly signed and completed USD 
Payment Election in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of 
any Paying Agent (the “USD Payment Election Notice”) and in which such holder must specify a 
USD bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 7.8 accompanied by this 
Note or evidence satisfactory to the Agent concerned that this Note will, following the delivery of 
the USD Payment Election, be held to the Fiscal Agent’s order or under its control until the 
applicable U.S. dollar payment is made, and 
(ii) 
if this Note is a Global Note, then the holder of an interest in this Global Note must, on any Business 
Day falling within the USD Election Period, give notice to any Paying Agent (with respect to Bearer 
Notes) or the Registrar (with respect to Registered Notes) of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable (which may include 
notice being given on such holder’s instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
depositary for any of them to any Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, from time to 
time. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Agents will be liable for any delay or ultimate failure to pay the relevant 
Noteholder(s) caused by any delay or failure of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg (or any of their 
respective direct or indirect participants) or any depositary for either of them to provide payment instructions 
with respect to the relevant USD Payment Election. 
(h) 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions to the contrary: (i) all costs (including any fees, 
charges, commissions or spreads) of the purchase of U.S. dollars with the Lira Amount shall be borne pro 
rata by the relevant Noteholders relative to the Notes of such Noteholders the subject of USD Payment 
Elections, which pro rata amount will be deducted from the pro rata portion of the USD Amount paid to 
such Noteholders, (ii) none of the Issuer, any Agent or any other Person shall have any obligation whatsoever 
to pay any related foreign exchange rate spreads, fees, charges, commissions or expenses or to indemnify 
any Noteholder against any difference between the pro rata portion of the USD Amount received by such 
Noteholder and the portion of the Lira Amount that would have been payable to the Noteholder if it had not 
made the relevant USD Payment Election and (iii) neither the Issuer nor any Agent shall have any liability 
or other obligation to any Noteholder with respect to the conversion into U.S. dollars of any amount paid by 
it to the Fiscal Agent in Turkish Lira or the payment of any U.S. dollar amount to the applicable Noteholders. 
(i) 
Notwithstanding any provisions of these Conditions or the applicable Final Terms, in respect of any Notes 
that are the subject of a USD Payment Election in respect of any payment, the definition of Payment Business

--- Page 234 ---
215 
Day shall, for the purposes of such payment on the Relevant Payment Date, be deemed to include a day (other 
than Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are not authorised or required by law to be closed in 
New York City. 
7.9 
Payments on Notes held through DTC in a Specified Currency other than U.S. Dollars 
For any Registered Global Note registered in the name of DTC or its nominee and denominated in a Specified 
Currency other than U.S. dollars, the holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note will receive payment in U.S. 
dollars unless it elects (in accordance with normal DTC practice) to receive such payment in such Specified Currency 
in the manner specified in the Agency Agreement. 
Upon such an election, neither the Issuer nor any of the Agents will be liable for any delay or ultimate failure to pay 
the relevant Noteholder(s) caused by any delay or failure of DTC (or any of its direct or indirect participants) to 
provide payment instructions with respect to the relevant Specified Currency. 
7.10 
RMB Account 
All payments on the Notes in RMB will be made solely by credit to a RMB account maintained by the payee at a bank 
in Hong Kong or such other financial centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms as RMB Settlement 
Centre(s) in accordance with applicable laws, rules and guidelines issued from time to time (including all applicable 
laws with respect to the settlement of RMB in Hong Kong or any relevant RMB Settlement Centre). 
“RMB Settlement Centre(s)” means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms in 
accordance with applicable laws. If no RMB Settlement Centre is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the RMB 
Settlement Centre shall be deemed to be in Hong Kong. 
7.11 
RMB Currency Event 
If “RMB Currency Event” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and a RMB Currency Event 
occurs and is continuing on a date for payment of any amount due on any Note or Coupon, the Issuer’s obligation to 
make payment in RMB under the terms of the Notes may be satisfied by payment of such amount in U.S. dollars 
converted using the Spot Rate for the Rate Calculation Date. 
Upon the occurrence of a RMB Currency Event that is continuing, the Issuer shall give irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 not less than five nor more than 30 days before the relevant due date for 
payment or, if this is not practicable due to the time at which the relevant RMB Currency Event occurs, as soon as 
practicable following such occurrence, stating the occurrence of the RMB Currency Event, giving details thereof and 
the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
For the purpose of this Condition and unless stated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms (and subject, in the case 
of any determination of the Calculation Agent, to the provisions of Condition 6.4): 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality thereof), court, 
tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the 
regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong, 
“Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong, London and New York City, 
“Rate Calculation Date” means the day that is two Rate Calculation Business Days before the due date of the relevant 
payment under the Notes, 
“RMB Currency Event” means any one of RMB Illiquidity, RMB Non-Transferability and RMB Inconvertibility,

--- Page 235 ---
216 
“RMB Illiquidity” means the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a result of which the 
Issuer cannot obtain sufficient RMB in order to make a payment, of any amount, in whole or in part, under the Notes, 
as determined by the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with 
two independent foreign exchange dealers of international repute active in the RMB exchange market in Hong Kong, 
“RMB Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert in the 
general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong any amount, in whole or in part, due on the Notes into RMB on any 
payment date, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law 
enacted by a Governmental Authority (unless such law is enacted after the Issue Date of the most recently issued 
Tranche of Notes of this Series and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, to 
comply with such law), 
“RMB Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to deliver RMB 
between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong 
(including where the RMB clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong is disrupted or 
suspended), other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law 
enacted by a Governmental Authority (unless such law is enacted after the Issue Date of the most recently issued 
Tranche of Notes of this Series and it is impossible for the Issuer due to an event beyond its control, to comply with 
such law), and 
“Spot Rate” means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with RMB in the over-
the-counter RMB exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement in two Rate Calculation Business Days, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent at or around 11:00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable 
basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by 
reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent shall, acting 
reasonably and in good faith, determine the rate taking into consideration all available information that the Calculation 
Agent deems relevant, including, among other things, pricing information obtained from the RMB non-deliverable 
exchange market in Hong Kong or elsewhere and the CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate in the PRC domestic foreign 
exchange market. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuter 
Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose 
of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate. 
8. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
8.1 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed by the Issuer 
at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in (except as provided in Conditions 7.8 and 
7.9) the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
8.2 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
If: 
(a) 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws of a Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 9.2(b)), or any change in the application or official interpretation of the laws of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction, which change or amendment becomes effective after the date on which agreement is reached to 
issue the most recently issued Tranche of Notes of this Series (which shall, for the avoidance of doubt and 
for the purposes of this Condition 8.2, be the date on which the applicable Final Terms is signed by the 
Issuer), on the next Interest Payment Date, the Issuer would be required to: 
(i) 
pay Additional Amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9, and 
(ii) 
make any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes imposed, assessed or levied by 
(or on behalf of) a Relevant Jurisdiction at a rate in excess of the applicable prevailing rates on the

--- Page 236 ---
217 
date on which agreement is reached to issue the most recently issued Tranche of Notes of this Series, 
and 
(b) 
such requirement cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
then the Issuer may, at its option, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period 
of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the applicable Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes 
of this Series on any Payment Business Day at their Early Redemption Amount together (if applicable) with all interest 
accrued and unpaid to (but excluding) the date of redemption. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption 
pursuant to this Condition 8.2, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent: (i) a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer stating that the requirement referred to in clause (a) will apply on the next Interest Payment 
Date and cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it and (ii) an opinion of independent 
legal or tax advisors of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such 
additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
8.3 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 8.3 applies to Notes that are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the option of the Issuer 
(other than for taxation reasons pursuant to Condition 8.2), such option being referred to as an “Issuer Call.” The 
applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Issuer Call and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 8.3 for full information on any Issuer Call. In particular, the applicable Final Terms identifies any Optional 
Redemption Date(s), any Optional Redemption Amount, any minimum or maximum amount of Notes that can be 
redeemed and the applicable notice periods. 
If “Issuer Call” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the Issuer may, having given not 
less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed 
for redemption), redeem all or (if a Minimum Redemption Amount and/or Maximum Redemption Amount is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable) some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together (if 
applicable) with all interest accrued and unpaid to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. If a 
Minimum Redemption Amount and/or Maximum Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable, then any such redemption must be of a principal amount not less than such Minimum Redemption 
Amount nor more than such Maximum Redemption Amount. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes under this Condition 8.3, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) 
will: (a) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by Definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot not more than 
30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption, and (b) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, 
be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their 
discretion) and/or DTC (such date of selection being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). In the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by Definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in 
accordance with Condition 15 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (or, if the Final Terms for 
the applicable Series provides for a shorter minimum notice period for redemption, such shorter number of days). 
No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date 
to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.3. 
“Optional Redemption Date” has the meaning (if any) given in the applicable Final Terms. 
8.4 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 8.4 applies to Notes that are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the option of the 
Noteholder, such option being referred to as an “Investor Put.” The applicable Final Terms contains provisions

--- Page 237 ---
218 
applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 8.4 for full information on any 
Investor Put. In particular, the applicable Final Terms identifies any Optional Redemption Date(s), any Optional 
Redemption Amount and the applicable notice periods. 
If “Investor Put” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then upon the holder of any Note 
giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum 
period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such 
Note (or, for Global Notes, the indicated part thereof) on the relevant Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if applicable, with all interest accrued and unpaid to (but excluding) such Optional 
Redemption Date. Registered Notes (or, for Global Notes, a nominal amount thereof) may be redeemed under this 
Condition 8.4 in any Specified Denomination. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note (or a portion hereof): 
(a) 
if this Note is in definitive form and is held outside of a clearing system, then the holder of this Note must 
deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case 
of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the 
case may be, falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for 
the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case 
may be, (a “Put Notice”) and in which such holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to 
be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 8.4 and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of 
the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect 
of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 2.2; if this Note is in definitive bearer form, then the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note 
or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put 
Notice, be held to such Paying Agent’s order or under its control, and 
(b) 
if this Note is represented by a Global Note or is held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg while 
in definitive form, then the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Fiscal Agent 
of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as applicable (which may include notice being given on such holder’s instruction by DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any depositary for them to the Fiscal Agent by electronic means) in a form 
acceptable to DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, given by a holder of this Note pursuant to this Condition 8.4 shall be irrevocable except 
where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which event such 
holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 8.4 and 
instead to declare this Note (or, if a Global Note, a portion hereof) forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 11. 
8.5 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Conditions 8.2 and 11.1, each Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated 
as follows (the “Early Redemption Amount”): 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price of the first Tranche of Notes 
of this Series, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof, 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount that is or may be 
less or greater than the Issue Price of the first Tranche of Notes of this Series, at the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its 
outstanding principal amount, or

--- Page 238 ---
219 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
“RP” means the Reference Price set forth in the applicable Final Terms, 
“AY” means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal, and 
“y” is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms, which shall be any of: (i) 30/360 (in 
which case the numerator shall be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year 
consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes 
of this Series to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360), (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the 
numerator shall be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of Notes of this Series to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which 
case the numerator shall be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of Notes of this Series to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the 
date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
8.6 
Purchases by the Issuer and/or its Subsidiaries 
The Issuer and/or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase, have assigned or otherwise transferred to it or 
otherwise acquire (or have a third party do so for its benefit) Notes (or beneficial interests therein) (provided that, in 
the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) 
in any manner and at any price in the open market or otherwise, including (without limitation) in its capacity as a 
broker for a customer. If any such purchases or acquisitions of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are made by 
tender, exchange or other process, then such tender, exchange or other process shall not be required to be available to 
all Noteholders of the applicable Series, or in the same manner, except to the extent required by law. Such Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein) (and, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, the related Coupons and Talons) may be held, 
resold or, at the option of the Issuer or (with the Issuer’s consent) any such Subsidiary (as the case may be) for those 
Notes (or beneficial interests therein) held by it, surrendered or notified to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for 
cancellation pursuant to Condition 8.7; provided that any such resale or surrender of a Definitive Bearer Note shall 
include a sale or surrender (as applicable) of all related Coupons and Talons. 
8.7 
Cancellation 
All Notes that are redeemed, all Global Notes that are exchanged in full, all Registered Notes that have been 
transferred, all Coupons that are paid and all Talons that are exchanged shall be cancelled by the Agent by which they 
are redeemed, exchanged, transferred or paid. All Notes so cancelled cannot be reissued or resold and (if such 
cancellation is for the full amount thereof) the applicable Global Note or Definitive Note shall be forwarded to the 
Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar for cancellation. 
In addition, the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may, in accordance with Condition 8.6, surrender to any Paying Agent 
or the Registrar any Notes (in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, with all unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) 
related to them) held by it that it wishes to have cancelled (or notify the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, the Registrar of any beneficial interests in a Global Note to be so cancelled), which Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) (and, if applicable, unmatured Coupons or Talons) shall, to the extent that the Issuer indicates in writing the 
same to the relevant Paying Agent (or, as applicable, the Registrar), be promptly cancelled by the Agent to which they 
are surrendered (or, as the case may be, the Agent(s) so notified). All Notes so cancelled cannot be reissued or resold 
and (if such cancellation is for the full amount thereof) the applicable Global Note or Definitive Note shall be 
forwarded to the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar for cancellation.

--- Page 239 ---
220 
Each of the Agents shall deliver all cancelled Notes, Coupons and Talons to the Fiscal Agent or as the Fiscal Agent 
may specify. 
8.8 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note pursuant to 
this Condition 8 or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 11 is improperly withheld or 
refused, then the amount due and repayable on such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in 
Condition 8.5(c) as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such 
Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date that is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due on such Zero Coupon Note have been paid, and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable on such Zero Coupon Notes has been 
received by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15. 
9. 
TAXATION 
9.1 
Payment without Withholding 
All payments of principal and interest on the Notes (including with respect to the Coupons, if any) by (or on behalf 
of) the Issuer shall be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
levies, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature (“Taxes”) imposed, assessed or levied by (or on behalf 
of) any Relevant Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall 
pay such additional amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by 
the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts that would 
have been receivable on the Notes (including with respect to the Coupons, if any) in the absence of such withholding 
or deduction; provided that no Additional Amounts shall be payable in relation to any payment on any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment by (or on behalf of) a holder who is liable for Taxes in respect of the Note or Coupon 
by reason of such holder having some connection with any Relevant Jurisdiction other than the mere holding 
of the Note or Coupon or the receipt of payment in respect thereof, 
(b) 
presented for payment in Türkiye, or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that a holder of the 
relevant Note or Coupon would have been entitled to Additional Amounts on presenting the same for 
payment on the last day of such 30 day period (assuming that day to have been a Payment Business Day). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any other 
Person be required to pay any Additional Amounts or other amounts in respect of the Notes (including on Coupons) 
for, or on account of, any FATCA Withholding Tax. 
9.2 
Defined Terms 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Relevant Date” means, with respect to any payment, the date on which such payment first becomes due but, if the 
full amount of the money payable has not been received by the Fiscal Agent on or before the due date, it means the 
date on which, the full amount of such money having been so received, notice to that effect has been duly given to the 
holder of the applicable Note by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15, and 
“Relevant Jurisdiction” means: (a) Türkiye or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax or (b) any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power

--- Page 240 ---
221 
to tax to which the Issuer becomes subject in respect of payments made by it of principal and interest on the Notes 
(including with respect to the Coupons, if any). 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal 
and/or interest with respect thereto are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in 
the case of interest) from the Relevant Date therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for payment in 
respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 7.2 or any Talon that would be void pursuant 
to Condition 7.2. 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
11.1 
Events of Default 
The holder of any Note may give notice to the Issuer that such Note is, and such Note shall accordingly forthwith 
become, immediately due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount, with all interest accrued and unpaid to (but 
excluding) the date of repayment, if any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall have occurred and 
be continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made by the Issuer in the payment of any principal or interest due on the Notes or any of them 
and the default continues for a period of seven days in the case of principal or 14 days in the case of interest, 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these Conditions and (except in any 
case where the failure is incapable of remedy, when no continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned 
will be required) the failure continues for the period of 14 days following the service by any Noteholder on 
the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied, 
(c) 
if: (i) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes due 
and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described), (ii) the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries fails to make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the 
due date for payment, subject to any applicable grace period, (iii) any security given by the Issuer or any of 
its Material Subsidiaries for any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money becomes enforceable or (iv) default is 
made by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any Qualifying 
Guarantee given by it in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other Person, subject to 
any applicable grace period, 
(d) 
if: 
(i) 
any order is made by any competent court or resolution is passed for the winding up or dissolution 
of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, 
(ii) 
(A) the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or a substantial part, or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or substantially the whole, 
in each case, of its business, save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders, or (B) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
suspends or threatens to suspend payment of, or is unable to (or admits inability to) pay, its debts 
(or any class of its debts) as they fall due or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the 
purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated, declared or found by a competent authority to be 
(or becomes) bankrupt or insolvent,

--- Page 241 ---
222 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries commences negotiations with one or more of its 
creditors with a view to the general readjustment or rescheduling of all or a substantial part of its 
indebtedness, or 
(iv) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries: (A) takes any corporate action or other steps are taken 
or legal proceedings are started: (1) for its winding-up, dissolution, administration, bankruptcy or 
reorganisation (other than for the purposes of and followed by a reconstruction while solvent upon 
terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders) or (2) for the 
appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, trustee or similar 
officer of it or any substantial part or all of its revenues and assets or (B) shall, or proposes to, make 
a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors or shall enter into any general arrangement or 
composition with its creditors, 
in each case in clauses (i) to (iv) above, save for the solvent voluntary winding-up, dissolution or 
reorganisation of any Material Subsidiary in connection with any combination with, or transfer of the whole 
or substantially the whole of its business and/or assets to, the Issuer or one or more other Subsidiary(ies) of 
the Issuer, or 
(e) 
if the banking licence of the Issuer is temporarily or permanently revoked or the management of the Issuer is 
taken over by the Savings Deposit Insurance Fund under the provisions of the Banking Law (Law No. 5411) 
of Türkiye. 
11.2 
Defined Terms 
For the purposes of this Condition 11: 
“Indebtedness for Borrowed Money” means any indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, interest or other 
amounts) for or in respect of: 
(a) 
any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities, 
(b) 
any borrowed money, or 
(c) 
any liability under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit, 
the aggregate principal amount of which exceeds US$50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any currency or currencies), and 
“Qualifying Guarantee” means any guarantee and/or indemnity of the Issuer or relevant Material Subsidiary that: (a) 
is in respect of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money that has been defaulted in the manner described in clause (iv) of 
Condition 11.1(c) and (b) exceeds US$50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any currency or currencies). 
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on 
such terms as to: (a) evidence of such loss, theft, mutilation, defacement or destruction and (b) indemnity, in each case 
as the Issuer and/or the Fiscal Agent or, as applicable, the Registrar may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced 
Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out in the Agency Agreement. If any additional 
Agents are appointed in connection with this Series, then the names of such Agents will be specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 242 ---
223 
Subject to the terms of the Agency Agreement, the Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent, appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office 
through which any Agent acts; provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Fiscal Agent and a Registrar, 
(b) 
there will at all times be: (i) in the case of Bearer Notes, a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent), 
and (ii) in the case of Registered Notes, a Transfer Agent (which may be the Registrar), 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction other than the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is 
incorporated, 
(d) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes payable in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars are 
held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange Agent with a specified office in the 
United States, and 
(e) 
so long as this Series of Notes was listed on a stock exchange by the Issuer and remains so listed, there will 
at all times be an Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) having a specified office in such place as may be 
required by the rules and regulations of such exchange or any other relevant authority. 
In addition, the Issuer shall as promptly as practicable appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in the United 
States in the circumstances described in Condition 7.5. 
Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Agents and of any changes to the specified office of 
an Agent will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15. 
Any such variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of the bankruptcy, 
insolvency or similar event of the applicable Agent, a Paying Agent ceasing to be a FATCA-Compliant Entity, a 
Paying Agent determining that it is unable to concur with the Issuer in respect of Benchmark Amendments for the 
reasons outlined in Condition 6.7(I)(d) or as otherwise prescribed by the Agency Agreement, when it shall be of 
immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation 
to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder, Couponholder or other Person. The Agency Agreement 
contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted, with which it is consolidated 
or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition, “FATCA-Compliant Entity” means a Person payments to whom are not subject to 
any FATCA Withholding Tax. 
14. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon included in any Coupon sheet matures, the Talon 
(if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of any Paying Agent in exchange 
for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the 
final date for the payment of interest due on the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions 
of Condition 10. 
15. 
NOTICES 
All notices to Noteholders regarding the Bearer Notes shall be in English and be deemed to be validly given if 
published in English in a leading English language newspaper of general circulation in London. It is anticipated (but 
not required) that any such publication will be made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also ensure 
that notices are duly published in a manner that complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant

--- Page 243 ---
224 
authority on which the Bearer Notes (if any) are (at the request of the Issuer) for the time being listed or by which they 
have been admitted to trading, including publication on the website of such stock exchange and/or other relevant 
authority if required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of the first 
publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date by which publication has 
occurred in all required newspapers. 
All notices to Noteholders regarding the Registered Notes shall be in English and be deemed to be validly given if 
sent by messenger, courier, first class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first 
named of joint holders) of such Registered Notes at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of delivery (if delivered by messenger or courier) or the fourth day after mailing 
(if sent by mail). In addition, for so long as any Registered Note is (at the request of the Issuer) listed on a stock 
exchange or admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of such stock exchange or relevant authority 
so require, such notice shall be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange and/or relevant authority 
and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
So long as any Global Note is held on behalf of DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, there may be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such website(s) or such delivery or mailing the delivery of 
the relevant notice to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, for communication by them to 
the holders of interests in such Global Note. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of 
interests in such Note on such day as is specified in the applicable Final Terms after the day on which such notice was 
given to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable (or, if not so specified, on the second London 
Business Day after the date on which such notice was given to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable). 
In addition, for so long as any Note is (at the request of the Issuer) listed on a stock exchange or admitted to trading 
by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, the notice described 
in the previous paragraph shall be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or 
in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing in English and given by lodging the same (together, in the 
case of any Definitive Bearer Note, with the relevant Definitive Bearer Note) with the Fiscal Agent (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Any such Definitive Bearer Note shall be returned to 
the relevant Noteholder after such notice has been given in the event such Definitive Bearer Note is otherwise due to 
be returned to such Noteholder. For so long as any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be 
given by any holder of an interest in such Global Note to the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar through DTC, Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and DTC, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
Holders of any Coupon appertaining to a Note shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any 
notice given to the applicable Noteholder. 
16. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATIONS 
16.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders (including at a physical 
location or by means of an electronic platform (such as a conference call or videoconference) or a combination thereof) 
to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of any 
modification of the Notes (including any of these Conditions), the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer at any time and shall be convened by the Issuer if required 
in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 5% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of this Series for 
the time being outstanding. A meeting that has been validly convened in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement may be cancelled by the Person(s) who convened (or, if applicable, caused the Issuer to convene) such 
meeting by giving at least five days’ notice (which, in the case of a meeting convened by the Issuer, shall be given to 
the applicable Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 and to the Fiscal Agent); provided that if the Issuer had 
convened such meeting after having been required to do so by one or more Noteholder(s) pursuant to Clause 3.1 of

--- Page 244 ---
225 
Schedule 5 of the Agency Agreement, then the Issuer may not so cancel such meeting absent a request to do so from 
such Noteholder(s). 
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more eligible Person(s) present 
and holding or representing in the aggregate at least a majority of the principal amount of the Notes of this Series for 
the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more eligible Person(s) present being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting 
the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes (including these Conditions) or the 
Coupons (including modifying the Maturity Date of the applicable Series of Notes or any date for the payment of 
interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or interest payable on the applicable Series of Notes, 
altering the currency of payment of the applicable Series of Notes or the related Coupons or amending the Deed of 
Covenant in certain respects), the quorum shall be one or more eligible Person(s) present and holding or representing 
in the aggregate not less than two-thirds of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of this Series for the time 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more eligible Person(s) present and holding or representing 
in the aggregate not less than one-third in principal amount of the Notes of this Series for the time being outstanding. 
An Extraordinary Resolution duly passed by the Noteholders shall be binding upon all the Noteholders, whether or 
not they are present or represented at any meeting and whether or not they vote on the resolution, and on all 
Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement provides that (inter alia): (a) a resolution in writing signed by (or on behalf of) the Noteholders 
of not less than 75% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of this Series for the time being outstanding 
(whether such resolution in writing is contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed 
by (or on behalf of) one or more Noteholders) or (b) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant 
clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent) by (or on behalf of) the Noteholders of not less than 
75% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of this Series for the time being outstanding will, in each case, 
take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution and shall be binding upon all Noteholders. 
16.2 
Modification without Noteholder Consent 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, effect any modification (except such 
modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required as mentioned in Condition 16.1) of any of the Notes 
(including these Conditions), the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll or the Agency Agreement that is, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, either: (a) for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or of curing or correcting any manifest or proven error 
or any other defective provision contained herein or therein or (b) following the advice of an independent financial 
institution of international standing, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such 
modification shall be binding upon the Noteholders and Couponholders and shall be notified by the Issuer to the 
applicable Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 15. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions or the Agency Agreement, the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall not be required in the case of amendments to these Conditions pursuant to 
Condition 6.7 to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate(s) or amount of interest or the basis for calculating 
any Interest Amount on the Notes or for any other variation of these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement required 
to be made in the circumstances described in Condition 6.7 (with respect to Condition 6.7(I), where the Issuer has 
delivered to the Calculation Agent a certificate pursuant to Condition 6.7(I)(e)). 
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, create and issue further 
notes having terms and conditions the same as those of this Series of Notes, or the same in all respects except for the 
amount and/or date of the first payment of interest thereon, the issue date and/or the date from which interest starts to 
accrue, so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with such outstanding Notes; provided that the 
Issuer shall ensure that such further notes will be fungible with such outstanding Notes for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes as a result of their issuance being a “qualified reopening” under U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.1275-2(k) 
unless the original Notes were, and such further Notes are, offered and sold by (or on behalf of) the Issuer solely in 
reliance upon Regulation S in offshore transactions to Persons other than U.S. persons.

--- Page 245 ---
226 
In addition, the Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, create and 
issue separate Series of Notes under the Programme. 
18. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No Person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any Person that exists or is available apart from that 
Act. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
19.1 
Governing Law 
These Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection herewith, are and shall be (and 
the Notes and Coupons state that they, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, 
are and shall be) governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
19.2 
Submission to Jurisdiction 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, that the High Court of Justice 
of England and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court in respect of any appeal relating 
to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales) have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any disputes that arise out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating 
to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or Coupons) and accordingly 
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts with respect thereto. 
In connection with any suit, action or other proceeding arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the Coupons 
(including any such suit, action or other proceeding relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons) (together referred to as “Proceedings”), the Issuer waives any objection 
to the High Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court in 
respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales) 
on the grounds that it is an inconvenient or inappropriate forum. 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may initiate any Proceedings against the Issuer 
in any other court of competent jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
19.3 
Consent to Enforcement 
The Issuer agrees, without prejudice to the enforcement of a judgment obtained in the High Court of Justice of England 
and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court in respect of any appeal relating to any 
judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales) according to the provisions of Article 
54 of the International Private and Procedure Law of Türkiye (Law No. 5718), that in the event that any action is 
brought in relation to the Issuer in a court in Türkiye in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, in addition to 
other permissible legal evidence pursuant to the Civil Procedure Code of Türkiye (Law No. 6100), any judgment 
obtained in such courts in connection with such action shall constitute conclusive evidence of the existence and amount 
of the claim against the Issuer pursuant to the provisions of the first paragraph of Article 193 of the Civil Procedure 
Code of Türkiye (Law No. 6100) and Articles 58 and 59 of the International Private and Procedure Law of Türkiye 
(Law No. 5718). 
19.4 
Service of Process 
In connection with any Proceedings in England, service of process may be made upon the Issuer at any branch or other 
office of Qatar National Bank (Q.P.S.C.) in England (including, as of the date hereof, its London branch with a current 
address of 51 Grosvenor Street, London, W1K 3HH, United Kingdom) and the Issuer undertakes that, in the event of 
such process agent ceasing to have such a branch or other office, the Issuer shall promptly appoint another Person as

--- Page 246 ---
227 
its agent for that purpose. This Condition does not affect the right to serve process in any other manner allowed by 
law. 
19.5 
Other Documents 
The Issuer has, in the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed Poll, submitted to the jurisdiction of 
the High Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court in 
respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales) 
and appointed an agent in England for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above in this 
Condition 19.

--- Page 247 ---
228 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and procedures 
of the Clearing Systems currently in effect. The information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained 
from sources that the Bank’s management believes to be reliable, but neither the Bank nor any Dealer takes any responsibility 
for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the 
continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. 
None of the Issuer nor any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect 
of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the facilities 
of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is required to notify Central Registry İstanbul within three İstanbul 
business days from the applicable Issue Date of a Tranche of Notes of the amount, Issue Date, ISIN (if any), interest 
commencement date, maturity date, interest rate, name of the custodian and currency of such Notes and the country of issuance. 
Book-entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York Banking Law, a 
“banking organization” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the 
New York Uniform Commercial Code and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC 
holds securities that its direct participants (“Direct Participants”) deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among 
Direct Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic 
computerised book-entry changes in Direct Participants’ accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of 
securities certificates. Direct Participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations 
and certain other organisations. Access to the DTC System is also available to others such as securities brokers and dealers, 
banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or 
indirectly (“Indirect Participants” and, with Direct Participants, “Participants”). 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the “DTC Rules”), DTC 
makes book-entry transfers of securities among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts with respect to notes accepted into 
DTC’s book-entry settlement system (“DTC Notes”) as described below and receives and transmits distributions of principal 
and interest on DTC Notes. The DTC Rules are on file with the SEC. Participants with which beneficial owners of DTC Notes 
(“DTC Beneficial Owners”) have accounts with respect to the DTC Notes similarly are required to make book-entry transfers 
and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective DTC Beneficial Owners. Accordingly, although DTC 
Beneficial Owners who hold interests in DTC Notes through Participants will not possess the securities, the DTC Rules, by 
virtue of the requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive payments and will 
be able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will receive a 
credit for the DTC Notes on DTC’s records. The ownership interest of each DTC Beneficial Owner is in turn to be recorded 
on the relevant Direct Participant’s and Indirect Participant’s records. DTC Beneficial Owners will not receive written 
confirmation from DTC of their purchases, but DTC Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing 
details of each transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Participant through which the DTC 
Beneficial Owner holds its interest in the DTC Notes. Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Notes are to be accomplished 
by entries made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of DTC Beneficial Owners. DTC Beneficial Owners will not 
receive certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Notes, except in the event that use of the book-entry system 
for the DTC Notes is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Direct Participants with DTC are registered in the name 
of DTC’s partnership nominee, Cede & Co. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & 
Co. effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual DTC Beneficial Owners; DTC’s records 
reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be

--- Page 248 ---
229 
the DTC Beneficial Owners. The Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their 
customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect 
Participants, and by Participants to DTC Beneficial Owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any 
statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. 
Redemption notices will be sent to Cede & Co. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being redeemed, 
DTC’s practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes. Under its usual procedures, DTC mails 
an omnibus proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The omnibus proxy assigns Cede & Co.’s consenting 
or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the DTC Notes are credited on the record date (identified in a 
listing attached to the omnibus proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to DTC or its nominee. DTC’s practice is to credit 
accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in accordance with their respective holdings as shown in the 
records of DTC, subject to the receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from the Issuer or the relevant Paying 
Agent. Payments by Participants to DTC Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, 
as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in “street name,” and will be the 
responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be 
in effect from time to time. Payment of principal and interest to DTC or its nominee is the responsibility of the Issuer, 
disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the 
DTC Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will exchange the DTC 
Notes for Definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Direct Participants in accordance with their requests and 
proportionate entitlements and that will be legended as described in “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, any DTC 
Beneficial Owner desiring to pledge its interest in DTC Notes to Persons that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take 
actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to effect such pledge through DTC and its Participants or, if not 
possible to so effect it, to withdraw its securities from DTC as described below. 
The applicable laws in some jurisdictions might require that certain Persons take physical delivery of securities in 
definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer an interest in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note to such 
Persons might depend upon the ability to exchange such interest for Notes in definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can only 
act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a Person 
having an interest in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to pledge such interest to Persons that 
do not participate in the DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Notes may depend upon the ability to 
exchange such interest for Notes in definitive form. The ability of any holder of an interest in Notes represented by a Registered 
Global Note accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such interests might be impaired if the proposed transferee 
of such interests is not eligible to hold such interests through a Participant. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg as a professional depositary. Clearstream, 
Luxembourg holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between 
Clearstream, Luxembourg customers through electronic book-entry changes in accounts of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
customers, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates. Transactions may be settled by Clearstream, 
Luxembourg in any of a number of currencies, including U.S. dollars and Turkish Lira. Clearstream, Luxembourg provides to 
its customers, among other things, services for safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded 
securities and securities lending and borrowing. Clearstream, Luxembourg also deals with domestic securities markets in 
several countries through established depository and custodial relationships.

--- Page 249 ---
230 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is registered as a bank in Luxembourg, and as such is subject to regulation by the 
Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier and the Banque Centrale du Luxembourg, which supervise and oversee the 
activities of Luxembourg banks. Clearstream, Luxembourg’s customers are recognised financial institutions around the world, 
including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access to 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a direct 
participant in Clearstream, Luxembourg. Clearstream, Luxembourg has established an electronic bridge with Euroclear to 
facilitate settlement of trades between Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. 
The ability of an owner of a beneficial interest in a Note held through Clearstream, Luxembourg to pledge such interest 
to Persons that do not participate in the Clearstream, Luxembourg system, or otherwise take action in respect of such interest, 
might be limited by the lack of a definitive note for such interest because Clearstream, Luxembourg can act only on behalf of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg’s customers, who in turn act on behalf of their own customers. The applicable laws of some 
jurisdictions might require that certain Persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability 
to transfer beneficial interests in the Notes to such Persons might be limited. In addition, beneficial owners of Notes held 
through the Clearstream, Luxembourg system will receive payments of principal, interest and any other amounts on the Notes 
only through Clearstream, Luxembourg participants. 
Euroclear 
Euroclear holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions by 
electronic book-entry transfer between its direct participants. Euroclear provides various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear 
also deals with domestic securities markets in several countries through established depository and custodial relationships. 
Euroclear customers are world-wide financial institutions, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust 
companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access to Euroclear is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain 
a custodial relationship with participants in Euroclear. 
The ability of an owner of a beneficial interest in a Note held through Euroclear to pledge such interest to Persons that 
do not participate in the Euroclear system, or otherwise take action in respect of such interest, might be limited by the lack of 
a definitive note for such interest because Euroclear can act only on behalf of Euroclear’s customers, who in turn act on behalf 
of their own customers. The applicable laws of some jurisdictions might require that certain Persons take physical delivery of 
securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer beneficial interests in the Notes to such Persons might be 
limited. In addition, beneficial owners of Notes held through the Euroclear system will receive payments of principal, interest 
and any other amounts on the Notes only through Euroclear participants. 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments on Global Notes 
The Issuer has applied to each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to have Global Note(s) accepted in its book-
entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Global Note, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, 
will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the interests represented by such Global Note 
to the accounts of Persons who have accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. Such accounts 
initially will be designated by (or on behalf of) the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s). Interests in such a Global Note through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, will be limited to participants of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable. Interests in such a Global Note will be shown on, and the transfer of such interests will be effected 
only through, records maintained by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or its nominee (with respect to the interests 
of direct Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg participants) and the records of direct or indirect Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg participants (with respect to interests of indirect Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
participants). 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted 
in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Registered Global Note, DTC or its custodian will credit, on 
its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the individual beneficial interests represented by such 
Registered Global Note to the accounts of Persons who have accounts with DTC. Such accounts initially will be designated by 
(or on behalf of) the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s). Ownership of beneficial interests in such a Registered Global Note will 
be limited to Direct Participants and Indirect Participants, including, in the case of any Regulation S Registered Global Note, 
the respective depositaries of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Registered Global

--- Page 250 ---
231 
Note accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, records maintained 
by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct Participants and Indirect 
Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest on a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC will be made to the 
order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Global Note. In the case of any payment in a currency other than 
U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in 
accordance with instructions received by it) remit all or a portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial owners 
of interests in the Registered Global Note in the currency in which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of 
such payment to be converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable Participants’ account. 
Subject to the preceding paragraph, payments of principal and interest on a Global Note will be made to DTC, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear or their respective nominee, as the case may be, as the registered holder of such Global 
Note. The Issuer expects DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear to credit accounts of their respective direct 
accountholders on the applicable payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by direct DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or Euroclear accountholders to indirect participants in such Clearing Systems will be governed by standing instructions and 
customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers of such Clearing System, and will be the 
responsibility of such direct participant and not the responsibility of such Clearing System, the Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent, 
the Registrar or the Bank. Payments of principal and interest on the Notes to a Clearing System (or its nominee) are the 
responsibility of the Issuer. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of the relevant Clearing System. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described in “Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions,” cross-market transfers between Participants in DTC, on the one hand, and directly and indirectly through 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear participants, on the other, will be effected by the relevant Clearing System in 
accordance with its rules and through action taken by the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and any custodian (“Custodian”) with 
whom the relevant Registered Global Notes have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Tranche, transfers of Notes of such Tranche between participants in Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Tranche between Participants in DTC will generally have a 
settlement date two business days after the trade date (T+2). The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will 
apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between participants in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and Participants in DTC will 
need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there is no direct link between DTC, on 
the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, transfers of interests in the relevant Registered Global 
Notes will be effected through the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, 
certification) from the transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated 
account for the transferee. In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
participants and DTC’s Participants cannot be made on a delivery-versus-payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a 
free delivery basis and arrangements for payment must be made separately. 
Each Clearing System has published rules and operating procedures designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial 
interests in global securities among participants of the Clearing Systems; however, they are under no obligation to perform or 
continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures might be discontinued or changed at any time. None of the Issuer, 
the Agents or any Arranger or Dealer will be responsible for any performance by the Clearing Systems or their respective direct 
or indirect participants of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations and none of 
them will have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the 
Notes represented by Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial interests.

--- Page 251 ---
232 
TAXATION 
This is a general summary of certain Turkish tax laws and other tax considerations in connection with an investment 
in the Notes. This summary does not address all aspects of Turkish tax law and considerations or the laws of other jurisdictions 
(including the UK, the United States or any state or local tax law, including any jurisdiction in which an investor in the Notes 
is subject to taxes). While this summary is considered to be a correct interpretation of existing laws in force on the date of this 
Base Prospectus, there can be no assurance that those laws or the interpretation of those laws will not change. This summary 
does not discuss all of the tax consequences that might be relevant to an investor in light of such investor’s particular 
circumstances or to investors subject to special rules, such as regulated investment companies, certain financial institutions or 
insurance companies. In addition, each investor should note that the tax laws of such investor’s jurisdiction might have an 
impact on the income received from the Notes. 
Prospective investors in the Notes are advised to consult their tax advisors with respect to the tax consequences 
of the purchase, ownership or disposition of the Notes (or the purchase, ownership or disposition by an owner of 
beneficial interests therein) as well as any tax consequences that might arise under the laws of any state, municipality 
or other taxing jurisdiction (including of their respective citizenship, residence or domicile), including (but not limited 
to) the consequences of receipt of payments on the Notes and the disposal of investments in the Notes. 
Certain Turkish Tax Considerations 
The following discussion is a summary of certain Turkish tax considerations relating to an investment in the Notes by 
a Person who is a non-resident of Türkiye. References to “resident” in this section refer to tax residents of Türkiye and 
references to “non-resident” in this section refer to Persons who are not tax resident in Türkiye. 
The discussion is based upon current law and is for general information only. The discussion below is not intended to 
constitute a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the acquisition, ownership or disposition of the Notes that 
may be relevant to a decision to make an investment in the Notes. Furthermore, the discussion only relates to the investment 
by a Person in the Notes where the Notes will not be held in connection with the conduct of a trade or business through a 
permanent establishment in Türkiye. Each investor should consult its own tax advisors concerning the tax considerations 
applicable to its particular situation. This discussion is based upon laws and relevant interpretations thereof in effect as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, all of which are subject to change, possibly with a retroactive effect. In addition, it does not 
describe any tax consequences: (a) arising under the laws of any taxing jurisdiction other than Türkiye or (b) applicable to a 
resident of Türkiye or a permanent establishment in Türkiye resulting either from the existence of a fixed place of business or 
appointment of a permanent representative. 
For Turkish tax purposes, a legal entity is a resident of Türkiye if its corporate domicile is in Türkiye or its effective 
place of management is in Türkiye. A resident legal entity is subject to Turkish taxes on its worldwide income, whereas a non-
resident legal entity is only liable for Turkish taxes on its trading income made through a permanent establishment or on income 
otherwise sourced in Türkiye. 
An individual is a resident of Türkiye if such individual has established domicile in Türkiye or stays in Türkiye more 
than six months in a calendar year. On the other hand, foreign individuals who stay in Türkiye for six months or more for a 
specific job or business or particular purposes that are specified in the Turkish Income Tax Law might not be treated as a 
resident of Türkiye depending upon the characteristics of their stay. A resident individual is liable for Turkish taxes on his or 
her worldwide income, whereas a non-resident individual is only liable for Turkish taxes on income sourced in Türkiye. 
Income from capital investment is sourced in Türkiye when the principal is invested in Türkiye. Capital gain derived 
from trading income is considered sourced in Türkiye when the activity or transaction generating such income is performed or 
accounted for in Türkiye. The term “accounted for” means that a payment is made in Türkiye, or if the payment is made abroad, 
it is recorded in the books in Türkiye or apportioned from the profits of the payer or the Person on whose behalf the payment 
is made in Türkiye. 
Any withholding tax levied on income derived by a non-resident is the final tax for such non-resident and no further 
declaration is required. Any other income of a non-resident sourced in Türkiye that has not been subject to withholding tax will 
be subject to taxation through declaration where treaty relief and exemptions are reserved.

--- Page 252 ---
233 
Interest paid on debt instruments (such as the Notes) issued abroad by a resident corporation is subject to withholding 
tax as regulated through the Tax Decrees. The withholding tax rates are set according to the original maturity of notes issued 
abroad by resident corporations as follows: 
(a) 7% withholding tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of less than one year, 
(b) 3% withholding tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of at least one year and less than three 
years, and 
(c) 0% withholding tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of three years or more. 
Interest income derived by a resident corporation or resident individual is subject to further declaration and the 
withholding tax paid can be credited against the income tax calculated on the tax return. For resident individuals, the entire 
amount is required to be declared as taxable income if the interest income derived exceeds TL 150,000 (for the income derived 
in 2023) together with the income from other marketable securities, rental income from immovable property and salaries 
(except for salaries referred to under Article 86/1 of the Turkish Income Tax Law); provided that they were all subjected to 
income taxation through withholding. For resident corporations, interest income at any amount is subject to declaration. 
In general, capital gains are not taxed through withholding tax and therefore any capital gain sourced in Türkiye with 
respect to the Notes may be subject to declaration; however, pursuant to Provisional Article 67 (which is effective until 
31 December 2025) of the Turkish Income Tax Law, as amended by laws numbered 6111, 6555 and 7256, special or separate 
tax returns will not be submitted for capital gains from the notes of a resident corporation issued abroad when the income is 
derived by a non-resident. Therefore, no tax is levied on non-residents in respect of capital gains from the Notes and no 
declaration is required. 
A non-resident holder will not be liable for Turkish estate, inheritance or similar tax with respect to its investment in 
the Notes, nor will it be liable for any Turkish stamp issue, registration or similar tax or duty relating thereto. 
Capital gains realised by a resident corporation or individual on the sale or redemption of the Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) are subject to income tax or corporate (income) tax declaration. The corporate income tax rate in Türkiye for 
2023 is: (a) 25% for banks, financial leasing, factoring and financing companies, e-money and payment services institutions, 
authorised foreign exchange currency-related entities, asset management companies (varlık yönetim şirketleri), securities 
intermediaries and other capital markets institutions, insurance and reinsurance companies and pension companies and (b) 20% 
for other corporate entities (the rate for individuals’ income tax ranges from 15% to 40% at progressive rates). Capital gains 
are, in principle, calculated in local currency terms and resident individuals’ acquisition costs can be increased at the Producer 
Price Index’s rate of increase for each month except for the month of discharge, so long as such index increased by at least 
10%. 
Due to the February 2023 earthquakes in Kahramanmaraş, a one-time additional tax was (pursuant to amendments 
made by Law No. 7440 on the “Restructuring of Certain Receivables and Amending Some Laws” published in the Official 
Gazette on 12 March 2023) announced to be charged for fiscal years ending in 2022 to corporate taxpayers (other than the ones 
located in the provinces and districts affected by such earthquakes) that benefit from certain exemptions and deductions in the 
calculation of their corporate income tax. This additional tax amount varies from 5% to 10% depending upon the condition of 
the relevant taxpayer. 
Reduced Withholding Tax Rates 
Under current laws in Türkiye, interest payments on notes issued abroad by a resident corporation will be subject to a 
withholding tax at a rate between 7% and 0% (inclusive) in Türkiye, as detailed above. 
If a double taxation treaty is in effect between Türkiye and the country of which the holder of the notes is an income 
tax resident (in some cases, for example, pursuant to the treaties with the UK and the United States, the term “beneficial owner” 
is used) that provides for the application of a lower withholding tax rate than the local rate to be applied by the issuer 
corporation, then the lower rate may be applicable. For the application of withholding at a reduced rate that benefits from the 
provisions of a double tax treaty concluded between Türkiye and the country in which the investor is an income tax resident,

--- Page 253 ---
234 
an original copy of the certificate of residence signed by the competent authority is required, with a translated copy certified 
by a notary or the Turkish embassy in the relevant country, to verify that the investor is subject to taxation over its worldwide 
gains in the relevant country on the basis of resident taxpayer status, as a resident of such country to the related tax office 
directly or through the banks and intermediary institutions prior to the application of withholding. In the event the certificate 
of residence is not delivered prior to the application of withholding tax, then upon the subsequent delivery of the certificate of 
residence, a refund of the excess tax shall be granted pursuant to the provisions of the relevant double taxation treaty and the 
Turkish tax legislation. 
Value Added Tax 
Bond issuances and interest payments on bonds are exempt from Türkiye’s value added tax pursuant to Article 17/4(g) 
of the Value Added Tax Law (Law No. 3065), as amended pursuant to the Turkish Tax Bill Regarding Improvement of the 
Investment Environment (Law No. 6728) published in the Official Gazette dated 9 August 2016 and numbered 29796. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” (as defined in FATCA) (a “Foreign Financial Institution”) may 
be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“Foreign Passthru Payments”) to payees who fail to meet certain 
certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer is a Foreign Financial Institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Türkiye) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus, a Foreign Financial Institution in an IGA jurisdiction 
would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or such IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the 
application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may 
be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final 
regulations defining Foreign Passthru Payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes characterised as debt (or 
that are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to 
the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining Foreign Passthru Payments are published in the 
U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after 
such date; however, if additional Notes (see Condition 17) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued 
after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents might 
treat all Notes, including Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under 
FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules might apply to their investment in the Notes. 
If any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, then, in accordance 
with Condition 9.1, in no event will the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any other Person be required to pay any Additional 
Amounts or other amounts in respect of the Notes (including on Coupons) for, or on account of, any FATCA Withholding Tax. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a Directive 
for a common financial transaction tax (“FTT”) that might apply in certain Member States of the EU (the “Participating 
Member States”); however, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. The Commission’s Proposal has very broad 
scope and might, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain 
circumstances. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to Persons both within and outside 
of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one party is a 
financial institution and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. A financial institution might be, or be 
deemed to be, “established” in a Participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including: (a) by transacting 
with a Person established in a Participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument that is subject to the dealings 
is issued in a Participating Member State; however, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation among the Participating 
Member States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus. Participating Member States might decide to withdraw and additional Member States of the EU might 
decide to participate. Separately, certain members of the EU (including France, Italy and Spain) have introduced their own

--- Page 254 ---
235 
financial transaction taxes. Prospective investors in the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to 
the FTT, other potentially applicable financial transaction taxes and their potential impact on the Notes.

--- Page 255 ---
236 
CERTAIN CONSIDERATIONS FOR ERISA AND OTHER U.S. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 
Subject to the following discussion, the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may be acquired with assets of an 
“employee benefit plan” (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA), that is subject to Title I of ERISA, a “plan” as defined in and 
subject to Section 4975 of the Code and any entity deemed to hold “plan assets” of any of the foregoing (each a “Benefit Plan 
Investor”), as well as by governmental plans (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA), certain church plans (as defined in 
Section 3(33) of ERISA) and non-U.S. plans (as described in Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA) (collectively, with Benefit Plan 
Investors, referred to as “Plans”). Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit a Benefit Plan Investor from 
engaging in certain transactions with Persons who are “parties in interest” under ERISA or “disqualified persons” under the 
Code with respect to such Benefit Plan Investor. A violation of these “prohibited transaction” rules might result in an excise 
tax or other penalties and liabilities under ERISA and the Code for such Persons or the fiduciaries of such Benefit Plan Investor. 
In addition, Title I of ERISA requires fiduciaries of a Benefit Plan Investor subject to ERISA to make investments that are 
prudent, diversified and in accordance with the governing plan documents. Governmental plans, certain church plans and non-
U.S. plans are not subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA and the prohibited transaction provisions of 
Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code; however, such Plans might be subject to any applicable state, local, other 
federal or non-U.S. law that is substantially similar to Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (“Similar Law”). 
An investment in the Notes by (or on behalf of) a Benefit Plan Investor could give rise to a prohibited transaction if 
the Bank, an Arranger, a Dealer, an Agent, the Listing Agent or any of their respective affiliates is or becomes a party in interest 
or a “disqualified person” with respect to such Benefit Plan Investor. Certain exemptions from the prohibited transaction rules 
could be applicable to the acquisition or holding of an investment in the Notes by a Benefit Plan Investor depending upon the 
type and circumstances of the plan fiduciary making the decision to acquire such investment and the relationship of the party 
in interest or “disqualified person” to the Benefit Plan Investor. Included among these exemptions are: Section 408(b)(17) of 
ERISA and Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code for certain transactions between a Benefit Plan Investor and Persons who are 
parties in interest or “disqualified persons” solely by reason of providing services to the Benefit Plan Investor or being affiliated 
with such service providers; Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption (“PTCE”) 96-23, regarding transactions effected by “in-
house asset managers;” PTCE 95-60, regarding investments by insurance company general accounts; PTCE 91-38, regarding 
investments by bank collective investment funds; PTCE 90-1, regarding investments by insurance company pooled separate 
accounts; and PTCE 84-14, regarding transactions effected by “qualified professional asset managers.” Even if the conditions 
specified in one or more of these exemptions are met, the scope of the relief provided by these exemptions might or might not 
cover all acts that might be construed as prohibited transactions. There can be no assurance that any of these, or any other 
exemption, will be available with respect to any particular transaction involving the Notes, and prospective investors that are 
Benefit Plan Investors should consult with their legal advisors regarding the applicability of any such exemption. 
By acquiring a Note (or a beneficial interest therein), each purchaser and transferee (and if such purchaser or transferee 
is a Plan, then its fiduciary) is deemed to represent and warrant to, and agree with, the Issuer that either: (a) it is not, and for so 
long as it holds the Note (or a beneficial interest therein) will not be, acquiring or holding a Note (or a beneficial interest therein) 
with the assets of a Benefit Plan Investor or a Plan that is subject to Similar Law, or (b) the acquisition, holding and disposition 
of the Note (or a beneficial interest therein) will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under 
Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or a violation of Similar Law. 
Each purchaser and transferee of the Notes (or any interest therein) that is a Benefit Plan Investor (and, if applicable, 
its fiduciary) will be further deemed to represent and warrant to, and agree with, the Issuer that: (a) none of the Issuer, the 
Dealers, the Arrangers, the Agents or any of their respective affiliates has provided such Benefit Plan Investor (and, if 
applicable, such fiduciary or other person investing the assets of such Benefit Plan Investor, “Fiduciary”) any recommendation 
or advice with respect to such investment nor has such Benefit Plan Investor or Fiduciary relied thereon as a primary basis in 
connection with its decision to invest in the Notes, (b) none of the Issuer, the Dealers, the Arrangers, the Agents or any of their 
respective affiliates have acted or are otherwise undertaking to act as a fiduciary (as defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA or 
Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code) to such Benefit Plan Investor or Fiduciary in connection with such investment and (c) such 
Benefit Plan investor or Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in evaluating such investment in the Notes. 
Prospective investors in the Notes are advised to consult their advisors with respect to the matters discussed above 
and other applicable legal requirements.

--- Page 256 ---
237 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 26 April 2023 (such agreement as further 
amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Programme Agreement”), agreed (or, when acceding thereto, 
will agree) with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein). Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes.” In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment, this update and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the 
Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain losses, claims, costs, expenses, damages, demands or liabilities 
incurred by them in connection therewith. 
In connection with any offering of Notes, one or more Dealer(s) might purchase and sell Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) in the secondary market. Offers and sales of the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) in the United States may only 
be made by those Dealers or their affiliates that are registered broker-dealers under the Exchange Act or in accordance with 
Rule 15a-6 thereunder. These transactions might include overallotment, syndicate covering transactions and stabilisation 
transactions. Overallotment involves the sale of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) in excess of the principal amount of 
Notes to be purchased by the Dealer(s) in their initial offering, which creates a short position for the applicable Dealer(s). 
Covering transactions involve the purchase of the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) in the open market after the distribution 
has been completed in order to cover short positions. Stabilisation transactions consist of certain bids or purchases of Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein) made for the purpose of preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of an investment in 
the Notes while the offering is in progress. Any of these activities might have the effect of preventing or retarding a decline in 
the market price of an investment in the Notes. They might also cause the price of the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to 
be higher than the price that otherwise would exist in the open market in the absence of these transactions. The applicable 
Dealer(s) might conduct these transactions in the over-the-counter market or otherwise. If a Dealer commences any of these 
transactions, then it might discontinue them at any time. Under English law, stabilisation activities may only be carried on by 
the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or Persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) and only for a limited period 
following the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
Investors in the Notes who wish to trade interests in Notes on their trade date or otherwise before the applicable Issue 
Date should consult their own advisor. 
All or certain of the Dealers, the Arrangers and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged 
in various activities, which might include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, investment 
management, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities. The Dealers, the Arrangers and/or certain of 
their respective affiliates might have performed investment banking and advisory services for the Issuer and/or the Issuer’s 
affiliates from time to time for which they might have received fees, expenses, reimbursements and/or other compensation. 
The Dealers, the Arrangers and/or certain of their respective affiliates might, from time to time, engage in transactions with, 
and perform advisory and other services for, the Issuer and/or the Issuer’s affiliates in the ordinary course of their business. 
Certain of the Dealers, the Arrangers and/or their respective affiliates have acted and expect in the future to act as a lender to 
the Issuer and/or other members of the Group and/or otherwise participate in transactions with the Group. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers, the Arrangers and their respective affiliates 
might make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) 
and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers and might at any 
time hold long and short positions in such securities and instruments. Such investments and securities activities might involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer and/or its affiliates. In addition, certain of the Dealers, the Arrangers and/or their 
respective affiliates that have a credit relationship with the Issuer and/or any of the Issuer’s affiliates might from time to time 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer and/or any of the Issuer’s affiliates pursuant to their customary risk management 
policies. These hedging activities might have an adverse effect on the trading price of an investment in the Notes. 
The Dealers, the Arrangers and their respective affiliates might also make investment recommendations and/or publish 
or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and might hold, or recommend to 
clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and/or instruments.

--- Page 257 ---
238 
TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
As a result of the following restrictions, investors in the Notes are advised to consult legal counsel prior to making 
any purchase, offer, sale, resale, pledge or other transfer of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein). 
Each purchaser and transferee (and if such purchaser or transferee is a Plan, then its fiduciary) of Registered Notes (or 
a beneficial interest therein) (other than a Person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note with a view to holding it 
in the form of an interest in the same Global Note) or a Person wishing to transfer an interest from one Registered Global Note 
to another or from global to definitive form (or vice versa) will be required to acknowledge, represent and warrant to and agree 
with the Issuer, and each Person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note with a view to holding it in the form of an 
interest in the same Global Note will be deemed to have acknowledged, represented and warranted to and agreed with the 
Issuer, as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A or in Regulation S are used herein as defined 
therein): 
(a) that it is not an “affiliate” (as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act) of the Bank and is not acting 
on the Bank’s behalf and it is either: (i) a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) for 
its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in reliance 
upon Rule 144A, (ii) an Institutional Accredited Investor that has delivered a duly executed IAI Investment Letter or 
(iii) not a U.S. person and is purchasing or acquiring the Notes (or a beneficial interest therein) in a transaction pursuant 
to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act, 
(b) that the Notes (or a beneficial interest therein) are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a 
public offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act and that such Notes (or a beneficial 
interest therein) have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. federal 
or state securities laws and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons except as set forth below, 
(c) that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Registered Global Note and is not a U.S. person, if in 
the future it decides to offer, resell, assign, transfer, pledge, encumber or otherwise dispose of the Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein), it will do so, prior to the date that is one year (or such shorter period of time as permitted by Rule 144 
under the Securities Act or any successor provision thereunder) after the later of the last Issue Date for such Notes and 
the last date on which the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer was the owner of such Notes or beneficial interests, only: 
(i) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof, (ii) to a Person whom the seller reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for 
its own account or for the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (iii) in an offshore 
transaction in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act, (iv) pursuant to the exemption from 
registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available) or (v) pursuant to an effective registration 
statement under the Securities Act, in each case in accordance with all applicable securities laws of the United States 
and all other jurisdictions; such investor acknowledges that the Bank reserves the right prior to any offer, sale or other 
transfer of a Rule 144A Global Note (or a beneficial interest therein) pursuant to clause (iv) or (v) to require the 
delivery of an opinion of counsel, certifications and/or other information satisfactory to the Bank, 
(d) that it will give to each Person to whom it transfers a Note (or a beneficial interest therein) notice of any 
restrictions on the transfer of such Note (or a beneficial interest therein) in this section, 
(e) that Notes (or beneficial interests therein) initially offered to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A will be 
represented by one or more Rule 144A Global Note(s), that Notes (or beneficial interests therein) offered to 
Institutional Accredited Investors pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act will be in the form of IAI 
Definitive Notes or one or more IAI Global Note(s) and that Notes (or beneficial interests therein) offered in offshore 
transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance upon Regulation S will be represented by one or more Regulation S 
Note(s),

--- Page 258 ---
239 
(f) that each Note issued pursuant to Rule 144A will bear a legend substantially in the following form (with, 
if in definitive form, appropriate revisions) unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer: 
“THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, 
ACCORDINGLY, THIS NOTE (AND BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) MAY NOT BE OFFERED, 
SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF 
WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS 
(AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE 
FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN), EACH HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN): (a) 
REPRESENTS (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT) THAT IT IS A “QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) 
PURCHASING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER(S), (b) AGREES 
(OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO AGREE) ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY 
INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, ASSIGN, TRANSFER, PLEDGE, ENCUMBER OR 
OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF SUCH SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY 
AGREEMENT AND, PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS ONE YEAR (OR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD OF 
TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY SUCCESSOR 
PROVISION THEREUNDER) AFTER THE LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES OF 
WHICH THIS NOTE IS A PART AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE 
(AS DEFINED IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER 
OF SUCH SECURITIES OTHER THAN: (i) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (ii) 
PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, 
(iii) FOR SO LONG AS THIS NOTE IS ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT, TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE 
REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (iv) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION COMPLYING WITH 
RULE 903 OR 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (v) PURSUANT TO ANY OTHER AVAILABLE 
EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND, IN 
EACH CASE, IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES AND 
ALL OTHER JURISDICTIONS; PROVIDED THAT THE ISSUER SHALL HAVE THE RIGHT PRIOR 
TO ANY SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER PURSUANT TO CLAUSE (iv) OR (v) ABOVE TO 
REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, CERTIFICATIONS AND/OR OTHER 
INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER, AND (c) AGREES (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO 
AGREE) THAT IT WILL GIVE TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM ANY INTEREST IN THIS NOTE IS 
OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE 
DISPOSED OF A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. NO 
REPRESENTATION IS MADE BY THE ISSUER AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION 
PROVIDED BY RULE 144 FOR RESALES OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN). 
[FOR GLOBAL NOTES CLEARING THROUGH DTC: UNLESS THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS 
PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, 
A NEW YORK CORPORATION, (“DTC”), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF 
TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY REGISTERED NOTE ISSUED IN EXCHANGE 
FOR THIS GLOBAL NOTE OR ANY PORTION HEREOF IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF 
CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUIRED BY AN AUTHORISED 
REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH 
OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY 
TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY 
PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE THEREOF IS WRONGFUL IN AS MUCH AS THE 
REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

--- Page 259 ---
240 
THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR A 
SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE 
THEREOF EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES SET FORTH IN THIS GLOBAL NOTE, 
AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS LEGEND. BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL 
NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS LEGEND.] 
EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE (AND IF SUCH PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE 
IS A PLAN, THEN ITS FIDUCIARY) OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL 
BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT AND WARRANT TO, AND AGREE WITH, THE ISSUER THAT 
EITHER: (a) IT IS NOT, AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE, ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WITH THE ASSETS OF: (i) AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” AS DEFINED IN 
SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS 
AMENDED (“ERISA”), OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE 
PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (ii) A “PLAN” AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO 
SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”), OF 
THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, (iii) ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE 
“PLAN ASSETS” OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING OR (iv) A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-
U.S. PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY STATE, LOCAL, OTHER FEDERAL OR NON-U.S. LAW 
THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE 
CODE (“SIMILAR LAW”), OR (b) THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE 
(OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-
EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF 
THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW. 
THIS NOTE AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED 
FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDER OF 
THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) SENT TO ITS REGISTERED ADDRESS (OR, 
FOR HOLDERS OF BENEFICIAL INTERESTS, TO THE EXTENT FORWARDED TO THEM BY THE 
APPLICABLE CLEARING SYSTEM), TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES 
FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) 
TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR 
IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES 
GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL 
BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN), TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH 
SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING UPON THE HOLDER HEREOF (AND HOLDERS OF A 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS NOTE (AND HOLDERS 
OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR 
SUBSTITUTION HEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON).”, 
(g) that each IAI Note will bear a legend in the following form (with, if an IAI Definitive Note, appropriate 
revisions) unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, 
ACCORDINGLY, THIS NOTE (AND BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) MAY NOT BE OFFERED, 
SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF 
WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS 
(AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE 
FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN), EACH HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN): (a) 
REPRESENTS (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT) THAT IT IS AN “ACCREDITED

--- Page 260 ---
241 
INVESTOR” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(A)(1), (2), (3), OR (7) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) 
THAT IS AN INSTITUTION, (b) AGREES (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO AGREE) ON ITS OWN 
BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HOLDS THIS NOTE 
(OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, ASSIGN, TRANSFER, 
PLEDGE, ENCUMBER OR OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF SUCH SECURITIES EXCEPT IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT, THE TERMS OF THE IAI INVESTMENT 
LETTER IT EXECUTED IN CONNECTION WITH ITS PURCHASE OF THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL 
INTERESTS HEREIN) AND, PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS ONE YEAR (OR SUCH SHORTER 
PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY 
SUCCESSOR PROVISION THEREUNDER) AFTER THE LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR 
THE SERIES OF WHICH THIS NOTE IS A PART AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER 
OR AN AFFILIATE (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) OF THE ISSUER 
WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH SECURITIES OTHER THAN: (i) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE 
THEREOF, (ii) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, (iii) FOR SO LONG AS THIS NOTE IS ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO 
RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY 
BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT 
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION 
MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (iv) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION 
COMPLYING WITH RULE 903 OR 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (v) PURSUANT TO ANY 
OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND, IN EACH CASE, IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND ALL OTHER JURISDICTIONS; PROVIDED THAT THE ISSUER SHALL 
HAVE THE RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER PURSUANT TO 
CLAUSE (iv) OR (v) ABOVE TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, 
CERTIFICATIONS AND/OR OTHER INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER, AND (c) 
AGREES (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO AGREE) THAT IT WILL GIVE TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM 
ANY INTEREST IN THIS NOTE IS OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, 
ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF 
THIS LEGEND. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE BY THE ISSUER AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF 
THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 FOR RESALES OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN). 
[FOR GLOBAL NOTES CLEARING THROUGH DTC: UNLESS THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS 
PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, 
A NEW YORK CORPORATION, (“DTC”), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF 
TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY REGISTERED NOTE ISSUED IN EXCHANGE 
FOR THIS GLOBAL NOTE OR ANY PORTION HEREOF IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF 
CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUIRED BY AN AUTHORISED 
REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH 
OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY 
TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY 
PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE THEREOF IS WRONGFUL IN AS MUCH AS THE 
REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR A 
SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE 
THEREOF EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES SET FORTH IN THIS GLOBAL NOTE, 
AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS LEGEND. BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL 
NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS LEGEND.] 
EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE (AND IF SUCH PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE 
IS A PLAN, THEN ITS FIDUCIARY) OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL 
BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT AND WARRANT TO, AND AGREE WITH, THE ISSUER THAT 
EITHER: (a) IT IS NOT, AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL

--- Page 261 ---
242 
INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE, ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WITH THE ASSETS OF: (i) AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” AS DEFINED IN 
SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS 
AMENDED (“ERISA”), OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE 
PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (ii) A “PLAN” AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO 
SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”), OF 
THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, (iii) ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE 
“PLAN ASSETS” OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING OR (iv) A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-
U.S. PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY STATE, LOCAL, OTHER FEDERAL OR NON-U.S. LAW 
THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE 
CODE (“SIMILAR LAW”), OR (b) THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE 
(OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-
EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF 
THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW. 
THIS NOTE AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED 
FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDER OF 
THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) SENT TO ITS REGISTERED ADDRESS (OR, 
FOR HOLDERS OF BENEFICIAL INTERESTS, TO THE EXTENT FORWARDED TO THEM BY THE 
APPLICABLE CLEARING SYSTEM), TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES 
FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) 
TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR 
IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES 
GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL 
BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN), TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH 
SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING UPON THE HOLDER HEREOF (AND HOLDERS OF A 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS NOTE (AND HOLDERS 
OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR 
SUBSTITUTION HEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON).”, 
(h) if it holds a Definitive Regulation S Registered Note or a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Registered 
Global Note, then if it should offer, resell, assign, transfer, pledge, encumber or otherwise dispose such Note (or 
beneficial interest) prior to the expiration of a 40 day period after the later of the commencement of the offering to 
Persons other than distributors and the applicable Issue Date (the “Distribution Compliance Period”), it will do so 
only: (i)(A) in an offshore transaction in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act or (B) to a QIB in 
compliance with Rule 144A, and (ii) in accordance with all applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws; and it 
acknowledges that such Notes (with appropriate revisions) will bear a legend in the following form unless otherwise 
agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, 
ACCORDINGLY, THIS NOTE (AND BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) MAY NOT BE OFFERED, 
SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF: 
(a) WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. 
PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) UNLESS THE 
TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS 
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND (b) EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES AND ALL OTHER JURISDICTIONS. THE HOLDER 
OF THIS NOTE (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN), BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF (OR 
OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN), AGREES (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO AGREE) ON ITS 
OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS HOLDING 
THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) THAT NO OFFER, SALE, ASSIGNMENT, 
TRANSFER, PLEDGE, ENCUMBRANCE OR OTHER DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR A

--- Page 262 ---
243 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL BE MADE TO A U.S. PERSON PRIOR TO THE 
EXPIRATION OF A 40 DAY PERIOD AFTER THE LATER OF THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE 
OFFERING TO PERSONS OTHER THAN DISTRIBUTORS AND THE ISSUE DATE OF THE 
TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART. 
[FOR GLOBAL NOTES CLEARING THROUGH DTC: UNLESS THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS 
PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, 
A NEW YORK CORPORATION, (“DTC”), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF 
TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY REGISTERED NOTE ISSUED IN EXCHANGE 
FOR THIS GLOBAL NOTE OR ANY PORTION HEREOF IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF 
CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUIRED BY AN AUTHORISED 
REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH 
OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY 
TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY 
PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE THEREOF IS WRONGFUL IN AS MUCH AS THE 
REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR A 
SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE 
THEREOF EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES SET FORTH IN THIS GLOBAL NOTE, 
AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS LEGEND. BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL 
NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS LEGEND.] 
EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE (AND IF SUCH PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE 
IS A PLAN, THEN ITS FIDUCIARY) OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL 
BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT AND WARRANT TO, AND AGREE WITH, THE ISSUER THAT 
EITHER: (a) IT IS NOT, AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE, ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WITH THE ASSETS OF: (i) AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” AS DEFINED IN 
SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS 
AMENDED (“ERISA”), OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE 
PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (ii) A “PLAN” AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO 
SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”), OF 
THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, (iii) ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE 
“PLAN ASSETS” OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING OR (iv) A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-
U.S. PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY STATE, LOCAL, OTHER FEDERAL OR NON-U.S. LAW 
THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE 
CODE (“SIMILAR LAW”), OR (b) THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE 
(OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-
EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF 
THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW. 
THIS NOTE AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED 
FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDER OF 
THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) SENT TO ITS REGISTERED ADDRESS (OR, 
FOR HOLDERS OF BENEFICIAL INTERESTS, TO THE EXTENT FORWARDED TO THEM BY THE 
APPLICABLE CLEARING SYSTEM), TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES 
FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) 
TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR 
IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES 
GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL 
BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN), TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH 
SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING UPON THE HOLDER HEREOF (AND HOLDERS OF A

--- Page 263 ---
244 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS NOTE (AND HOLDERS 
OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR 
SUBSTITUTION HEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON).”, 
(i) if it holds a Definitive Bearer Note or a beneficial interest in a Bearer Global Note, then if it should offer, 
resell, assign, transfer, pledge, encumber or otherwise dispose such Note (or beneficial interest) prior to the expiration 
of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, it will do so only: (i)(A) in an offshore transaction in compliance 
with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act or (B) to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A, and (ii) in accordance 
with all applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws; and it acknowledges that such Notes (with appropriate 
revisions) will bear a legend in the following form unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, 
ACCORDINGLY, THIS NOTE (AND BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) MAY NOT BE OFFERED, 
SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF: 
(a) WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. 
PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) UNLESS THE 
TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS 
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND (b) EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES AND ALL OTHER JURISDICTIONS. THE HOLDER 
OF THIS NOTE (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN), BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF (OR 
OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN), AGREES (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO AGREE) ON ITS 
OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS HOLDING 
THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) THAT NO OFFER, SALE, ASSIGNMENT, 
TRANSFER, PLEDGE, ENCUMBRANCE OR OTHER DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR A 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL BE MADE TO A U.S. PERSON PRIOR TO THE 
EXPIRATION OF A 40 DAY PERIOD AFTER THE LATER OF THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE 
OFFERING TO PERSONS OTHER THAN DISTRIBUTORS AND THE ISSUE DATE OF THE 
TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART. 
EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE (AND IF SUCH PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE 
IS A PLAN, THEN ITS FIDUCIARY) OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL 
BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT AND WARRANT TO, AND AGREE WITH, THE ISSUER THAT 
EITHER: (a) IT IS NOT, AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE, ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WITH THE ASSETS OF: (i) AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” AS DEFINED IN 
SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS 
AMENDED (“ERISA”), OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE 
PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (ii) A “PLAN” AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO 
SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”), OF 
THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, (iii) ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE 
“PLAN ASSETS” OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING OR (iv) A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-
U.S. PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY STATE, LOCAL, OTHER FEDERAL OR NON-U.S. LAW 
THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE 
CODE (“SIMILAR LAW”), OR (b) THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE 
(OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-
EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF 
THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW. 
THIS NOTE AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED 
FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDER OF 
THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) SENT TO ITS REGISTERED ADDRESS (OR, 
FOR HOLDERS OF BENEFICIAL INTERESTS, TO THE EXTENT FORWARDED TO THEM BY THE 
APPLICABLE CLEARING SYSTEM), TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES

--- Page 264 ---
245 
FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) 
TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR 
IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES 
GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL 
BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN), TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH 
SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING UPON THE HOLDER HEREOF (AND HOLDERS OF A 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS NOTE (AND HOLDERS 
OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR 
SUBSTITUTION HEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON).”, 
(j) that the Issuer, the Dealers and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees (or will be deemed to agree) that if any of such 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it will promptly notify the Issuer 
and the applicable Dealer(s); and if it is acquiring any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) as a fiduciary or agent for 
one or more accounts it represents, that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it 
has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such 
account, 
(k) that: (i) either: (A) it is not, and for so long as it holds a Note (or a beneficial interest therein) will not be, 
acquiring or holding such Note (or beneficial interest) with the assets of a Benefit Plan Investor or a Plan that is subject 
to Similar Law or (B) the acquisition, holding and disposition of such Note (or a beneficial interest therein) will not 
constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code 
or a violation of Similar Law and (ii) if the applicable investor is a Benefit Plan Investor, it will be further deemed to 
represent and warrant to, and agree with, the Issuer that: (A) none of the Issuer, the Dealers, the Arrangers, the Agents 
or any of their respective affiliates has provided such Benefit Plan Investor or Fiduciary any recommendation or advice 
with respect to such investment nor has such Benefit Plan Investor or Fiduciary relied thereon as a primary basis in 
connection with its decision to invest in the Notes, (B) none of the Issuer, the Dealers, the Arrangers, the Agents or 
any of their respective affiliates have acted or are otherwise undertaking to act as a fiduciary (as defined in 
Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code) to such Benefit Plan Investor or Fiduciary in connection 
with such investment and (C) such Benefit Plan investor or Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in 
evaluating such investment in the Notes, 
(l) if such investor purchases a Registered Note (or any beneficial interest therein), then it will also be deemed 
to acknowledge that the Registrar will not be required to accept for registration of transfer any Notes acquired by it 
except upon presentation of evidence satisfactory to the Bank and the Registrar that the restrictions set forth herein 
have been complied with, and 
(m) acknowledges that none of the Bank, the Arrangers or the Dealers, or any Person representing the Bank, 
the Arrangers or the Dealers, has made any representation to it with respect to the Bank or the offer or sale of any of 
the Notes (or a beneficial interest therein), other than the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any 
applicable supplements hereto, which has been delivered to the investor and upon which such investor is relying in 
making its investment decision with respect to the Notes (or beneficial interests therein); it acknowledges that the 
Arrangers and the Dealers make no representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of this Base 
Prospectus; it has had access to such financial and other information concerning the Bank and the applicable Notes as 
it has deemed necessary in connection with its decision to purchase such Notes (or a beneficial interest therein), 
including an opportunity to ask questions of and request information from the Bank and the applicable Dealer(s). 
Institutional Accredited Investors who invest in IAI Notes offered and sold in the United States as part of their original 
issuance in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act are required to 
execute and deliver to the Registrar an IAI Investment Letter. 
An IAI Investment Letter will state, among other things, the following: 
(a) that the applicable Institutional Accredited Investor has received a copy of this Base Prospectus and such 
other information as it deems necessary in order to make its investment decision,

--- Page 265 ---
246 
(b) that such Institutional Accredited Investor understands that such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are 
being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United States within the meaning of the 
Securities Act, and that such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other 
applicable U.S. federal or state securities laws and that any subsequent transfer of such Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) is subject to certain restrictions and conditions set forth in this Base Prospectus and such Notes (including 
those set out above) and that it agrees to be bound by, and not to reoffer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such 
Notes (or beneficial interests therein) except in compliance with, such restrictions and conditions and the Securities 
Act, 
(c) that, in the normal course of its business, the Institutional Accredited Investor invests in or purchases 
securities similar to the Notes, 
(d) that it is an Institutional Accredited Investor and has such knowledge and experience in financial and 
business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in the Notes, and it and any 
accounts for which it is acting are each able to bear the economic risk of its or any such accounts’ investment in the 
Notes for an indefinite period of time, 
(e) that such Institutional Accredited Investor is acquiring such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) for its 
own account or for one or more accounts (each of which is an Institutional Accredited Investor) as to each of which it 
exercises sole investment discretion and not with a view to any distribution of such Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein), subject, nevertheless, to the understanding that the disposition of its property shall at all times be and remain 
within its control, and 
(f) that, in the event that such Institutional Accredited Investor purchases Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein), it will acquire Notes (or beneficial interests therein) having a minimum purchase price of at least US$500,000 
(or the approximate equivalent in another Specified Currency) (or such other amount set forth in the applicable Final 
Terms). 
Unless set forth in the applicable Final Terms otherwise, no sale of Legended Notes (or a beneficial interest therein) 
in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than US$200,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount 
or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, US$500,000 (or 
its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount and no Legended Note will be issued in connection with such a sale in a 
smaller principal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary acting on behalf of others, then each Person for whom it is 
acting must purchase at least US$200,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited 
Investors pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, US$500,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount 
of Registered Notes (in each case, or such other amount as may be set forth in the applicable Final Terms). 
Pursuant to the BRSA decisions dated 6 May 2010 (No. 3665) and 30 September 2010 (No. 3875) and in accordance 
with Decree 32, residents of Türkiye: (a) may, in the secondary markets only, purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) denominated in a currency other than Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis, 
and (b) may, in both the primary and secondary markets, purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests therein) denominated 
in Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis; provided that, for both clauses (a) and (b), 
such purchase or sale complies with the Turkish Purchase Requirements. 
Selling Restrictions 
Türkiye 
The Issuer has obtained the CMB Approval from the CMB and the BRSA Approval from the BRSA required for the 
issuance of Notes under the Programme. The maximum debt instrument amount that the Bank may issue under the Programme 
Approvals is the Approved Issuance Limit; provided that the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of debt instruments 
denominated in Turkish Lira issued by the Bank (whether under this approval or otherwise) may not exceed TL 10,000,000,000. 
It should be noted that, regardless of the outstanding Note amount, unless the Bank obtains new approvals from the BRSA and 
the CMB, the aggregate debt instrument amount to be issued under the Programme Approvals may not exceed the Approved 
Issuance Limit. Pursuant to the Programme Approvals, the offer, sale and issue of Notes under the Programme has been

--- Page 266 ---
247 
authorised and approved in accordance with Decree 32, the Banking Law, the Capital Markets Law or their respective related 
laws and the Debt Instruments Communiqué. In addition, Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may only be offered or sold 
outside of Türkiye in accordance with the Programme Approvals. The Notes issued under the Programme prior to the date of 
the CMB Approval were issued under previously existing CMB approvals. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the BRSA decision dated 6 May 2010 No. 3665, the BRSA decision dated 
30 September 2010 No. 3875 and in accordance with Decree 32, residents of Türkiye may acquire Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) so long as they comply with the Turkish Purchase Requirements. 
To the extent (and in the form) required by applicable law, an approval from the CMB in respect of each Tranche of 
Notes is required to be obtained by the Issuer prior to the Issue Date of such Tranche of Notes. 
Monies paid for investments in the Notes are not protected by the insurance coverage provided by the SDIF. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, any other federal securities law or the 
securities laws of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and in accordance with all applicable local, state or federal laws. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder. 
In connection with any Regulation S Notes, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver such Regulation S Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein): (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until the expiration of the applicable 
Distribution Compliance Period other than in an offshore transaction to, or for the account or benefit of, Persons who are not 
U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will send to each distributor, dealer or other Person to whom it sells any Regulation S Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) during the applicable Distribution Compliance Period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Regulation S Notes other than in offshore transactions to, or for the account or benefit of, Persons who 
are not U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Until the expiration of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, an offer or sale of such Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) other than in an offshore transaction to a Person who is not a U.S. person by any distributor (whether or not 
participating in the offering) might violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Dealers might arrange for the resale of Registered Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A 
and each such purchaser of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying upon the 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. To permit compliance with 
Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Notes that are “restricted securities” within the meaning of 
Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, the Issuer has undertaken in the Deed Poll to furnish, upon the request of a holder of 
such Notes (or beneficial interests therein), to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by such holder, the 
information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the request, any of the 
Notes of the applicable Series remain outstanding as “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the 
Securities Act and the Issuer is neither a reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act nor exempt from 
reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder.

--- Page 267 ---
248 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation and, where applicable, Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that if the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as: 
1. “Applicable,” then it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available (and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available) any of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to any EEA Retail Investor in the EEA, and 
2. “Not Applicable,” then, in relation to each Member State, it (with respect to such Notes) has not made and 
will not make an offer of Notes to the public in that Member State, except that it may make an offer of Notes to the 
public in that Member State at any time: 
(a) to any legal entity that is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, 
(b) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer(s) nominated by the 
Issuer for any such offer, or 
(c) in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation; 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in clauses (a) to (c) shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of part 2, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes (which shall also 
include beneficial interests therein where applicable) in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any 
means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes (or beneficial interests therein). 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that if the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the 
“Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors” as: 
1. “Applicable,” then it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available (and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available) any of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to any UK Retail Investor in the UK, and 
2. “Not Applicable,” then it (with respect to such Notes) has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
to the public in the UK, except that it may make an offer of Notes to the public in the UK at any time: 
(a) to any legal entity that is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation, 
(b) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer(s) nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer, or 
(c) in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA; 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in clauses (a) to (c) shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 268 ---
249 
For the purposes of part 2, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes (which shall also 
include beneficial interests therein where applicable) means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes (or beneficial interests therein). 
Other United Kingdom Regulatory Restrictions. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) in relation to any Notes that have a maturity of less than one year: (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose 
ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) 
for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer, 
(b) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the 
FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the 
FSMA does not apply to the Issuer, and 
(c) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of sales to Belgian consumers” is specified as “Not Applicable” 
in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that an offering by such Dealer of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law, as amended (a “Belgian Consumer”), and that: (a) it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, 
and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to any Belgian Consumer and (b) it 
has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar 
documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
PRC 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered, sold or delivered or will offer, sell or deliver 
any of the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to any Person for reoffering or resale, or redelivery, in any such case, directly 
or indirectly, in the PRC (excluding Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan) in 
contravention of any applicable laws as part of the initial distribution of the Notes (or beneficial interests therein). 
Hong Kong 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
(or beneficial interests therein) except for Notes that are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”) other than: (i) to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and 
any rules made under the SFO or (ii) in other circumstances that do not result in the document being a “prospectus” 
as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the 
“C(WUMP)O”) or that do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O, and

--- Page 269 ---
250 
(b) it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document 
relating to the Notes that is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of 
Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein) that are or are intended to be disposed of only to Persons outside Hong Kong or only to 
“professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or caused the Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) or cause any Notes (or beneficial interest therein) to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein), whether directly or indirectly, to any Person in Singapore other than: (a) to an institutional investor (for the purposes 
of this section, as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (for the 
purposes of this section, as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA or to any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a 
relevant person that is: 
(a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of 
whom is an accredited investor, or 
(b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) the sole purpose of which is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of such trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the 
beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that 
corporation or that trust, as applicable, has acquired the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) to an institutional investor, to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA, 
(ii) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer, 
(iii) where the transfer is by operation of law, 
(iv) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA, or 
(v) as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore” that will state the product classification of the applicable 
Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the SFA; however, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, all Notes shall 
be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined 
in the MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on

--- Page 270 ---
251 
Recommendations on Investment Products). This notification or any such legend included in the relevant Final Terms will 
constitute notice to “relevant persons” for purposes of Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act 
No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes (or beneficial interests therein), 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 
of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and 
ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that, in Switzerland, this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or 
invest in any Notes (or beneficial interests therein). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes (and beneficial interests therein) 
have not been and will not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, by such Dealer in, into or from 
Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act, as amended (the “FinSA”) and no application has been or 
will be made to admit the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral 
trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA or has been or will be filed with or approved by a Swiss review body pursuant 
to Article 52 of the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offering of the Notes has 
been or will be filed by the Issuer or any Dealer with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority to admit such Notes to 
trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. 
Thailand 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that the Base Prospectus has not been approved by or filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any 
other regulatory authority of the Kingdom of Thailand. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes (and beneficial interests therein) 
may not be offered or sold, nor may this Base Prospectus or any other documents in relation to the offer of Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) distributed, directly or indirectly, to any person in Thailand except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with all applicable laws and guidelines promulgated by the Thai government and regulatory authorities in effect at 
the relevant time. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all laws in force related to securities in 
any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or possesses or distributes 
this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery 
by it of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) under the laws in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it 
makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility 
therefor.

--- Page 271 ---
252 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may at any time lawfully be 
sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such sale.

--- Page 272 ---
253 
ENFORCEMENT OF JUDGMENTS AND SERVICE OF PROCESS 
The Bank is a joint stock company organised under the Turkish Commercial Code (No. 6102). Substantially all of the 
assets of the Bank are located in Türkiye. Certain of the directors and officers of the Bank named herein reside inside Türkiye 
and all or a significant portion of the assets of such persons might be, and substantially all of the assets of the Bank are, located 
in Türkiye. As a result, it might not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon such persons or the Bank outside 
Türkiye or to enforce against them in the courts of jurisdictions other than Türkiye any judgments obtained in such courts that 
are predicated upon the laws of such other jurisdictions. In order to enforce such judgments in Türkiye, investors should initiate 
enforcement proceedings before the competent Turkish courts. In accordance with Articles 50 to 59 of Türkiye’s International 
Private and Procedure Law (Law No. 5718), the courts of Türkiye will not enforce any judgment obtained in a court established 
in a country other than Türkiye unless: 
(a) there is in effect a treaty between such country and Türkiye providing for reciprocal enforcement of court 
judgments, 
(b) there is de facto enforcement in such country of judgments rendered by Turkish courts, or 
(c) there is a provision in the laws of such country that provides for the enforcement of judgments of Turkish 
courts. 
There is no treaty between Türkiye and either the United States or the UK providing for reciprocal enforcement of 
judgments. There is no de facto reciprocity between Türkiye and the United States or the State of New York, except that the 
courts of New York have rendered at least one judgment in the past confirming de facto reciprocity between Türkiye and the 
State of New York. Turkish courts have also rendered at least one judgment confirming de facto reciprocity between Türkiye 
and the UK; however, since de facto reciprocity is decided by the relevant court on a case-by-case basis, there is uncertainty as 
to the enforceability of court judgments obtained in the United States or the UK by Turkish courts. Moreover, there is 
uncertainty as to the ability of an investor to bring an original action in Türkiye based upon the U.S. federal or any other non-
Turkish securities laws. 
In addition, the courts of Türkiye will not enforce any judgment obtained in a court established in a country other than 
Türkiye if: 
(a) the defendant was not duly summoned or represented or the defendant’s fundamental procedural rights 
were not observed, 
(b) the judgment in question was rendered with respect to a matter within the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
courts of Türkiye, 
(c) the judgment is incompatible with a judgment of a court in Türkiye between the same parties and relating 
to the same issues or, as the case may be, with an earlier foreign judgment on the same issue and enforceable in 
Türkiye, 
(d) the judgment is not of a civil nature, 
(e) the judgment is clearly against public policy rules of Türkiye, 
(f) the judgment is not final and binding with no further recourse for appeal or similar revision process under 
the laws of the country where the judgment has been rendered, or 
(g) the judgment was rendered by a foreign court that has deemed itself competent even though it has no 
actual relationship with the parties or the subject matter at hand. 
In accordance with Article 48 of Türkiye’s International Private and Procedure Law (Law No. 5718), in any lawsuit, 
debt collection proceeding or action against the Bank in the Turkish courts, a foreign plaintiff might be required to deposit 
security for court costs (cautio judicatum solvi); provided that the court may in its discretion waive such requirement for security

--- Page 273 ---
254 
in the event that the plaintiff is considered to be: (a) a national of one of the contracting states of the Convention Relating to 
Civil Procedures signed at The Hague on 1 March 1954 (ratified by Türkiye by Law No. 1574), except for legal entities 
incorporated under the laws of such contracting states, or (b) a national of a state that has signed a bilateral treaty with Türkiye 
that is duly ratified and contains (inter alia) a waiver of the cautio judicatum solvi requirement on a reciprocal basis. If Turkish 
nationals do not deposit such a security in the country of the foreign plaintiff, then the relevant Turkish court may waive such 
requirement for security relying upon the de facto reciprocity. If the foreign plaintiff deposits such security and the proceeding 
ends in favour of such plaintiff, then such security will be returned to such plaintiff. 
Furthermore, any claim against the Bank that is denominated in a currency other than Turkish Lira would, in the event 
of the bankruptcy of the Bank, only be payable in Turkish Lira. The relevant exchange rate for determining the Turkish Lira-
equivalent amount of any such claim would be the Central Bank’s exchange rate for the purchase of the relevant currency that 
is effective on the date the relevant court decides on bankruptcy of the Bank in accordance with the laws of Türkiye. 
In connection with any Proceedings in England, service of process may be made upon the Bank at any branch or other 
office of Qatar National Bank (Q.P.S.C.) in England (including, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, its London branch with 
a current address at 51 Grosvenor Street, London, W1K 3HH, United Kingdom). This does not affect any other method of 
service allowed by law.

--- Page 274 ---
255 
OTHER GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The most recent update of the Programme and the further issue of Notes thereunder have been duly authorised pursuant 
to the authority of the officers of the Bank under a resolution of its Board of Directors dated 5 April 2023. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 789000Q21SW842S9IJ58. 
Listing of Notes 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as a base prospectus. Application has been 
made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued within one year after the date hereof to be admitted to the Official List and to trading 
on the Regulated Market. The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. It is expected that each 
Tranche of Notes that is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market will be admitted separately 
as and when issued, subject only to the issue of one or more Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche; however, 
no assurance can be given that any such admission will occur. If a Tranche of Notes is to be listed by the Issuer on Euronext 
Dublin or any other stock exchange, then any information required by such exchange to be in the applicable Final Terms will 
be included therein. 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as Irish listing agent for the Bank in connection 
with the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on the Regulated Market. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, the following documents (or copies thereof) 
may be inspected at the registered office of the Issuer: 
(a) the articles of association (with a certified English translation thereof) of the Issuer, 
(b) the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein, 
(c) when published, copies of the latest audited annual and unaudited interim financial statements of the Bank 
(in English) delivered by the Bank pursuant to Condition 5.3 (for the purpose of clarification, such financial statements 
are not, and shall not be deemed to be, included in (or incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus except to 
the extent so incorporated by a supplement hereto), 
(d) the Agency Agreement (including the forms of the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll, the Global Notes 
and the Definitive Notes), 
(e) a copy of this Base Prospectus, and 
(f) when published, any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and 
Final Terms (except that a Final Terms relating to a Note that is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in 
the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances in which a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus 
and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
In addition, for the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the documents described 
in clauses (a) through (f) are (or, as applicable, are expected to be - or, to the extent required for listing purposes, will be)

--- Page 275 ---
256 
available in electronic format on the Issuer’s website (as of the date hereof, at: https://www.qnbfinansbank.com/en/investor-
relations); 
provided 
that: 
(a) 
the 
articles 
of 
association 
of 
the 
Issuer 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://www.qnbfinansbank.com/en/investor-relations/corporate-governance/articles-of-association and (b) with respect to 
such documents (or portions thereof) that are incorporated by reference herein, see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” 
above. Each Final Terms relating to Notes that are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market will also be available on the 
Issuer’s website. Such website does not, and shall not be deemed to, constitute a part of, nor is incorporated into, this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, which are the entities 
in charge of keeping the records. The appropriate Common Code and ISIN (if any) for each Tranche of Notes allocated by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In addition, the Issuer may make an 
application for any Registered Notes to be accepted for trading in book-entry form by DTC. To the extent applicable, the ISIN, 
Common Code, CUSIP, CINS, CFI Code and/or FISN for each Tranche of Notes will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system, then the appropriate information will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Scheduled payments on each Registered Note will be paid only to the Person in whose name such Registered Note 
was registered in the Register at the close of business on the applicable Record Date. With respect to Notes represented by a 
Global Note on a Record Date, this thus means that payment will be made by (on or behalf of) the Issuer to the applicable 
Clearing System (or its nominee) and, as a result, each holder of a beneficial interest in such Global Note should consider that 
such Clearing System might credit the account of its applicable direct participant(s) only after receipt of payment from the 
Issuer (including potentially applying such credits on a later day) and/or might use a different application process (such as a 
record date that differs from the Record Date), which payment such direct participants might themselves only credit to the 
account of their own customers as per their own timing and other procedures (and so on through any indirect participant(s) 
until the ultimate investor’s account is credited with funds). Payments by Clearing Systems to their direct participants and then 
by such direct participants (and indirect participants) to their own customers will be governed by standing instructions and 
customary practices and will be the responsibility of the Clearing Systems and such participants and not of the Issuer. For 
example, notwithstanding the Record Date established in the Conditions for any Series of Registered Notes, the Issuer has been 
advised by DTC that, through DTC’s accounting and payment procedures, DTC will, in accordance with its customary 
procedures, credit payments received by DTC on any payment date based upon DTC’s Direct Participants’ holdings of 
beneficial interests in the Notes on the close of business on the New York Business Day immediately preceding each such 
payment date (and Direct Participants and Indirect Participants are expected to credit such amounts to the accounts of DTC 
Beneficial Owners, which credits will be made pursuant to such Participants’ procedures). A “New York Business Day” for 
these purposes is a day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or any other day on which banking institutions in New York City, New 
York are authorised or required by law or executive order to close. 
As of the date hereof: (a) the address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium, (b) the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg and (c) the address of DTC is Depositary Trust Company, 55 Water Street, New York City, New York 10041, 
United States of America. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
For Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be issued to one or more Dealer(s), the price and amount of such Notes 
(or beneficial interests therein) will be determined by the Issuer and such Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. For Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be issued to one or more investor(s) purchasing such 
Notes (or beneficial interests therein) directly from the Issuer, the price and amount of such Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) will be determined by the Issuer and such investor(s). 
No Material Adverse Change or Significant Change 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer hereby confirms that, other than to the extent described in “Risk 
Factors - Risks Relating to Türkiye” and “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the Group and its Business,” there has been: (a) no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited BRSA Financial Statements,

--- Page 276 ---
257 
(b) no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the end of the last financial period for which BRSA 
Financial Statements have been published to the date of this Base Prospectus and (c) no significant change in the financial 
position of the Group since the end of the last financial period for which BRSA Financial Statements have been published. As 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, each of such date and period ends is 31 December 2022. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Neither the Bank nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings that are pending or threatened of which the Bank is aware) in the 12 months 
preceding the date of this Base Prospectus that might have or in such period had significant effects on the Bank’s and/or the 
Group’s financial position or profitability. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
Except with respect to the fees to be paid to the Arrangers and Dealers, as far as the Bank is aware, no natural or legal 
person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest, including a conflicting interest, that is material to the issue of the 
Notes. It should be noted that one of the Dealers (i.e., QNB Capital LLC) is a subsidiary of QNB and thus an affiliate of the 
Bank. 
Independent Auditors 
The BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 incorporated by reference 
herein were audited by EY in accordance with the Turkish Auditor Regulation and the Standards on Independent Auditing, 
which is a component of the Turkish Auditing Standards published by the POA, as stated in its report incorporated by reference 
herein. 
The BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022 incorporated by 
reference herein have been audited by PwC, each of which was audited by PwC in accordance with the Turkish Auditor 
Regulation and the Standards on Independent Auditing, which is a component of the Turkish Auditing Standards published by 
the POA, as stated in its reports incorporated by reference herein. 
PwC’s independent auditor reports included in the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein (other 
than the BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021) contain a qualification (see “Risk 
Factors – Risks Relating to the Group and its Business – Other Group-Related Risks – Audit Qualification” for further 
information). 
Each of PwC and EY is an independent auditor in Türkiye and is authorised by the BRSA to conduct independent 
audits of banks in Türkiye. PwC is located at BJK Plaza, Süleyman Seba Cad. No: 48, B Blok Kat: 9, Akaretler Beşiktaş, 
İstanbul, Türkiye. EY is located at Maslak Mahallesi Eski Büyükdere Cad. Orjin Plaza No:27 Kat: 2-3-4 Daire: 54-57-59, 
34485 Sarıyer, İstanbul, Türkiye. 
Material Contracts 
The Bank has not entered into any material contract outside the ordinary course of its business that could result in the 
Bank being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to its ability to meet its obligations to investors in respect of the 
Notes. 
Dealers and Arrangers Transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Arrangers, the Dealers and/or their respective affiliates have engaged, and might in the future engage, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and/or the Issuer’s 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective affiliates 
might make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities)

--- Page 277 ---
258 
and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments 
and securities activities might involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. The Arrangers, the Dealers 
and their respective affiliates that have a credit relationship with the Issuer might from time to time hedge their credit exposure 
to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, the Arrangers, the Dealers and their 
respective affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions that consist of either the purchase of credit default 
swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes. Any such short positions might adversely 
affect future trading prices of an investment in the Notes. The Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective affiliates might also 
make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and might hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities 
and instruments.

--- Page 278 ---
259 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
$  .......................................................................... xiii 
£  ........................................................................... xiv 
€  ........................................................................... xiv 
Accrual period ...................................................... 197 
Additional Amounts ............................................... 10 
Adjustment Spread ............................................... 202 
Affiliate ................................................................ 179 
Affiliate Transaction ............................................. 178 
Agency Agreement ............................................... 173 
Agents ................................................................... 174 
Akbank ..................................................................... 3 
AKP ........................................................................ 14 
ALCO ..................................................................... 74 
Alternative Rate .................................................... 202 
Amortised Face Amount ....................................... 219 
APM ........................................................................ xi 
applicable Final Terms ......................................... 173 
Approved Issuance Limit ....................................... iii 
Arranger .................................................................... 7 
ATM ......................................................................... 1 
Bank.................................................................. Cover 
Banking Law .......................................................... iii 
Banks Association of Türkiye ............................... xiv 
Base Prospectus ................................................ Cover 
Basel Committee .................................................... 85 
Basel II ................................................................... 96 
Bearer Global Note ............................................... 146 
Bearer Notes ..................................................... Cover 
Benchmark ............................................................ 205 
Benchmark Administrator ........................................ v 
Benchmark Amendments ..................................... 201 
Benchmark Event ................................................. 203 
Benchmark Replacement ...................................... 206 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment .................. 206 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes ... 206 
Benchmark Replacement Date ............................. 206 
Benchmarks Regulation ............................................ v 
Benefit Plan Investor ............................................ 236 
BIS ........................................................................ 119 
BIST TLREF Index .............................................. 193 
BKM ....................................................................... 65 
BRC ........................................................................ 85 
BRSA ....................................................................... ii 
BRSA Annual Financial Statements ....................... ix 
BRSA Approval ..................................................... iii 
BRSA Decisions on the Countercyclical Capital 
Buffer .................................................................. 25 
BRSA Financial Statements .................................... ix 
BRSA Principles ..................................................... ix 
BRSA SME Definition .............................................x 
Business Day ........................................................207 
CAGR .......................................................................3 
Capital Adequacy Regulation ................................25 
Capital Markets Law ........................................ Cover 
CCPC ......................................................................85 
Central Bank ......................................................... xiv 
Central Registry İstanbul ........................................ iv 
CET1 .........................................................................3 
CFETS ....................................................................49 
Cigna Health, Life and Pension ..............................61 
Classification of Loans and Provisions 
     Regulation .........................................................26 
Clearing Systems ....................................................50 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ......................................50 
CMB ................................................................. Cover 
CMB Approval ....................................................... iii 
CMP Regulations 2018 .........................................151 
CNH HIBOR ........................................................208 
Code ........................................................................ vi 
Commission’s Proposal ........................................234 
Common Depositary ...............................................50 
Common Safekeeper ...............................................50 
Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements ..127 
Competition Law ....................................................80 
Compounded Daily SONIA ..................................185 
Conditions ...............................................................39 
Corporate Definition ............................................... xi 
Corporate Governance Communiqué ..................106 
Corresponding Tenor ............................................207 
Couponholder .......................................................173 
Coupons ................................................................173 
Covered Bond .......................................................177 
CPI ..........................................................................24 
CPRC ......................................................................85 
Custodian ..............................................................231 
Day Count Fraction ..............................................197 
Dealer................................................................ Cover 
Debt Instruments Communiqué .............................. iii 
Decree 32 ................................................................ iii 
Deed of Covenant .................................................174 
Deed Poll ............................................................... vii 
Definitive Bearer Notes ........................................173 
Definitive Notes ....................................................173 
Definitive Registered Notes ..................................173 
Definitive Regulation S Registered Note .............147 
Denizbank .............................................................110

--- Page 279 ---
260 
Designated Account.............................................. 210 
Designated Bank ................................................... 210 
Determination Period............................................ 197 
Direct Participants ................................................ 228 
Direct Recourse Securities ................................... 177 
Distribution Compliance Period ........................... 242 
distributor ................................................................ iv 
D-SIBs .................................................................... 25 
D-SIBs Regulation.................................................. 25 
DTC .......................................................................... 8 
DTC Beneficial Owners ....................................... 228 
DTC Notes ............................................................ 228 
DTC Rules ............................................................ 228 
Early Redemption Amount ................................... 218 
EBRD ..................................................................... 74 
ECB ....................................................................... xiv 
EEA .................................................................. Cover 
EEA Retail Investor ............................................... vii 
Equity Regulation................................................... 25 
ERISA .................................................................... 11 
ESMA ....................................................................... v 
ESMA Guidelines .................................................... xi 
EU ..................................................................... Cover 
EU CRA Regulation ............................................... 54 
EURIBOR ............................................................ 208 
euro ........................................................................ xiv 
Euroclear ................................................................ 50 
Euronext Dublin ............................................... Cover 
EUWA ................................................................... vii 
Event of Default ................................................... 221 
EWMA ................................................................... 93 
Exchange Act ........................................................ vii 
Exchange Agent.................................................... 173 
Exchange Date ...................................................... 147 
Exchange Event .................................................... 148 
EY ............................................................................ ix 
FATCA ................................................................. 209 
FATCA Withholding Tax ..................................... 209 
FATF ...................................................................... 38 
FCIB ....................................................................... 82 
FIEA ..................................................................... 251 
Final Terms ....................................................... Cover 
Finans Pension ........................................................ 61 
first Person ............................................................ 180 
Fiscal Agent .......................................................... 173 
Fitch .................................................................. Cover 
Fixed Rate Notes ...................................................... 9 
Floating Rate Notes .................................................. 9 
Foreign Financial Institution ................................ 234 
Foreign Passthru Payments ................................... 234 
Framework Agreement ......................................... 142 
FSMA .................................................................... vii 
FTT .......................................................................234 
Garanti ......................................................................3 
GDP ........................................................................17 
Global Note.............................................................52 
Governmental Authority .......................................215 
Group .................................................................... xiv 
Halkbank .................................................................15 
Hemenal Finansman ...............................................62 
HIBOR ..................................................................208 
holder ....................................................................173 
Hong Kong .............................................................. ii 
IAD .........................................................................85 
IAI Definitive Note ...............................................148 
IAI Global Note ....................................................148 
IAI Investment Letter ............................................. vi 
IAI Notes ..............................................................148 
IAS 29 .......................................................................x 
IASB .....................................................................179 
IFC ..........................................................................61 
IFRS ..........................................................................x 
IGAs .....................................................................234 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money ......................222 
Independent Advisor .............................................203 
Indirect Participants ..............................................228 
Institutional Accredited Investors ........................... vi 
Insurance Distribution Directive ............................ vii 
Interest Accrual Period .........................................186 
Interest Amount ....................................................207 
Interest Commencement Date...............................207 
Interest Payment Date ...........................................181 
Interest Period .......................................................208 
Interest Rate ............................................................40 
Investor Put ...........................................................217 
Investors Currency ..................................................53 
İşbank........................................................................3 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment...................................207 
ISDA Fallback Rate ..............................................207 
ISIS .........................................................................15 
Issue Date ......................................................... Cover 
Issue Price .................................................................8 
Issuer ................................................................. Cover 
Issuer Call .............................................................217 
IT ............................................................................37 
KGF ..........................................................................4 
Legended Notes ..................................................... vii 
London Banking Day ............................................186 
London Business Day ...........................................196 
Long Maturity Note ..............................................209 
MAS ..................................................................... viii 
Material Subsidiary ...............................................179

--- Page 280 ---
261 
Member State ................................................... Cover 
MiFID II ........................................................... Cover 
Moody’s ............................................................ Cover 
NBG.......................................................................... 1 
New York Business Day ...................................... 256 
NGN ..................................................................... 146 
NIBOR .................................................................. 208 
Noteholder ............................................................ 173 
Notes ................................................................. Cover 
NPLs ..................................................................... xiii 
NSS ....................................................................... 148 
Observation Look-Back Period ............................ 186 
Observation Period ............................................... 186 
OCP ........................................................................ 90 
OECD ..................................................................... 37 
OFAC ..................................................................... 53 
Official List ...................................................... Cover 
Optional Redemption Date ................................... 217 
Original Reference Rate ....................................... 203 
ORMC .................................................................... 85 
Participants ........................................................... 228 
Participating Member States ................................. 234 
Paying Agents ....................................................... 173 
Payment Business Day ......................................... 211 
Payment Business Day Convention ...................... 212 
PBoC ...................................................................... 48 
Permanent Bearer Global Note ............................. 146 
Permitted Business ............................................... 180 
Person ................................................................... 180 
PKK ........................................................................ 16 
Plans ..................................................................... 236 
POA ......................................................................... ix 
POS ..................................................................... 1, 26 
PRC ......................................................................... ii 
PRC Government.................................................... 48 
PRIBOR ................................................................ 208 
PRIIPs Regulation ................................................. vii 
Private Sector Peers .................................................. 3 
Proceedings .......................................................... 226 
Programme ....................................................... Cover 
Programme Agreement ......................................... 237 
Programme Approvals ............................................ iii 
Prospectus Regulation ...................................... Cover 
PTCE .................................................................... 236 
Public Disclosure Platform ....................................... 1 
Put and Call Option Agreement ............................. 62 
Put Notice ............................................................. 218 
PwC ......................................................................... ix 
QIBs.................................................................. Cover 
QNB.......................................................................... 1 
QNB Group .............................................................. 1 
Qualifying Guarantee ...........................................222 
Rate Calculation Business Day .............................215 
Rate Calculation Date ...........................................215 
Rating Agencies ................................................ Cover 
RCAP ....................................................................119 
RCSA ......................................................................96 
Record Date ..........................................................210 
Redeemed Notes ...................................................217 
Reference Banks ...................................................208 
Reference Rate ......................................................208 
Reference Time .....................................................207 
Register .................................................................174 
Register of Administrators ........................................v 
Registered Global Note ........................................148 
Registered Notes ............................................... Cover 
Registrar................................................................173 
Regulated Market ............................................. Cover 
Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios ..............25 
Regulation on the Maintenance of Securities .........26 
Regulation S ..................................................... Cover 
Regulation S Notes ...............................................147 
Regulation S Registered Global Note ...................147 
Regulation S Registered Note ...............................147 
Relevant Date .......................................................220 
Relevant Governmental Body...............................207 
Relevant Indebtedness ..........................................178 
Relevant Jurisdiction ............................................220 
Relevant Nominating Body ..................................203 
Relevant Payment Date ........................................212 
Relevant Period .....................................................208 
Renminbi .............................................................. xiv 
Renminbi Notes ......................................................48 
RMB ..................................................................... xiv 
RMB Clearing Banks ..............................................49 
RMB Currency Event ...........................................215 
RMB Illiquidity ....................................................216 
RMB Inconvertibility ...........................................216 
RMB Non-Transferability ....................................216 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) ...................................215 
ROBOR ................................................................208 
Rule 144A ......................................................... Cover 
Rule 144A Global Note ........................................148 
Sanction Targets .....................................................53 
SDIF ....................................................................... iv 
SDNs .......................................................................53 
SEC .......................................................................... ii 
Securities Act ............................................................ i 
Security Interest ....................................................177 
Series ....................................................................174 
Settlement Agreements ...........................................49 
SFA ....................................................................... viii

--- Page 281 ---
262 
Share Purchase Agreement ....................................... 1 
SIBOR .................................................................. 208 
Similar Law .......................................................... 236 
SME .......................................................................... x 
SONIA .................................................................... 45 
SONIA Reference Rate ........................................ 186 
Specified Currency ................................................... 8 
Specified Denomination ......................................... 52 
Specified Time ..................................................... 208 
Spot Rate .............................................................. 216 
Squeeze-Out and Sell-Out Communiqué ................. 1 
Stabilisation Manager ........................................... viii 
Sterling .................................................................. xiv 
Subsidiary ............................................................. 180 
sub-unit ................................................................. 208 
Successor Rate ...................................................... 204 
T2 System ............................................................. 207 
Talons ................................................................... 173 
TAS 29 ..................................................................... x 
Taxes ...................................................................... 10 
TEFRA C ................................................................ 12 
TEFRA D ............................................................... 12 
Temporary Bearer Global Note ............................ 146 
TFRS ........................................................................ x 
TFRS 15 .................................................................. ix 
TFRS 16 .................................................................. ix 
TFRS 9 .................................................................... ix 
Tier 2 Conditions .................................................. 122 
TL ......................................................................... xiii 
TLREF ....................................................................47 
Tranche .................................................................173 
Transfer Agent ......................................................173 
TRLIBOR ...............................................................47 
Turkish Auditor Regulation .................................... ix 
Turkish Lira .......................................................... xiii 
Turkish Purchase Requirements ............................. iv 
Turkish Treasury ................................................... xiv 
Türkiye.............................................................. Cover 
TurkStat ................................................................ xiv 
U.S. ................................................................... Cover 
U.S. dollars ........................................................... xiii 
U.S. person ....................................................... Cover 
UK .................................................................... Cover 
UK CRA Regulation ...............................................54 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ................... iv 
UK PRIIPS Regulation ......................................... viii 
UK Prospectus Regulation ..................................... vii 
UK Retail Investor ................................................. vii 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement ...................207 
United States ..................................................... Cover 
US$ ....................................................................... xiii 
USD LIBOR ...........................................................43 
Vakıfbank ...............................................................35 
VaR .........................................................................92 
WIBOR .................................................................208 
Yapı Kredi Bank .......................................................3 
Zero Coupon Notes ...................................................9 
Ziraat .......................................................................35

--- Page 282 ---
APPENDIX A 
263 
OVERVIEW OF DIFFERENCES BETWEEN IFRS AND THE BRSA PRINCIPLES 
The BRSA Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with the BRSA Principles. The BRSA Principles, 
statements, communiqués and guidance differ from IFRS in some instances that might be material to the financial information 
herein. Such differences primarily relate to the format of presentation of financial statements, disclosure requirements (e.g., 
IFRS 7) and accounting policies. BRSA format and disclosure requirements are prescribed by relevant regulations and do not 
always conform to IFRS or IAS 34 standards. The following paragraphs contain a narrative description of differences between 
IFRS and the BRSA Principles as adopted by the Issuer in preparing its annual financial statements. 
Similar differences with IFRS also exist in the accounting policies and disclosure requirements applied to consolidated 
subsidiaries, especially those providing life and non-life insurance services, which are subject to policies/requirements of the 
Turkish Treasury, and factoring and leasing services, which are subject to specific BRSA policies/requirements. 
Hyper-inflationary Accounting 
Pursuant to TAS 29 and IAS 29, the financial statements of entities whose functional currency is that of a 
hyperinflationary economy must be adjusted for the effects of changes in a general price index. Neither TAS 29 nor IAS 29 
establishes an absolute rate when hyperinflation is deemed to arise, but rather each provides a series of non-exclusive guidelines 
as to when restatement of financial statements becomes necessary. These guidelines include, among other considerations, a 
quantitative characteristic verifying if the three-year cumulative inflation rate approaches or exceeds 100%. In March 2022, 
the International Practices Task Force of the Centre for Audit Quality, which monitors countries experiencing high inflation, 
categorised Türkiye as a country with a three-year cumulative inflation rate greater than 100% as of 28 February 2022. 
Accordingly, Turkish companies reporting under IFRS should apply IAS 29 to their financial statements for periods ending on 
and after 30 June 2022. 
With respect to TFRS, on 20 January 2022, the POA stated that businesses applying TFRS do not need to make any 
adjustments in their financial statements for 2021 within the scope of TAS 29. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there has 
been no further announcement by the POA regarding this issue and, as a result, inflation adjustments for such periods have not 
been applied on the BRSA Financial Statements. As a result, the BRSA Financial Statements that do not apply hyperinflationary 
accounting might differ materially from those applying hyperinflationary accounting in accordance with IAS 29. 
Presentation of Financial Statements 
There are differences in presentation of financial statements other than measurement differences described above. 
These differences can be briefly explained by mandatory financial statement line items in accordance with IAS 1, disclosure 
requirements of IFRS 7 or, where applicable, the disclosure requirements of other standards. BRSA Financial Statements 
(including the related notes) are presented under a special format determined by the BRSA. Similarly, balance sheet, statement 
of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and statement of cash flows are presented using this specified format. 
The BRSA also requires a statement for off balance sheet items. These presentation differences might vary based upon the 
sector that the related consolidated subsidiary operates in, especially those providing life and non-life insurance services, which 
are subject to the Turkish Treasury policies/requirements, and factoring and leasing services, which are subject to specific 
BRSA policies/requirements. 
Basis for Consolidation 
Consolidation principles under the BRSA Principles and IFRS are based upon the concept of the power to control in 
determining whether a parent/subsidiary relationship exists and that consolidation is appropriate. Control is typically exhibited 
where an entity has the majority of the voting rights. 
Only financial sector subsidiaries are consolidated under the BRSA Principles, whereas other associates are carried at 
cost. The BRSA Principles provides an exemption for consolidation based upon certain materiality criteria, whereas this is not 
applicable in the case of IFRS. Under IFRS, all subsidiaries are consolidated.

--- Page 283 ---
APPENDIX A 
264 
Modified Financial Assets 
Following the implementation of IFRS 9 as of 1 January 2018, the BRSA Principles regarding classification and 
measurement as well as expected credit loss principles applicable to financial instruments’ portfolios were aligned with IFRS; 
however, the BRSA made some amendments to the application of the relevant BRSA Principles through communiqués and 
other laws, which amendments resulted in some differences in terms of staging and expected credit loss calculations between 
the BRSA Principles and the application of IFRS. 
In accordance with IFRS 9, at each reporting date, an entity shall measure the loss allowance for a financial instrument 
at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses if the credit risk on that financial instrument has increased significantly 
since initial recognition. If the contractual cash flows on a financial asset have been renegotiated or modified and the financial 
asset was not derecognised, then an entity shall assess whether there has been a significant increase in the credit risk of the 
financial instrument by comparing: 
(a) the risk of a default occurring at the reporting date (based upon the modified contractual terms), and 
(b) the risk of a default occurring at initial recognition (based upon the original, unmodified contractual 
terms). 
In accordance with the BRSA Principles, an entity can measure the loss allowance for the financial instrument of 
which contractual cash flows have been renegotiated or modified at an amount equal to 12-month expected credit losses without 
assessing whether there has been a significant increase in the credit risk of the financial instrument.

--- Page 284 ---
THE ISSUER 
QNB Finansbank A.Ş 
Esentepe Mahallesi, Büyükdere Cad.
Kristal Kule Binası No:215, Şişli
İstanbul
Türkiye 
FISCAL AGENT, EXCHANGE AGENT AND 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT 
AND PAYING AGENT 
 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street
Vertigo Building – Polaris
London EC4V 4LA
2-4 rue Eugene Ruppert
United Kingdom 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
UNITED STATES PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
240 Greenwich Street
New York, New York
United States of America
LEGAL COUNSEL TO THE ISSUER 
AS TO ENGLISH AND UNITED STATES LAW
LEGAL COUNSEL TO THE 
ISSUER AS TO TURKISH LAW
Mayer Brown International LLP 
Mayer Brown LLP
Özmen Yalçın Avukatlık Ortaklığı 
201 Bishopsgate
71 South Wacker Drive
Büyükdere Caddesi, No: 191
London EC2M 3AF
Chicago, Illinois 60606
Apa Giz Plaza, Kat: 9
United Kingdom
United States of America
Levent, İstanbul, 34330
Türkiye
 
 
 
LEGAL COUNSEL TO THE DEALERS AS TO 
ENGLISH AND UNITED STATES LAW 
LEGAL COUNSEL TO THE DEALERS AS TO 
TURKISH LAW AND TURKISH TAX COUNSEL 
Herbert Smith Freehills LLP 
Paksoy Ortak Avukat Bürosu 
Exchange House
Orjin Maslak
Primrose Street
Eski Büyükdere Cad. No:27 K:11
London EC2A 2EG
Maslak, 34485 İstanbul
United Kingdom
Türkiye
LISTING AGENT 
 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace
Dublin 2
Ireland

--- Page 285 ---
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE BANK 
FOR 2020 
FROM 2021 
Güney Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali 
Müşavirlik Anonim Şirketi 
PwC Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali 
Müşavirlik A.Ş. 
Maslak Mahallesi Eski Büyükdere Cad. Orjin Plaza
BJK Plaza Süleyman Seba Cad. No:48 B Blok Kat:9
No:27 Kat: 2-3-4
Akaretler, Beşiktaş, 34357 İstanbul
Daire: 54-57-59 34485
Türkiye
Sarıyer, İstanbul
Türkiye
ARRANGER
 
Standard Chartered Bank 
1 Basinghall Avenue
London EC2V 5DD
United Kingdom
DEALERS 
Arab Banking Corporation (B.S.C.) 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
ABC Tower, Diplomatic Area
Citigroup Centre
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz)
P.O. Box 5698, Manama
Canada Square, Canary Wharf
60311 Frankfurt am Main
Kingdom of Bahrain
London E14 5LB
Federal Republic of Germany
 
United Kingdom 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
HSBC Bank plc 
ING Bank N.V., London Branch 
Winchester House
8 Canada Square
8-10 Moorgate
1 Great Winchester Street
London E14 5HQ
London EC2R 6DA
London EC2N 2DB
United Kingdom
United Kingdom
United Kingdom 
 
 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
Mizuho International plc 
Morgan Stanley & Co.
25 Bank Street
30 Old Bailey
International plc
Canary Wharf
London EC4M 7AU
25 Cabot Square
London E14 5JP
United Kingdom
Canary Wharf
 
 
London E14 4QA 
QNB Capital LLC
Société Générale
Standard Chartered Bank 
Level 3
29, boulevard Hausmann
1 Basinghall Avenue
QNB Msheireb Downtown 
75009 Paris
London EC2V 5DD
PO Box 1000 Doha
France
United Kingdom
Qatar