--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Queensland Treasury Corporation 
(A corporation constituted under the laws of the State of Queensland) 
U.S.$10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Facility 
guaranteed by 
The Treasurer of the State of Queensland on behalf of 
The Government of Queensland 
 
Arranger 
UBS Investment Bank 
Dealers 
Australia and New Zealand Banking Group 
Limited 
ABN 11 005 357 522 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Commonwealth Bank of Australia 
ABN 48 123 123 124 
Deutsche Bank 
J.P. Morgan 
National Australia Bank Limited 
ABN 12 004 044 937 
Nomura 
RBC Capital Markets 
TD Securities 
UBS Investment Bank 
Westpac Banking Corporation 
ABN 33 007 457 141 
 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 1 February 2022

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  When used in this Base Prospectus, "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
Queensland Treasury Corporation (the "Issuer" or the "Corporation" or "QTC") and the Government 
of Queensland (the "Guarantor" and, together the "Responsible Persons") accept responsibility for 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge and belief of the 
Responsible Persons (each having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Any notes issued under this U.S.$10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Facility (the "Notes" and 
the "Facility" respectively) on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the 
provisions described herein. This does not affect any Notes issued prior to the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base 
Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are so incorporated and 
form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF"). 
Subject as set out herein, this Base Prospectus and any supplement hereto will only be valid for 
issuing Notes of up to U.S.$10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in the other currencies provided for 
herein) outstanding at any one time, calculated by reference to the Exchange Rate prevailing at the 
Agreement Date (each as defined in the penultimate paragraph of "Form of the Notes") and otherwise 
on the basis specified in "Form of the Notes". The Notes will be issued on a continuing basis to one or 
more of the Dealers. Notes may be issued to persons other than Dealers. Dealers and such other 
persons are together referred to as "Dealers". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the CSSF, as competent authority 
under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantor or 
of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. 
The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. Application has been 
made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Facility to be admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from 
its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area (the "EEA"). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this 
Base Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that 
such Notes have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and 
have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  The Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU) (as amended or superseded, the "MifID II"). 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the 
issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined 
under "Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the "Final 
Terms") which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be filed 
with the CSSF.  Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
The Facility provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such 
other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer (as defined below).  The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to 
trading on any market. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has been rated AA+ by Standard & Poor's (Australia) Pty. Ltd. 
("S&P"), Aa1 by Moody's Investors Service Pty Limited ("Moody's") and AA+ by Fitch Australia Pty. 
Ltd. ("Fitch").  S&P, Moody's and Fitch are established outside the European Economic Area 
("EEA") and the United Kingdom (the “UK”) and have not applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
“EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation”).  Ratings by S&P are endorsed by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, ratings by Moody's are endorsed by Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH and Moody's Investors Service Ltd., and ratings by Fitch are endorsed by Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited and Fitch Ratings Limited, each of which is a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation, respectively, each in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
or the UK CRA Regulation, as applicable, and have not been withdrawn.  A list of EU registered 
credit rating agencies is available on the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
website at www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk (list last updated on 7 May 
2021).  
Notes issued under the Facility may be rated or unrated by any one or more of the rating agencies 
referred to above.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated at the request of the Issuer, such rating will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to 
the Issuer or the Guarantor by the relevant rating agency.  A security rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. Credit ratings are for distribution only to a person (a) who is not a 
"retail client" within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (the 
“Corporations Act”) and is also a sophisticated investor, professional investor or other investor in 
respect of whom disclosure is not required under Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Corporations Act, and (b) 
who is otherwise permitted to receive credit ratings in accordance with applicable law in any 
jurisdiction in which the person may be located. This Base Prospectus may not be distributed to 
anyone who is not such a person and any person who receives this Base Prospectus is advised that 
they must not distribute it to any person who is not entitled to receive it. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of EURIBOR, SONIA 
or SOFR as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, (i) the 
administrator of EURIBOR (European Money Markets Institute) is included in ESMA's register of 
administrators under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation")and the register (the “UK Benchmarks Register”) of administrators and benchmarks

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
established and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) pursuant to Article 36 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
Benchmarks Regulation" and, together with the EU Benchmarks Regulation the "Benchmarks 
Regulations"); and (ii) the administrators of SONIA and SOFR are not included in ESMA's register of 
administrators under the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Register. As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions under Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulations apply such 
that the administrator of SONIA, the Bank of England, and the administrator of SOFR, the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (the "FRBNY") are each not required to obtain authorisation or 
registration. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Facility involves certain risks. For a discussion of these 
risks see "Risk Factors". 
The Dealers specified on page 9 (the "Dealers", which expression shall include any additional 
Dealers appointed under the Facility from time to time) have not separately verified the information 
contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is 
made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness 
of the information contained in this Base Prospectus, or any further information supplied in 
connection with the Notes. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements or further 
information supplied in connection with the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by either the Issuer or any of the 
Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements nor any further information supplied 
in connection with the Notes shall be considered as a recommendation by either the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any financial 
statements or any further information supplied in connection with the Notes should purchase any of 
the Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing Notes should make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of 
the Issuer and/or the Guarantor. None of this Base Prospectus, any other financial statements or any 
further information supplied in connection with the Notes constitute an offer or invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers or any of them to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any of 
the Notes. 
The delivery of this Base Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained herein 
concerning the Issuer and/or the Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or 
that any other financial statements or any further information supplied in connection with the Notes is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The 
Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial or other condition or affairs of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor during the life of the Facility. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recent 
financial statements of the Issuer when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes issued under 
the Facility. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of the Notes may be restricted by law in 
certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes come must 
inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. In particular, there are restrictions on 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of the Notes in the United States of 
America, the EEA, the UK, Australia, Japan, Canada, Hong Kong (as defined below), New Zealand, 
Singapore and the People’s Republic of China (see below and "Subscription and Sale").

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any Notes with a denomination of less than 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) will (i) only be admitted to trading on an EEA 
regulated market as defined in MiFID II, or a specific segment of an EEA regulated market, to which 
only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access (in which case they 
shall not be offered or sold to non-qualified investors) or (ii) only be offered to the public in a 
Member State of the EEA pursuant to an exemption under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation.  
Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer of Notes in that Member State may 
only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor 
any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances 
in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for 
such offer. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other 
professional advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of an investment in 
the Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or in any applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have 
on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor's currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant financial markets; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (1) the Notes are legal investments for it, (2) the Notes can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowings and (3) any other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine 
the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MIFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the Product Governance Rules.  
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MIFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE) 
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as 
amended or modified, the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, all Notes shall be ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
U.S. INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus is being submitted on a confidential basis in the United States to a limited 
number of QIBs (as defined in "Form of the Notes") for informational use solely in connection with 
the consideration of the purchase of the Notes being offered hereby.  Its use for any other purpose in 
the United States is not authorised.  It may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it 
be distributed or any of its contents disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to whom 
it is originally submitted. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Notes in registered form may be offered or sold within the United States only to QIBs in transactions 
exempt from registration under the Securities Act.  Each U.S. purchaser of Notes in registered form is 
hereby notified that the offer and sale of any Notes in registered form to it may be being made in 
reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 
144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A").

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
Each purchaser or holder of Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Note (as defined in "Form of 
the Notes") or any Notes issued in registered form in exchange or substitution therefor (together 
"Legended Notes") will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such Legended Notes, to 
have made certain representations and agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer of 
such Notes as set out in "Subscription and Sale" and "Transfer Restrictions".  Unless otherwise 
stated, terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in "Form of the Notes". 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, 
nor have the foregoing authorities approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or 
determined the adequacy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus.  Any representation to 
the contrary is unlawful.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES 
The Issuer is a corporation constituted under the laws of the State of Queensland, Australia.  All of 
the officers and directors named herein reside outside the United States and all or a substantial 
portion of the assets of the Issuer and of such officers and directors are located outside the United 
States.  As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process outside Australia 
upon the Issuer or such persons, or to enforce judgments against them obtained in courts outside 
Australia predicated upon civil liabilities of the Issuer or such directors and officers under laws other 
than Australian law, including any judgment predicated upon United States federal securities laws. 
Similar considerations also apply in the case of the Guarantor.   
OTHER INFORMATION 
All references to "U.S.$" and "U.S. dollars" are to United States dollars, references to "euro" and "€" 
refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended, references to 
"Yen" and "¥" are to Japanese yen, references to "sterling" and "£" are to pounds sterling, references 
to "$", "A$", "Australian $" and "dollars" are to Australian dollars and reference to Renminbi, RMB 
and CNY are to the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China (the "PRC") which, for the 
purposes of this Base Prospectus, excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC 
("Hong Kong"), the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan. As used herein, 
the term "United States" or "U.S." means the United States of America (including the States and the 
District of Columbia), its territories, its possessions (including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico) 
and other areas subject to its jurisdiction, and the term "United States person" means a citizen or 
resident of the United States, a corporation, partnership or other entity created or organised in or 
under the laws of the United States or any political subdivision thereof or an estate or trust the 
income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source. In this 
Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is 
a 
reference 
to 
that 
law 
or 
provision 
as 
extended, 
amended 
or 
re-enacted.

--- Page 9 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
Overview of the Facility ....................................................................................................................... 10 
Risk Factors .......................................................................................................................................... 16 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ................................................................................................. 34 
Form of the Notes ................................................................................................................................. 37 
Applicable Final Terms ......................................................................................................................... 41 
Conditions of the Notes ........................................................................................................................ 57 
Use of Proceeds................................................................................................................................... 108 
Book-Entry Clearance Systems .......................................................................................................... 109 
Transfer Restrictions ........................................................................................................................... 113 
Queensland Treasury Corporation ...................................................................................................... 116 
Queensland .......................................................................................................................................... 120 
Queensland Economy ......................................................................................................................... 122 
Principal Sectors of the Queensland Economy ................................................................................... 136 
Financial Relationship with the Commonwealth of Australia ............................................................ 142 
Queensland Government Finances ...................................................................................................... 145 
Public Debt.......................................................................................................................................... 152 
Subscription and Sale .......................................................................................................................... 158 
Taxation .............................................................................................................................................. 165 
General Information ............................................................................................................................ 171 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as 
the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions (in each case outside 
Australia and not on any market in Australia) with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate 
public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if 
begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE FACILITY 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may 
agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, 
in which event, in the case of listed Notes only and, if appropriate, a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus or a new base prospectus will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Facility for the purposes of the Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the "Delegated Regulation").  
Words and expressions defined in "Conditions of the Notes" below shall have the same meaning in 
this Overview: 
 
Issuer: 
Queensland Treasury Corporation. 
Issuer 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
("LEI"): 
98INKCEEHOU5YJS0HQ88 
Guarantor: 
The Treasurer on behalf of The Government of Queensland. 
Guarantor LEI: 
54930083BECHPLBYEW59 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the Facility. 
These are set out under "Risk Factors" below and include the 
impact a downturn in the Queensland economy may have on 
the Issuer, the risks related to the inability of the Issuer to 
access suitable funding markets when required, the exposure of 
the Issuer to counterparties in the financial services industry 
and/or the possibility that the Issuer suffers a loss. There are 
also certain factors that may affect the Guarantor's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee. These are also set out 
under "Risk Factors" below and include the impact a downturn 
in the Queensland economy, market volatility and recent market 
developments may have on the Guarantor. In addition, there are 
certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing 
the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Facility, 
these are set out under "Risk Factors" below and include, inter 
alia, market risks related to the Notes, including liquidity risk, 
exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and credit risk. 
Arranger: 
UBS AG London Branch. 
Dealers: 
Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited ABN 11 
005 357 522 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
Merrill Lynch International

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
National Australia Bank Limited ABN 12 004 044 937 
Nomura International plc 
RBC Europe Limited 
The Toronto-Dominion Bank 
UBS AG London Branch 
Westpac Banking Corporation ABN 33 007 457 141. 
 
Under the Distribution Agreement other institutions may be 
appointed as Dealers either in relation to the Facility as a whole 
or in relation to specific issues thereunder. Issues of Notes 
denominated in sterling are subject to certain restrictions, see 
"General Information". 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see "Subscription and Sale" and "Transfer Restrictions"), 
including the following restrictions applicable at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes with a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits 
for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") unless they are issued to a 
limited class of professional investors and have a denomination 
of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see "Subscription and 
Sale". 
Agent, 
Transfer 
Agent 
and 
Exchange Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. 
Amount: 
Up to U.S.$10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies at the time of agreement to issue) outstanding at any 
one time. Under the Distribution Agreement the nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding under the Facility may be 
increased, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions set out 
therein. 
Description: 
Continuously offered Euro Medium Term Notes. 
Distribution: 
Notes will be distributed on a private or syndicated placement 
basis. 
Currencies: 
U.S. dollars, euro, Yen, sterling, Australian dollars, Canadian 
dollars, New Zealand dollars, Hong Kong dollars, Norwegian 
kroner, Renminbi, Swedish kronor, Swiss francs and Danish 
kroner or such other currency or currencies as may be agreed 
with the relevant Dealer subject to any applicable legal or 
regulatory restrictions.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Maturities: 
Any maturity subject to such minimum or maximum maturity 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body, however called) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the relevant currency or the Issuer. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at par or at a discount to, or premium over, 
par. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on a specified date or 
dates in each year (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
and on redemption, and will be calculated on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on 
the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed 
by an agreement incorporating either the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc.) ("ISDA") or the latest version of 
the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (as 
published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Floating Rate Notes of the relevant Series), or on the basis 
of a reference rate appearing on an agreed screen page of a 
commercial quotation service, in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their principal amount and will not bear interest other than in 
relation to interest due after the Maturity Date. 
Low Interest (discount) Notes: 
Low Interest (discount) Notes will be offered and sold at a 
discount to their principal amount and will bear interest at a rate 
lower than would otherwise be payable if they were issued at or 
about par. 
High Interest (premium) Notes: 
High Interest (premium) Notes will be offered and sold at a 
premium to their principal amount and will bear interest at a 
rate higher than would otherwise be payable if they were issued 
at or about par.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes, if the Issuer determines that 
a Benchmark Event has occurred, the relevant benchmark or 
screen rate may be replaced by a Successor Rate or, if there is 
no Successor Rate but the Issuer determines there is an 
Alternative Rate (acting in good faith, in a commercially 
reasonable manner and by reference to such sources as it deems 
appropriate, which may include consultation with an 
Independent Adviser), such Alternative Rate. An Adjustment 
Spread may also be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be), together with any 
Benchmark Amendments (which in the case of any Alternative 
Rate, any Adjustment Spread (unless formally recommended or 
provided for) and any Benchmark Amendments shall be 
determined by the Issuer, acting in good faith, in a 
commercially reasonable manner and by reference to such 
sources as it deems appropriate, which may include 
consultation with an Independent Adviser). For further 
information, see Condition 4.4. 
Redemption: 
The Final Terms applicable to each issue of Notes will indicate 
either that the Notes of that issue cannot be redeemed prior to 
their stated maturity, except for taxation reasons or following 
an Event of Default, or that such Notes will be redeemable at 
the option of the Issuer and/or at the option of the holder(s) of 
such Notes upon giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
irrevocable notice to the relevant Noteholders or the Issuer, as 
the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may 
be indicated in the applicable Final Terms. The Notes will only 
be redeemed at an amount other than 100 per cent. of their 
nominal amount in the case of certain Zero Coupon Notes. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
Restrictions — Notes with a maturity of less than one year " 
above. 
Form of the Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in either bearer or registered form as 
set out in the applicable Final Terms.  Registered Notes will not 
be exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Denominations of definitive Notes: 
Such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer and as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms save that the minimum denomination of each Note will 
be such minimum denomination as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body, however called) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the relevant currency or the Issuer, see "Certain Restrictions — 
Notes with a maturity of less than one year" above and save that 
the minimum denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, 
if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent in such other currency), unless the Notes will (i) 
only be admitted to trading on an EEA regulated market (as

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
defined in MiFID II), or a specific segment of the EEA 
regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access (in which case 
they shall not be offered or sold to non-qualified investors), or 
(ii) only be offered to the public in an EEA Member State 
pursuant to an exemption under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed 
within Australia, subject as provided in Condition 7. In the 
event that any such deduction is made, the Issuer or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 7, be required to pay 
additional amounts to cover the amounts deducted. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and, save for certain securities referred 
to in Condition 3, will rank pari passu with all other direct and 
general unsecured obligations (other than subordinated 
obligations, if any) of the Issuer for borrowed money. 
Guarantee: 
The Guarantor will guarantee the payment when due of all 
amounts that are or may become payable by the Issuer on or in 
respect of the Notes. The Guarantee will be a direct and 
unconditional obligation of the Guarantor. All moneys payable 
by the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be a charge upon, 
and will be paid out of, the Consolidated Fund of the State of 
Queensland which will be to the extent necessary appropriated 
accordingly, and the Guarantee will rank pari passu with all of 
the Guarantor's other unsecured obligations. 
Cross default: 
The Notes will contain a cross default in relation to the due 
payment of principal in respect of any indebtedness for 
borrowed money or under any guarantee in respect of any 
indebtedness for borrowed money in each case in excess of 
U.S.$10,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or 
currencies).  
Rating: 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has been rated AA+ by 
S&P, Aa1 by Moody's and AA+ by Fitch.  
 
Notes issued under the Facility may be rated or unrated by any 
one or more of the rating agencies referred to above.  Where a 
Tranche of Notes is rated at the request of the Issuer, such 
rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms and will 
not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer 
or the Guarantor by the relevant rating agency. A security rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency.  
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this 
document as a base prospectus. Application has also been made

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Facility to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Notes may also 
be listed on such other or further stock exchange(s) as may be 
agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to each 
Series. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes 
not admitted to trading on any market. 
Governing law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA, the UK, Japan, Australia, 
Canada, Hong Kong, New Zealand, Singapore and the PRC and 
such other restrictions as may be required in connection with 
the offering and sale of a particular Series of Notes, see 
"Subscription and Sale" and "Transfer Restrictions".

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the following factors may affect the Issuer's and 
the Guarantor's ability to fulfil their respective obligations in respect of the Notes issued under the 
Facility. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and neither the Issuer 
nor the Guarantor is in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency 
occurring. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Facility are also described below. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the factors described below represent the principal 
risks inherent in investing in the Notes issued under the Facility, but the inability of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur 
for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer or the Guarantor based 
on information currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference and reach their own views prior to making 
any investment decision. 
Factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Facility  
A downturn in the Queensland economy could have an impact on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Facility  
The Issuer derives the majority of its income from interest income derived from its on-lendings to 
Queensland state governmental bodies. The ability of these bodies to make principal and interest 
payments may be impacted by any materially adverse changes in the Queensland economy. If these 
bodies were unable to fulfil their obligations to make payments of principal and interest on on-lent 
funds, this may have an adverse impact on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes 
issued under the Facility. 
The Issuer may be unable to access suitable funding markets when required or it may suffer a 
significant loss of capital 
The Issuer may be unable to access suitable funding markets when required 
The most likely impact of this risk would be that the Issuer may have a delay in accessing appropriate 
funding markets. In the worst case, the Issuer may be unable to refinance significant loans or Notes 
becoming due. 
The Issuer may suffer a significant loss of capital 
The most likely impact of this risk would be that the Issuer may suffer a loss as a result of market 
changes adversely affecting any positions that it may have taken. 
Soundness of Financial Institutions 
QTC's exposure to counterparties in the financial services industry is relatively significant. This 
exposure mainly arises through its funding in the capital market and investment activities. These 
counterparties mainly include commercial banks and investment banks. Many of these relationships 
expose QTC to credit risk in the event of default of a counterparty. In addition, QTC's credit risk may

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
be exacerbated when the collateral it holds is not sufficient, cannot be realised upon or is liquidated at 
prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure it is due. Many of 
the hedging and other risk management strategies utilised by QTC also involve transactions with 
financial services counterparties. The weakness or insolvency of these counterparties may impair the 
effectiveness of the QTC hedging and other risk management strategies. 
Factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Facility and/or the Guarantor's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee 
Disruption of technology systems or breaches of data security may adversely impact the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor's operations, reputation and financial position 
Many of the day-to-day operations of the Issuer and Guarantor are computer-based, and therefore the 
reliability and security of the Issuer and Guarantor's information technology systems and 
infrastructure are essential. Technology risk may arise from events including a failure of these 
systems to operate effectively, an inability to restore or recover such systems in acceptable 
timeframes, a breach of data security, or other form of cyber-attack. These events may be wholly or 
partially beyond the control of the Issuer and the Guarantor. Such events may result in disruption to 
operations, reputation damage, litigation, loss or theft of data, or regulatory investigations and 
penalties. This may adversely impact the Issuer and the Guarantor's financial performance and 
position. 
Climate-related events could adversely affect the Issuer and the Guarantor 
Climate change may present risks arising from extreme weather events, such as, but not limited to, 
severe storms, cyclones, floods, rising sea levels, drought and fires. In recent years, extreme La Niña 
weather patterns and tropical cyclones have caused flooding and significant infrastructure and 
property damage over large parts of the State of Queensland, and persistent drought conditions have 
effected crop production and livestock, as well as increased the intensity and frequency of bushfires. 
The economic and financial implications of such events may adversely impact the Issuer’s and 
Guarantor’s financial performance and position and ultimately have an adverse impact on the Issuer's 
ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes and/or the ability of the Guarantor to fulfil its obligations 
under the Guarantee.    
Factors that may affect the Guarantor's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee 
To understand the ways in which the Guarantor endeavours to protect against certain of the risks 
summarised below, see the discussion below under "Queensland Economy". 
A downturn in the economy of Queensland or Australia could have an impact on the Guarantor's 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee 
The Guarantor guarantees the payment of principal and interest when due on the Notes. The 
Guarantor relies to a large extent on personal and corporate income taxes and goods and services 
taxes and grants from the Commonwealth of Australia to meet its funding obligations. The 
Guarantor's main sources of revenue are transfers from the Commonwealth (Goods and Services 
Taxation revenue) and State taxation revenue. As most of these revenues are economy based, a 
material adverse change in the Queensland economy could result in decreased tax revenues. In 
addition, a material adverse change in the economy of Australia could affect the amount of transfer 
payments that the Guarantor receives. Either of these events could ultimately adversely affect the 
ability of the Guarantor to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
The global outbreak of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) has, and will continue to adversely 
affect the Australian and Queensland economies 
The global outbreak of COVID-19 commenced in early 2020, causing significant disruption across a 
number of regions, industries and markets. COVID-19 was officially declared a pandemic by the 
World Health Organization on 11 March 2020. 
The outbreak of COVID-19 in Australia resulted in federal, state and local governments within 
Australia, including the State of Queensland, implementing a number of measures including 
significant restrictions on movement, travel and transportation both internationally and interstate and 
prolonged closures of workplaces, schools and retail areas to help contain the virus. In contrast to 
North America and Europe, the measures undertaken in the State of Queensland, effectively reflecting 
a zero-COVID approach, have been relatively successful throughout 2020 and 2021 in limiting 
community transmission of COVID-19 to date. However, the measures implemented to limit the 
spread of the virus have had a significant impact on economic activity, particularly in industries that 
depend on the movement of people, such as tourism and the education of overseas students. 
In late 2021, the State of Queensland released a COVID Safe Future roadmap, announcing plans to 
transition from its zero-COVID approach through a gradual easing of restrictions as vaccination 
targets are met.  In line with that roadmap, the State of Queensland reopened its border to domestic 
interstate travellers on 13 December 2021, and it is expected that the State of Queensland, as well as 
other Australian states and territories, will eventually ease their entry restrictions to fully vaccinated 
international travellers during 2022.  As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the State of Queensland 
remains in the early stages of its reopening plan, and it is unclear how effective the phased measures 
being taken to reduce the spread of COVID-19 in the State of Queensland will be at mitigating the 
disruption caused by the pandemic, particularly as new variants emerge. 
The long-term effects of COVID-19 on Australia and the State of Queensland are difficult to assess or 
predict. They may include risks to public health and safety, as well as reduced goods and services 
exports, international education, tourism and other economic activity, which in turn could result in 
decreased revenue for both the Commonwealth and state governments and increased expenditures. 
These consequences may affect the Issuer’s and Guarantor’s credit ratings. The Issuer and the 
Guarantor cannot predict the path of the pandemic in Australia or the State of Queensland, including 
as a result of the emergence of new variants of COVID-19, the level and effectiveness of vaccination 
in the community, any resurgences of COVID-19 internationally, and whether restrictions on 
international travel will be prolonged further than expected or if mitigation measures will be required 
to be re-implemented. In addition, the Australian and Queensland economies may be affected by the 
impact of COVID-19 elsewhere in the region and beyond, such as measures undertaken by other 
countries that suspend travel or that limit trade, and by the effects of lower or negative economic 
growth in their major trading partners. These conditions could in turn adversely affect the Issuer’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as the Guarantor. 
Ongoing Market Volatility and Recent Market Conditions 
The Queensland economy is affected by current global economic conditions, including regional and 
international rates of economic growth. The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly increased the level 
of macroeconomic uncertainty globally. Any downturns in the global economy, whether as a result of 
the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, may lead to increased market volatility and decreased 
consumer confidence. The potential impact of such global economic pressure on the Guarantor is 
uncertain. There can be no assurance that the Queensland economy will grow in a prolonged negative 
global economic climate.  
Any slowdown in the growth of the Chinese economy or a deterioration in trade relations with China, 
given that China is Queensland's largest export destination, could affect the Guarantor. In addition, the

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
State of Queensland exports various primary products, including commodities, coal, liquefied natural 
gas and beef, and the prices for some of those exports are driven by global forces. Changes in global 
political conditions, such as the impact of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement reached between the 
UK and the European Union, potential changes in U.S. economic policies under the Biden 
administration, on-going geopolitical and trade tensions with China and the EU and the impacts of the 
global COVID-19 pandemic (see "Risk Factors - The global outbreak of the novel coronavirus 
(COVID-19) has, and will continue to adversely affect the Australian and Queensland economies" 
above), and continued or escalated conflict in the Middle East, North Korea, Ukraine or elsewhere in 
the world have the potential to lead to extended periods of increased political and economic 
uncertainty and volatility in the global financial markets.  
These factors, particularly should current conditions begin to deteriorate, could materially and 
adversely affect the markets in ways that are difficult to predict or effectively manage. This in turn 
could adversely affect QTC's business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as the 
Guarantor. 
FACTORS THAT INVESTORS SHOULD CONSIDER WHEN ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE FACILITY 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Facility. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors.   
Risks applicable to the Structure of a particular issue of Notes 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer may limit the market value of those Notes 
The applicable Final Terms may indicate that the relevant Notes are redeemable at the Issuer's option 
on or after a specified date prior to their stated maturity at a specified price or prices (which may 
include a premium), together with accrued interest to the date of redemption. An optional redemption 
feature of Notes may limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem 
Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which 
they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment 
risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any 
conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such 
Notes as the change of interest may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes 
convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where 
the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing 
rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than prices for more conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the greater the 
price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices, which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including the London interbank 
offered rate ("LIBOR") and the euro interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR"), are the subject of recent 
international and national regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or 
referencing such a benchmark. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) 
prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The 
UK Benchmarks Regulation among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use 
of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register 
(or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed), subject to certain transitional 
provisions. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark", in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the requirements 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such 
changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level of the "benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements.  
Specifically, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant 
active underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark 
reforms) for market participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. The FCA has indicated 
through a series of announcements that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and 
will not be guaranteed after 2021. On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
("IBA"), the administrator of LIBOR, published a statement confirming its intention to cease 
publication of all LIBOR settings, together with the dates on which this will occur, subject to the FCA 
exercising its powers to require IBA to continue publishing such LIBOR settings using a changed 
methodology (the "IBA announcement"). Concurrently, the FCA published a statement on the future 
cessation and loss of representativeness of all LIBOR currencies and tenors, following the dates on 
which IBA has indicated it will cease publication (the "FCA announcement"). Permanent cessation

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
occurred immediately after 31 December 2021 for all Euro and Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors and certain 
Sterling, Japanese Yen and US Dollar LIBOR settings and will occur immediately after 30 June 2023 
for certain other USD LIBOR settings. In relation to the remaining LIBOR settings (1-month, 3-
month and 6-month Sterling, US Dollar and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will consult on, 
or continue to consider the case for, using its powers to require IBA to continue their publication 
under a changed methodology for a further period after the end of 2021 (and end of June 2023 in the 
case of US Dollar LIBOR). 
The FCA announcement states that consequently, these LIBOR settings will no longer be 
representative of the underlying market that such settings are intended to measure immediately after 
31 December 2021, in the case of the Sterling and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings and immediately 
after 30 June 2023, in the case of the USD LIBOR settings. In June 2021, the FCA consulted on its 
proposed decision to require IBA to publish 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Sterling and Japanese 
Yen LIBOR settings using a changed methodology. On 29 September 2021, it confirmed that decision 
and the methodology for calculating the “synthetic” LIBOR settings. The FCA also confirmed that the 
continued publication of the Japanese Yen LIBOR setting will cease permanently at the end of 2022. 
There is currently no indication of the time duration of the Sterling synthetic LIBOR settings and no 
decision has been made on the introduction of US Dollar synthetic LIBOR for the US Dollar LIBOR 
tenors continuing until the end of June 2023. The first non-representative publication under the 
Sterling and Japanese Yen “synthetic” LIBOR methodology was 4 January 2022.  
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding 
principles and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in,  amongst other things, new euro 
denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, 
amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust 
fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro 
risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and 
fallback rates. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark"; or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national 
reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, or any other such reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of and return on 
any such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or 
existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations 
under the Floating Rate Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and 
the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes. Investors should consider these matters when 
making their investment decision with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event or SOFR Benchmark Transition Event, as applicable, may 
adversely affect the return on and the market value of Floating Rate Notes  
Investors should be aware that in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Conditions of the Notes provide 
for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, including an inter-bank 
offered rate such as EURIBOR, Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") or the secured

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
overnight financing rate ("SOFR"), or other relevant reference rate ceases to exist or be published or 
another Benchmark Event or SOFR Benchmark Transition Event, as applicable, occurs. The IBA 
announcement and FCA announcement referred to above would each constitute such a Benchmark 
Event. This would trigger certain of the fallback arrangements, although the consequences of such 
fallbacks being triggered are not necessarily immediately effective under the Conditions of the Notes.  
These fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be determined by 
reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate or a SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as 
applicable, and that an Adjustment Spread or a SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, 
respectively, may be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement, as the case may be, as a result of the replacement of the relevant "benchmark" or screen 
rate (as applicable) originally specified with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement (as the case may be). Certain Benchmark Amendments or other 
amendments, in the case of SOFR, to the Conditions of such Notes may also be made without the 
consent or approval of holders of the relevant Floating Rate Notes. In the case of any Alternative 
Rate, any Adjustment Spread (unless formally recommended or provided for) and any Benchmark 
Amendments, and any SOFR Benchmark Replacement, SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
and related amendments, the relevant alternative, replacement and adjustment (if any) and any such 
amendments shall be determined by the Issuer (acting in good faith and by reference to such sources 
as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an Independent Adviser) or, in the case 
of SOFR, the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any. Any Adjustment Spread or 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment that is applied may not be effective to reduce or 
eliminate economic prejudice to investors. The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including 
with the application of an Adjustment Spread (which could be positive, negative or zero)) or SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement (including with the application of a SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment) will still result in any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the relevant benchmark 
were to continue to apply in its current form. 
In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a 
particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being 
used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the 
rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, any determinations that may 
need to be made by the Issuer and the involvement of any Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value, market price or liquidity of 
and return on any such Notes. Any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate 
Notes and could also have a material adverse effect on the value, market price or liquidity of, and the 
amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes. Investors should consider these matters when making 
their investment decision with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a series of Floating Rate Notes specifies that the interest rate for 
such Floating Rate Notes will be determined by reference to SONIA ("SONIA-Linked Notes"), 
interest will be determined on the basis of Compounded Daily SONIA (as defined in the Conditions 
of the Notes). Compounded Daily SONIA differs from Sterling LIBOR in a number of material 
respects, including (without limitation) that Compounded Daily SONIA is a backward-looking, 
compounded, risk-free or secured overnight rate, whereas Sterling LIBOR is expressed on the basis of 
a forward-looking term and include a credit risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, 
investors should be aware that there may be a material difference in the behaviour of Sterling LIBOR

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
and SONIA as interest reference rates for Floating Rate Notes. The use of SONIA as a reference rate 
for Eurobonds is nascent, and is subject to change and development, both in terms of the substance of 
the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and 
trading of debt securities referencing SONIA. 
The Bank of England publishes certain historical indicative secured overnight financing rates, 
although such historical indicative data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and 
approximations. Potential investors in SONIA-Linked Notes should not rely on such historical 
indicative data or on any historical changes or trends in SONIA as an indicator of the future 
performance of SONIA. Accordingly, SONIA over the term of any SONIA-Linked Notes may bear 
little or no relation to the historical actual or historical indicative data. 
Prospective investors in any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA should be 
aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital 
markets and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR. For example, in the context of SONIA 
as a backwards-looking rate, market participants and relevant working groups are, as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, currently exploring a forward-looking ‘term’ SONIA reference rate (which 
seeks to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term). 
The adoption of SONIA may also see component inputs into swap rates or other composite rates 
transferring from Sterling LIBOR or another reference rate to SONIA.  
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions in the case of Floating Rate Notes for which Compounded Daily 
SONIA is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms. Furthermore, the Issuer may in 
the future issue Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of the interest 
determination provisions when compared with the provisions for such determination as set out in 
Conditions 4.2(f). The nascent development of Compounded Daily SONIA as an interest reference 
rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-based rates for such 
market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or 
increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any SONIA referenced Floating Rate 
Notes issued under the Facility from time to time.   
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rate in the Eurobond markets 
may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as 
the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of SONIA reference rate across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of 
Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA.  
Since SONIA is a relatively new market reference rate, Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded 
Daily SONIA may have no established trading market when issued, and an established trading market 
may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA, such as the spread over the reference rate reflected in the interest rate 
provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such debt securities may be lower than those 
of later issued debt securities as a result. Further, if Compounded Daily SONIA does not prove to be 
widely used in securities, the trading price of Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA may be lower than those of debt securities referencing other reference rates that are more 
widely used.  
Investors in Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA may not be able to sell such 
Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently 
suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. There can also be no guarantee that SONIA 
will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
interests of investors in such Notes. If the manner in which SONIA is calculated is changed, that 
change may result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable on Floating Rate Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA and the trading prices of such Notes.  
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect 
to any such Floating Rate Notes. 
The use of SOFR as a reference rate for any SOFR notes is subject to important limitations 
In June 2017, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee ("ARRC") announced SOFR as its 
recommended alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR.  However, the composition and characteristics of 
SOFR are not the same as those of U.S. dollar LIBOR.  SOFR is a broad U.S. Treasury repo financing 
rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions.  This means that SOFR is fundamentally 
different from U.S. dollar LIBOR for two key reasons.  First, SOFR is a secured rate, while U.S. 
dollar LIBOR is an unsecured rate.  Second, SOFR is an overnight rate, while U.S. dollar LIBOR is a 
forward-looking rate that represents interbank funding over different maturities.  As a result, there can 
be no assurance that SOFR will perform in the same way as U.S. dollar LIBOR would have at any 
time, including, without limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, 
market volatility or global or regional economic, financial, political, or regulatory events. 
As SOFR is an overnight funding rate, any Series of Floating Rate Notes where the interest rate will 
be determined by reference to SOFR ("SOFR-Linked Notes") will be calculated on the basis of either 
the arithmetic mean of SOFR over the relevant Interest Period or compounding SOFR during the 
relevant Interest Period.  As a consequence of this calculation method, the amount of interest payable 
on each Interest Payment Date will only be known a short period of time prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date.  Holders of such SOFR-Linked Notes therefore will not know at the start of the 
Interest Period the interest amount which will be payable on any SOFR-Linked Notes.  Currently, the 
ARRC is not recommending the use of forward-looking term SOFR for new issuances of floating rate 
notes. 
Although the FRBNY publishes historical indicative SOFR information going back to 2014, such 
prepublication of historical data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations.  
Potential investors in SOFR-Linked Notes should not rely on any historical changes or trends in 
SOFR as an indicator of future changes in SOFR. 
Also, since SOFR is a relatively new market index, any SOFR-Linked Notes will have a developing 
trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very 
liquid.  Market terms for debt securities indexed to SOFR, may evolve over time, and trading prices of 
SOFR-Linked Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result.  
Similarly, if SOFR does not prove to be widely used in securities like SOFR-Linked Notes, the 
trading price of SOFR-Linked Notes may be lower than those of debt securities linked to indices that 
are more widely used.  Noteholders may not be able to sell SOFR-Linked Notes at all or may not be 
able to sell SOFR-Linked Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market and may consequently suffer from increased 
pricing volatility and market risk. 
The FRBNY notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR is subject to important 
limitations and disclaimers, including that the New York Federal Reserve may alter the methods of 
calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time without 
notice.  In addition, SOFR is published by the FRBNY based on data received from other sources.  
There can be no guarantee that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner 
that is materially adverse to the interests of the holders of any SOFR-Linked Notes.  If the manner in 
which SOFR is calculated is changed or if SOFR is discontinued, that change or discontinuance may 
result in a reduction or elimination of the amount of interest payable on SOFR-Linked Notes and a

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
reduction in the trading prices of SOFR-Linked Notes, which would have an adverse effect on the 
Noteholders who could lose part of their investment. 
Any failure of SONIA or SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect SONIA-Linked 
Notes or SOFR-Linked Note  
According to the ARRC, SOFR was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar derivatives and other 
financial contracts as an alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR in part because it is considered a good 
representation of general funding conditions in the overnight U.S. Treasury repurchase agreement 
market. However, as a rate based on transactions secured by U.S. Treasury securities, it does not 
measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to correlate with the unsecured short-
term funding costs of banks. Similar considerations apply in respect of SONIA. This may mean that 
market participants would not consider SOFR or SONIA a suitable replacement or successor for all of 
the purposes for which U.S. dollar or Sterling LIBOR historically has been used (including, without 
limitation, as a representation of the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks), which may, in turn, 
lessen market acceptance of SOFR or SONIA. Any failure of SOFR or SONIA to gain market 
acceptance could adversely affect the return on and value and market price of Floating Rate Notes 
which reference Compounded Daily SONIA or compounded SOFR-linked Notes and the price at 
which investors can sell such Notes in the secondary market. 
The amount of interest payable with respect to each Interest Period will only be determined near 
the end of the Interest Period for SONIA-Linked Notes and compounded SOFR-linked Notes   
The Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA and compounded 
SOFR-linked Notes is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant SONIA 
Observation Period (as defined in 4.2(f)) or relevant Interest Period, respectively. Therefore, holders 
of any such Floating Rate Notes will not know the amount of interest payable with respect to each 
Interest Period until shortly prior to the related Interest Payment Date and it may be difficult for 
investors in any such Floating Rate Notes to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be 
payable on each such Interest Payment Date at the beginning of or during the relevant Interest Period. 
In addition, some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Floating Rate Notes without 
changes to their information technology systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the 
liquidity of such Floating Rate Notes. Further, if Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA or compounded SOFR-linked Notes become due and payable as a result of an event of default 
under Condition 10, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, 
the final rate of interest payable in respect of such Floating Rate Notes shall only be determined by 
reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Floating Rate Notes 
become due and payable. 
SOFR and SONIA may be more volatile than other benchmarks or market rates  
Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile 
than daily changes in other benchmark or market rates, such as U.S. dollar LIBOR. Although changes 
in compounded SOFR generally are not expected to be as volatile as changes in daily levels of SOFR, 
the return on and value and market price of compounded SOFR-linked Notes may fluctuate more than 
floating rate securities that are linked to less volatile rates. In addition, the volatility of SOFR has 
reflected the underlying volatility of the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market. The FRBNY has at 
times conducted operations in the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market in order to help maintain the 
federal funds rate within a target range. There can be no assurance that the FRBNY will continue to 
conduct such operations in the future, and the duration and extent of any such operations is inherently 
uncertain. Similar considerations may also apply in respect of SONIA. The effect of any such 
operations, or of the cessation of such operations to the extent they are commenced, is uncertain and 
could be materially adverse to investors in SOFR-Linked Notes or SONIA-Linked Notes, as 
applicable.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
The interest rate on SONIA-Linked Notes and compounded SOFR-linked Notes will be based on a 
compounded average of daily SONIA and SOFR, respectively, which are relatively new in the 
marketplace and may be determined by reference to the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR 
Index, respectively, a relatively new market index  
For each Interest Period, the interest rate on any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA or compounded SOFR-linked Notes is based on a compounded average of daily SONIA or 
daily SOFR, respectively and not on daily SONIA or SOFR rate published on or in respect of a 
particular date during such Interest Period. Each of the SONIA Compounded Index and the SOFR 
Index measures the cumulative impact of compounding SONIA or SOFR, respectively, on a unit of 
investment over time. The value of the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Index on a particular 
business day reflects the effect of compounding SONIA or SOFR, respectively, on such business day 
and allows the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA or SOFR averages, as applicable, over 
custom time periods. For this and other reasons, the interest rate on Floating Rate Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA or compounded SOFR-linked Notes during any Interest Period will not be 
the same as the interest rate on other SONIA or SOFR-linked investments that use an alternative basis 
to determine the applicable interest rate. Further, if the SONIA or SOFR rate in respect of a particular 
date during a Interest Period is negative, its contribution to the relevant compounded rate will be less 
than one, resulting in a reduction to such compounded rate used to calculate the interest payable on 
any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or compounded SOFR-linked Notes 
on the interest payment date for such Interest Period.  
Very limited market precedent exists for securities that use SONIA or SOFR as the interest rate and 
the method for calculating an interest rate based upon SONIA or SOFR in those precedents varies. In 
addition, the Bank of England and the FRBNY only began publishing the SONIA Compounded Index 
and the SOFR Index, respectively, very recently. Accordingly, the specific formulas for Compounded 
Daily SONIA and Compounded Daily SOFR set out in the Conditions and the use of the SONIA 
Compounded Index or SOFR Index for the purposes of calculating Compounded Daily SONIA or 
SOFR-INDEX-COMPOUND, respectively, may not be widely adopted by other market participants, 
if at all. If the market adopts a different calculation method that would likely adversely affect the 
market value of any respective SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes. 
There can be no assurance that SONIA or SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered 
in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-
Linked Notes, respectively  
SONIA and SOFR are published by the Bank of England and the FRBNY as the respective 
administrators of SONIA and SOFR based on data received from sources other than the Issuer. The 
Issuer has no control over the determination, calculation or publication of SONIA or SOFR. The 
administrator of SONIA or SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or 
SOFR, as the case may be, or discontinue SONIA or SOFR, respectively, and has no obligation to 
consider the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes in doing so. Each of 
the Bank of England or the FRBNY (or, in each case, a successor), as the respective administrator of 
SONIA and SOFR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change the 
value of SONIA or, SOFR, including changes related to the method by which SONIA or SOFR is 
calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA or SOFR, or 
timing related to the publication of SONIA and SOFR. In addition, the respective administrators of 
SONIA or SOFR may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA or SOFR 
(in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on any SONIA-Linked Notes or 
SOFR-Linked Notes, respectively, will apply, as further described in Conditions 4.2(f) and 4.2(g), 
respectively. 
There can be no assurance that SONIA or SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in 
a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
Linked Notes, respectively. If the manner in which SONIA or SOFR is calculated is changed, that 
change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on any respective SONIA-Linked 
Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes, which may adversely affect the trading prices of such Notes. If the rate 
at which interest accrues on any SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes for any Interest Period 
declines to zero or becomes negative, no interest will be payable on such Notes on the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period. The administrator of each of SONIA and SOFR has no 
obligation to consider the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes, 
respectively, in calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA or SOFR, as the 
case may be. In addition, the administrator of each of SONIA or SOFR may withdraw, modify or 
amend the published SONIA or SOFR rate or other SONIA or SOFR data, respectively, in its sole 
discretion and without notice. 
The SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Index may be modified or discontinued, which could 
adversely affect the value and market price of any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded 
Daily SONIA or Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR where SOFR Index Compound is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms   
The SONIA Compounded Index and the SOFR Index are published by The Bank of England and the 
FRBNY, respectively, based on data received by them from sources other than the Issuer, and the 
Issuer has no control over their methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or 
the availability of the SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Index at any time. There can be no 
guarantee, particularly given its relatively recent introduction, that the SONIA Compounded Index or 
the SOFR Index will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially 
adverse to the interests of investors in any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA or Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR where SOFR Index Compound is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms. If the manner in which the SONIA Compounded Index or 
the SOFR Index is calculated, including the manner in which SONIA or SOFR, respectively, is 
calculated, is changed, that change may result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable on any 
Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Floating Rate Notes referencing 
SOFR where SOFR Index Compound is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and the trading prices of such Notes. In addition, the Bank of England or the FRBNY may withdraw, 
modify or amend the published SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Index, respectively, or other 
SONIA or SOFR data in its sole discretion and without notice. The interest rate for any Interest Period 
will not be adjusted for any modifications or amendments to the SONIA Compounded Index or the 
SOFR Index or other SONIA or SOFR data that the Bank of England or the FRBNY may publish 
after the interest rate for that Interest Period has been determined. 
With respect to a Series of compounded SOFR-linked Notes using the payment delay convention or 
a convention for which a SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date is applicable, it will not be possible to calculate 
accrued interest with respect to any period until after the end of such period or the SOFR Rate Cut-
Off Date, as applicable. 
With respect to a Series of compounded SOFR-linked Notes using the payment delay convention or a 
convention for which a SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date is applicable, because daily SOFR in respect of a 
given day is not published until the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following 
such day, it will not be possible to calculate accrued interest with respect to any period until after the 
end of such period or the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date, as applicable, which may adversely affect 
investors’ ability to trade such Notes in the secondary market. 
With respect to a Series of compounded SOFR-linked Notes using the payment delay convention or 
a convention for which a SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date is applicable, pursuant to the formula used to 
determine compounded SOFR for such notes for an applicable Interest Period, daily SOFR used in 
such calculation for any day from, and including, the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to, but excluding,

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
the relevant Interest Payment Date (or Maturity Date or any earlier redemption date, if applicable) 
will be daily SOFR in respect of the relevant SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date. 
The formula used to determine the base rate for compounded SOFR-linked Notes using the payment 
delay convention employs a SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date for the final Interest Period with respect to such 
Notes. For such final Interest Period, daily SOFR as used in the calculation of compounded SOFR for 
any day from (and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or 
any earlier redemption date, if applicable, will be daily SOFR in respect of the SOFR Rate Cut-Off 
Date. The SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date will be the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to the Maturity Date or any earlier redemption date, if 
applicable. 
In addition, the formula used to determine the base rate for compounded SOFR-linked Notes using 
any convention for which a SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date is applicable may employ such SOFR Rate Cut-
Off Date, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, for each Interest Period with respect to such 
Notes. 
As a result of the foregoing, a holder of a series of compounded SOFR-linked Notes using the 
payment delay convention or a convention for which a SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date is applicable will not 
receive the benefit of any increase in the level of SOFR on any date subsequent to the applicable 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date in connection with the determination of the interest payable with respect to 
the final Interest Period for an applicable Series of compounded SOFR-linked Notes using the 
payment delay convention or with respect to each interest period for an applicable series of 
compounded SOFR-linked Notes employing a SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date convention. This could 
reduce the amount of interest that may be payable on such Notes. 
Holders of a Series of compounded SOFR-linked Notes using the payment delay convention will 
receive payments of interest on a delayed basis. 
The Interest Payment Dates for any Series of compounded SOFR-linked Notes using the payment 
delay convention with respect to interest rate determination and interest payments will be two 
business days (or such other number of business days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) after 
the interest period end date at the end of each Interest Period for such Notes. This convention differs 
from the interest payment convention that has been used historically for Floating Rate Notes with 
interest rates based on other benchmark or market rates, such as LIBOR, where interest typically has 
been paid on a fixed day that immediately follows the final day of the applicable Interest Period. As a 
result, holders of a Series of compounded SOFR-linked Notes using the payment delay convention 
will receive payments of interest on a delayed basis as compared to Floating Rate Notes in which they 
previously may have invested. 
Risks relating to Notes denominated in Renminbi  
Set out below is a description of the principal risks which may be relevant to an investor in Notes 
denominated in Renminbi ("Renminbi Notes"):  
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible, there are significant restrictions on the remittance of 
Renminbi into and out of the PRC and the liquidity of investments in Renminbi Notes is subject to 
such restrictions 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The government 
of the PRC (the "PRC Government") continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign 
currencies despite significant reduction in the control by the PRC Government in recent years over 
trade transactions involving the import and export of goods and services, as well as other frequent 
routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
Participating banks in Hong Kong and a number of other jurisdictions (the "Applicable Jurisdictions") 
have been permitted to engage in the settlement of current account trade transactions in Renminbi; 
however, remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account items 
is generally only permitted upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific 
registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict 
monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for 
settlement of capital account items are (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) being developed 
gradually and will be subject to interpretation and application by the relevant authorities in the PRC. 
Although Renminbi was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket of currencies, in addition to the 
U.S. dollar, euro, Yen and sterling, created by the International Monetary Fund as an international 
reserve asset in 2016 and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-border 
transactions in foreign currencies were implemented by The People’s Bank of China (the “PBoC”) in 
2018, there is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to gradually liberalise control over 
cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that any pilot schemes for Renminbi cross-border 
utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated that 
have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC. 
Further, if any new PRC regulations are promulgated in the future which have the effect of permitting 
or restricting (as the case may be) the remittance of Renminbi for payment of transactions categorised 
as capital account items, then such remittances will need to be made subject to the specific 
requirements or restrictions set out in such rules. In the event that funds cannot be repatriated outside 
the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the 
ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under Renminbi Notes. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of 
Renminbi Notes and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service Renminbi 
Notes 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, 
the availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited.  
While the PBoC has entered into agreements on the clearing of Renminbi business (the “Settlement 
Agreements”) with financial institutions in a number of financial centres and cities (each, an “RMB 
Clearing Bank”), including, but not limited to, Hong Kong, and is in the process of establishing 
Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other jurisdictions, the size of Renminbi 
denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited.   
There are restrictions imposed by the PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of 
cross-border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. 
Furthermore, Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support 
from the PBoC. The relevant RMB Clearing Bank only has access to onshore liquidity support from 
the PBoC for the purpose of settling open positions of participating banks for limited types of 
transactions. The relevant RMB Clearing Bank is not obliged to settle for participating banks any 
open positions resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. Where 
onshore liquidity support from the PBoC is not available, the participating banks will need to source 
Renminbi from outside the PRC to settle such open positions. 
The offshore Renminbi market is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations 
on foreign exchange. There is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the 
Settlement Agreements will not be terminated or amended so as to have the effect of restricting 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may 
affect the liquidity of investments in Renminbi Notes. To the extent that the Issuer is required to 
source Renminbi outside the PRC to service Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance that the Issuer will 
be able to source Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
Although the Issuer's primary obligation is to make all payments with respect to Renminbi Notes in 
Renminbi, where a RMB Currency Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in the event the 
Issuer determines, while acting in good faith, that one of RMB Inconvertibility, RMB Non-
Transferability or RMB Illiquidity (each as defined in Condition 6.7) has occurred, as a result of 
which, the Issuer is unable to make any payment in respect of Renminbi Notes in Renminbi, the terms 
of such Renminbi Notes will permit the Issuer to make payment in U.S. dollars (or such other 
currency as may be specified in the Final Terms) converted using the Spot Rate for the relevant 
Determination Date, all as provided in Condition 6.7. The value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. 
dollar terms may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the market place.  
An investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks  
The value of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to 
time and is affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions and by 
many other factors. The PBoC has in recent years implemented changes to the way it calculates the 
Renminbi's daily mid-point against the U.S. dollar to take into account market-maker quotes before 
announcing such daily mid-point. This change and others that may be implemented, may increase the 
volatility in the value of the Renminbi against other currencies. All payments of interest and principal 
with respect to Renminbi Notes will be made in Renminbi unless a RMB Currency Event is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, and a RMB Currency Event occurs, in which case payment will be 
made in U.S. dollars. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollars or other 
foreign currency terms may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of 
the Renminbi depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign currencies, then the value 
of any investment in Renminbi Notes in terms of the U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign currency 
will decline. 
An investment in fixed rate Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risks 
The value of Renminbi payments under Renminbi Notes may be susceptible to interest rate 
fluctuations occurring within and outside the PRC. The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its 
regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. 
In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets outside the PRC may significantly deviate from 
the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as a result of foreign exchange controls imposed by PRC 
law and regulations and prevailing market conditions. 
If a Renminbi Note carries a fixed interest rate, then the trading price of such Renminbi Notes will 
vary with fluctuations in Renminbi interest rates. If an investor in Renminbi Notes tries to sell such 
Renminbi Notes before their maturity then they may receive an offer that is less than the amount 
invested. 
Payments in respect of Renminbi Notes will be made to investors in the manner specified in the 
Conditions  
Investors might be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi 
account information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the 
Renminbi clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong or such other RMB 
Settlement Centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. All Renminbi payments to 
investors in respect of Renminbi Notes will be made solely: (i) for so long as Renminbi Notes are 
represented by Global Notes held with the common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), by transfer to a Renminbi 
bank account maintained in Hong Kong or any such other RMB Settlement Centre(s) in accordance 
with prevailing Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg rules and procedures, or (ii) for so long as 
Renminbi Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong 
Kong or such other RMB Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
Other than as described in Condition 6.7, the Issuer cannot be required to make payment by any other 
means (including in any other currency or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
There might be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in Renminbi Notes 
In considering whether to invest in Renminbi Notes, investors should consult their individual tax 
advisers with regard to the application of PRC tax laws to their particular situation, as well as any tax 
consequences arising under the laws of any other tax jurisdictions. The value of the Noteholder’s 
investment in Renminbi Notes may be materially and adversely affected if the Noteholder is required 
to pay PRC tax with respect to acquiring, holding or disposing of and receiving payments under those 
Renminbi Notes. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Modification may adversely affect the interest of holders of the Notes 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference 
call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the holders of the Notes to consider and vote upon 
matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of 
electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all holders of the Notes, 
including holders of the Notes who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may 
be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those holders 
of the Notes who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Issuer and the Agent may, without the consent of 
holders of the Notes, agree to any modification to any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement and 
the Notes which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or which is made to correct a manifest or 
proven error.  
Any change of law may adversely impact the Notes 
The conditions of the Notes are governed by English law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact on the Notes of any possible judicial decision 
or change to English law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Trading in the clearing systems 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a specified minimum denomination and higher integral 
multiples of another smaller amount, should definitive Notes be required to be issued, a holder who 
holds less than the minimum denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system would 
not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes 
at or in excess of the specified minimum denomination such that its holding amounts to the minimum 
denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is 
less than the specified minimum denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at 
the relevant time may not receive his entitlement in the form of definitive Notes unless and until such 
time as their holding equals the minimum denomination or any higher permitted denomination.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the specified minimum denomination may be illiquid 
and difficult to trade.  
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks related to the Notes, including 
liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and credit risk.  
Illiquidity may have an adverse effect on the market value of Notes 
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market does develop for the Notes, it may not be very liquid and investments in Notes may trade at a 
discount to their initial offering price depending on prevailing interest rates, market for similar 
securities, general economic conditions and the Issuer’s and/or Guarantor’s financial condition. 
Therefore, investors may be unable to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a 
yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly 
the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed 
for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more 
limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may 
have an adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls may adversely affect an investor's return on the Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantor will make any payments 
under the Guarantee in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency other than 
the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change, including 
changes due to depreciation or appreciation of the Specified Currency relative to the investor's 
currency, and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the investor's currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the investor's currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease (1) the equivalent yield on the Notes in the investor's currency, (2) 
the equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes in the investor's currency and (3) the 
equivalent market value of the Notes in the investor's currency.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate as well as the availability of a specified 
foreign currency at the time of any payment of principal or interest on a Note or any payments under 
the Guarantee. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest 
or principal. Even if there are no actual exchange controls, it is possible that the Specified Currency 
for any particular Note would not be available at such Note’s maturity. 
Changes in interest rates may adversely affect the market value of fixed rate Notes 
Investments in Notes that have a fixed interest rate involve the risk that subsequent changes in market 
interest rates may adversely affect the market value of those fixed rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks of an investment in the Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non- EEA credit 
rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by a EEA -registered credit rating 
agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
(and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered 
and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) 
on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the 
relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory 
measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As 
such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of 
ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either 
be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating 
agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, 
to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been 
withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the 
case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates 
continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant 
conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different 
regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary 
market. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the 
cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the CSSF 
shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the annual report on Form 18-K dated 14 January 2022, filed with the U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission in relation to the Issuer and the Government of Queensland for the 
fiscal 
year 
ended 
30 
June 
2021 
(the 
"2021 
Form 
18-K") 
(available 
at: 
https://www.qtc.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/QTC-Form-18-K-2021-Update-PDF-as-
filed.pdf);   
(b) 
the annual report on Form 18-K dated 13 January 2021, filed with the U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission in relation to the Issuer and the Government of Queensland for the 
fiscal 
year 
ended 
30 
June 
2020 
(the 
"2020 
Form 
18-K") 
(available 
at: 
https://www.qtc.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2021/01/2020-Form-18-K.pdf); and 
(c) 
the Form 18-K/A dated 20 December 2021, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission (available at: https://www.qtc.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/Form-18-
KA-dated-20-December-2021.pdf) and in particular, the following information contained in 
the Form 18-K/A, and as set out at the pages below: 
 
Exhibit (c)(ix) – 2021-22 Budget Update: Mid-Year Fiscal and Economic 
Review 
Pages∗ 6 to 
55 
 
Exhibit (c)(x) – Queensland Treasury Corporation’s 2021 – 22 Indicative 
Term Debt Borrowing Program Update 
Pages* 56 to 
60 
 
(d) 
the information set out on pages 6 to 51∗ of Form 18-K/A dated 13 December 2021, filed with 
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (available at: https://www.qtc.com.au/wp-
content/uploads/2022/01/Form-18-KA-dated-13-December-2021.pdf);   
(e) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous base prospectus dated 12 
December 2008 (the "2008 Prospectus") on pages 45-67 prepared by the Issuer and the 
Guarantor in connection with the Facility (available at: https://www.qtc.com.au/wp-
content/uploads/2020/01/ICM-28894565-v1-
QTC_Base_Prospectus_12_December_2008.pdf), the terms and conditions of the Notes 
contained in the previous base prospectus dated 24 February 2016 (the "2016 Prospectus") on 
pages 39-69 prepared by the Issuer and the Guarantor in connection with the Facility 
(available 
at: 
https://www.qtc.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/ICM-28894552-v1-
QTC_Base_Prospectus_24_February_2016.pdf) and the terms and conditions of the Notes 
contained in the previous base prospectus dated 11 February 2020 on pages 46-81 prepared 
by the Issuer and the Guarantor in connection with the Facility (available at: 
https://www.qtc.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/ICM-34694632-v1-
QTC_EMTN_Update_2020_-_Base_Prospectus_FINAL.pdf). Any other information set out 
elsewhere in the 2008 Prospectus, the 2016 Prospectus and/or the 2020 Prospectus is not 
incorporated by reference.  
                                                     
∗ The page numbers refer to the page references of the PDF document. 
∗ The page numbers refer to the page references of the PDF document.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) 
shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify 
or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so 
modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment 
of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use 
in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.  
For ease of reference, please note that certain information required under the Prospectus Regulation to 
be included in or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, can be found in the 2021 Form 
18-K or the 2020 Form 18-K, as the case may be.  
The following table sets out where in the 2021 Form 18-K the relevant information referred to below 
can be located: 
Prospectus Regulation Requirement 
Location in 2021 
Form 18-K 
Annex 7 9.1 (administrative, management and supervisory bodies) ...............  Exhibit (c)(i) p* 33 - 
38 
Annex 7 10.1 (major shareholders) ..................................................................  Exhibit (c)(i) p* 33 – 
34 
Annex 
7 
11.1 
(Financial 
information 
concerning 
the 
issuer's  
assets and liabilities, financial position and profits and losses) ....................... 
Exhibit (c)(i) 
(a) (Balance sheet) ...........................................................................................  p* 41 
(b) (Income Statement) ....................................................................................  p* 40 
(c) (Cash flow statement) .................................................................................  p* 43 
(d) (Accounting policies and explanatory notes) .............................................  p* 44 -70 
Annex 7 11.1.1 (Report of the Auditor-General of Queensland) .....................  p* 72 - 76 
Annex 21 3 (Information to be disclosed about the Guarantor)  
and Annex 10 4 (Public finance) 
 
Annex 10 4.1(b) (Public Debt) .........................................................................  Exhibit (e) p* 801 - 
805 
Annex 10 4.1(e) (Balance Sheet for Queensland) ............................................  Exhibit (c)(ii) p* 115 
Annex 10 4.1(f) (Operating Statements for Queensland) ................................  Exhibit (c)(ii) p* 114 
∗ The page numbers refer to the page references of the PDF document. 
The following table sets out where in the 2020 Form 18-K the relevant information referred to below 
can be located: 
Prospectus Regulation Requirement 
Location in 2020 
Form 18-K 
Annex 7 9.1 (administrative, management and supervisory bodies) ...............  Exhibit (c)(i) p* 34 - 
39 
Annex 7 10.1 (major shareholders) ..................................................................  Exhibit (c)(i) p* 34 – 
35 
Annex 
7 
11.1 
(Financial 
information 
concerning 
the 
issuer's  Exhibit (c)(i)

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
assets and liabilities, financial position and profits and losses) ....................... 
(a) (Balance sheet) ...........................................................................................  p* 43 
(b) (Income Statement) ....................................................................................  p* 42 
(c) (Cash flow statement) .................................................................................  p* 45 
(d) (Accounting policies and explanatory notes) .............................................  p* 46 - 72 
Annex 7 11.1.1 (Report of the Auditor-General of Queensland) .....................  P* 74 - 78 
Annex 21 3 (Information to be disclosed about the Guarantor)  
and Annex 10 4 (Public finance) 
 
Annex 10 4.1(b) (Public Debt) .........................................................................  Exhibit (e) p* 637 - 
641 
Annex 10 4.1(e) (Balance Sheet for Queensland) ............................................  Exhibit (c)(ii) p* 117 
Annex 10 4.1(f) (Operating Statements for Queensland) ................................  Exhibit (c)(ii) p* 115 - 
116 
∗ The page numbers refer to the page references of the PDF document. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
means any parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed not relevant for an 
investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), with or without interest 
coupons attached, or registered form ("Registered Notes"), without interest coupons attached.  Bearer 
Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act 
("Regulation S") and Registered Notes will be issued both outside the United States in reliance on the 
exemption from registration provided by Regulation S and within the United States in reliance on 
Rule 144A. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global Note (a 
"Temporary Bearer Global Note") or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global 
Note (a "Permanent Bearer Global Note") which, in either case, will be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, 
interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date 
(as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note) only to 
the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of 
interests in such Bearer Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any 
U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a 
like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent.   
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note 
is issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon 
a request as described therein either (a) for interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same 
Series or (b) for definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons 
and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive 
Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against 
certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been 
given, provided that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to 
receive definitive Bearer Notes.  The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to 
collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, 
upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent 
Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused.  
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will 
be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the 
case may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note) without any requirement for certification.   
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable 
(free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest 
coupons and talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, 
"Exchange Event" means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 8) has occurred and is 
continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have 
been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory 
or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so 
and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse 
tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Bearer 
Global Note in definitive form.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
with Condition 12 if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in 
such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange and, in the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give 
notice to the Agent requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 60 days after 
the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) 
and on all interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be 
entitled to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such 
Notes or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be 
sold to non-U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a global Note in 
registered form (a "Regulation S Global Note").  Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period 
(as defined in Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in a Regulation 
S Global Note may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as 
otherwise provided in Condition 2 and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (an "Alternative Clearing System") and such Regulation S Global Note will bear a legend 
regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche may only be offered and sold in the United States or to U.S. 
persons in private transactions to "qualified institutional buyers" within the meaning of Rule 144A 
("QIBs").  The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to QIBs will be represented by a global note in 
registered form (a "Rule 144A Global Note" and, together with a Regulation S Global Note, the 
"Registered Global Notes"). 
Registered Global Notes will either (a) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name 
of a nominee of, DTC for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, (b) be deposited 
with a common depositary for, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or (c) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of, an Alternative Clearing System, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Persons 
holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may 
be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully 
registered form. 
The Rule 144A Global Note will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will 
bear a legend regarding such restrictions.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in 
the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in 
Condition 6.4) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes.  None of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of 
the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in 
the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive 
form will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register 
on the relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.4) immediately preceding the due date for 
payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, 
for definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (a) an Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing, (b) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, 
either DTC has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as depository for the 
Notes and no alternative clearing system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing 
agency registered under the Exchange Act, (c) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has been 
notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have 
announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, 
no successor clearing system is available or (d) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax 
consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Registered Global Note 
in definitive form.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
12 if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, DTC, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in 
such Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event 
of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (d) above, the Issuer may also give notice to 
the Registrar requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the 
date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be 
transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Note.  No 
beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, 
except in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
and any Alternative Clearing System, in each case to the extent applicable.  Registered Notes are 
also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding 
such restrictions, see "Transfer Restrictions". 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined in "Conditions of the Notes"), the Agent shall arrange 
that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an 
existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code, ISIN 
and if available, the FISN and/or CFI and, where applicable, a CUSIP and CINS numbers are different 
from the common code, ISIN, CUSIP, CINS, the FISN and CFI assigned to Notes of any other 
Tranche of the same Series until at least the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any Alternative Clearing System, subject to 
any additional or alternative rules and operating procedures of any such Alternative Clearing System. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 8.  
In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or 
any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions of such Notes and 
payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global 
Note then holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly 
against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and DTC on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the "Deed of Covenant") 
dated 12 December 2008 and executed by the Issuer.  In addition, holders of interests in such Global 
Note credited to their accounts with DTC may require DTC to deliver Definitive Notes in registered 
form in exchange for their interest in such Global Note in accordance with DTC's standard operating 
procedures.

--- Page 41 ---
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
1[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]2 
1[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS 
ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]3 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES 
ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as amended) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined 
the classification of the Notes to be capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in 
the Singapore Monetary Authority (the "MAS") Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).]4 
[Date] 
Queensland Treasury Corporation 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 98INKCEEHOU5YJS0HQ88 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Guaranteed by The Treasurer on behalf of The Government of Queensland 
                                                     
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach. 
2 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if one or more of the Managers/Dealers in relation to the Notes is a MiFID regulated 
entity. 
3 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if one or more of the Managers/Dealers in relation to the Notes is a UK MiFID 
regulated entity. 
4 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes sold into Singapore do not constitute prescribed capital markets products as 
defined under the CMP Regulations 2018.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
under the U.S.$10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Facility 
[The Notes will only be admitted to trading on [insert name of relevant QI market/segment], which is 
[an EEA regulated market/a specific segment of an EEA regulated market] (as defined in MiFID II), 
to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access and shall 
not be offered or sold to non-qualified investors.]5 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 1 February 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it 
dated [date] [and [date]]] (the "Base Prospectus") which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation").  This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information.  The 
Base Prospectus is and in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, www.bourse.lu.] 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a prospectus with an earlier date.) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Prospectus dated [12 December 2008/24 February 2016/11 February 
2020] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 1 February 2022.  This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 1 February 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base 
Prospectus"), including the Conditions which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in 
order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus is and, in the case of Notes admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms 
will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, www.bourse.lu.] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A).  Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub paragraphs.  Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.) 
(If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.) 
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[        ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[        ] 
(c) 
Date on which the 
Notes 
will 
be 
consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [specify issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
                                                     
5 Legend to be included for Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) which will only 
be admitted to trading on a Member State regulated market, or a specific segment of a Member State regulated market, to which only 
qualified investors can have access.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 20 below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date]]][Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
Specified 
Currency 
or 
Currencies: 
[        ] 
3. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[        ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[        ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[        ] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert date] 
(if applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified 
Denominations: 
[        ] 
(In the case of Registered Notes, this 
means the minimum integral amount in 
which transfers can be made) 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of €100,000 (or equivalent) unless they are to be 
admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or 
a specific segment of a regulated market, to which 
only qualified investors can have access) 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].  
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].") 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in 
relation to calculation 
of interest in relation to 
Notes in global form 
see Conditions): 
[        ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert 
the highest common factor.  Note: There must be 
a common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
(b) 
Interest 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
Commencement Date: 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating rate notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]]6 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[     ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[EURIBOR/ 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA/Compounded Daily SOFR] +/- [        ] per 
cent. 
 
Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100/   ] per cent. of their 
nominal amount 
 
(N.B. The Notes will only be redeemed at an 
amount other than 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount in the case of certain Zero Coupon Notes) 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date on which the Notes change to 
another Interest Basis or Redemption/Payment 
Basis][Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[        ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date7 
                                                     
6 For Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification it 
will be necessary to use the second option here.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
Coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in 
global form see 
Conditions): 
[        ] per Calculation Amount8 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form 
(and 
in 
relation 
to 
Notes in global form 
see Conditions): 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Actual/Actual (ICMA)]9 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[        ]  in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon.   
13. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[        ] 
 
 
(b) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[        ] 
                                                                                                                                                                     
7  For certain Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes the Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification and the 
following words should be added: "provided that if any Interest Payment Date falls on a day which is not a Business Day, 
such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day". 
8 For Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interests Payment Dates are subject to modification the following 
alternative wording is appropriate: "Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate 
of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
CNY0.01, CNY 0.005, being rounded upwards". 
9 Applicable to Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
(Note that this item relates to the determination of 
interest period end dates) 
(d) 
Manner in which the 
Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount (if not the 
Agent): 
[        ] ("the Calculation Agent"”) 
(f) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[     ] month [EURIBOR/Compounded Daily 
SONIA/SOFR] 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[        ] 
 
(Second day on which TARGET2 is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, the 
day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the 
day on which the relevant Interest Period ends 
(but which by its definition is excluded from the 
Interest Period), if Compounded Daily SONIA 
and the day falling “p” U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date, if SOFR) 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[        ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
• 
[Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(In the case of SOFR, delete this paragraph)]  
• 
[SOFR Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
[SOFR 
Arithmetic 
Mean/SOFR 
Delay 
Compound/SOFR 
Index 
Compound/SOFR 
Lockout Compound/SOFR Lookback Compound 
/SOFR Shift Compound] 
(Only applicable in the case of SOFR)] 
• 
[SOFR Rate Cut-Off The day that is the [  ] U.S. Government

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
Date:  
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest 
Payment Date in relation to the relevant Interest 
Period. 
(Only applicable in the case of SOFR. A minimum 
of 5 U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
should be specified unless otherwise agreed with 
the 
Agent 
or 
the 
Calculation 
Agent, 
as 
applicable)] 
• 
[Observation Method: 
[Lag/Shift/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable in the case of SONIA)] 
• 
[Observation 
Look-
Back Period 
[    ] London Banking Day[s] 
(Only applicable in the case of Compounded 
Daily SONIA, in which case, a minimum of 5 
London Banking Days should be specified unless 
otherwise agreed with the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable) 
• 
[p: 
[    ] [U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day[s]][London Banking Day[s]] 
(A minimum of 5 London Banking Days (in case 
of SONIA) or 5 U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days (in the case of SOFR) should be 
specified unless otherwise agreed with the Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable )] 
• 
[Interest 
Payment 
Delay: 
[    ] U.S. Government Securities Business Day[s] 
(Only applicable in the case of SOFR Delay 
Compound) 
• 
Specified Time: 
[    ] 
• 
Day Count Fraction: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[        ] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure 
this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions))

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-
free rate)  
• 
Reset Date: 
[        ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
• 
Fallback 
Observation 
Day: 
[    ] [as per the Conditions] 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
• 
Averaging 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
• 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [[  ] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation  Period Shift: [[  ] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [   ]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[  ] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
• 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
• 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
Observation Period Shift: [[  ] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [   ]/[Not Applicable]] 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)] 
(i) 
Margin(s):   
[+/-][      ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] 
 
[30E/360] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
14. 
Zero 
Coupon 
Note/ 
Low 
Interest (discount) Note/ High 
Interest 
(premium) 
Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[        ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15. 
Notice Periods for 
Condition 5.2: 
Minimum period: [        ] days 
Maximum period: [        ] days  
16. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[        ]

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[        ] 
(ii) 
Higher 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[        ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [        ] days 
Maximum period: [        ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
the Agent) 
17. 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[        ] 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [        ] days 
Maximum period: [        ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
18. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(N.B. Except in the case of Zero Coupon Notes

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
where a Redemption/Payment Basis other than 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount has been 
specified, the Final Redemption Amount shall be 
equal to 100 per cent. of the Calculation Amount 
per Calculation Amount) 
19. 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons or on event of 
default  
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider). If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what 
the Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
20. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Bearer Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Notes only 
upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on or after the Exchange Date]] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Regulation S Global Note (U.S.$[     ] nominal 
amount) registered in the name of a nominee for 
[DTC/a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable for 
Definitive Registered Notes only upon an 
Exchange Event] 
 
[Rule 144A Global Note (U.S.$[     ] nominal 
amount) registered in the name of a nominee for 
[DTC/a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable for 
Definitive Registered Notes only upon an 
Exchange Event]] 
 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5 
includes language substantially to the following 
effect: "[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].")

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
21. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/specify details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub-paragraph 13(c) relates) 
22. 
RMB Currency Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23. 
Spot Rate (if different from that set out 
in Condition 6.7): 
[   /Not Applicable] 
24. 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Spot Rate: 
[[    ] (the "Calculation Agent")] 
25. 
Relevant Currency (if different 
from that in Condition 6.7): 
[    /Not Applicable] 
26. 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) 
[   /Not Applicable] 
Signed on behalf of Queensland Treasury Corporation: 
By: .............................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(a) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[specify relevant regulated market and, if relevant, 
listing on an official list] with effect from [      ].]  
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [specify relevant regulated market and, 
if relevant, listing on an official list] with effect 
from [     ].][Not Applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already 
admitted to trading.) 
(b) 
Estimate of the total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[        ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated [insert rating] by [Standard & Poor's 
(Australia) Pty. Ltd. ("S&P") /Moody's Investors 
Service Pty Limited ("Moody's") [and]/ Fitch 
Australia Pty. Ltd. ("Fitch").] [Each of] S&P / 
Moody's [and]/ Fitch is established outside the 
European Economic Area and the United Kingdom 
and has not applied for registration under the 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
"CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of United Kingdom 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”). [Ratings by S&P are endorsed by 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and S&P 
Global Ratings UK Limited[,] /ratings by Moody's 
are endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH and 
Moody's Investors Services Ltd. [and]/ ratings by 
Fitch are endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
and Fitch Ratings Limited, each of which is a credit 
rating 
agency 
established 
in 
the 
European 
Economic Area and registered under the CRA 
Regulation or established in the United Kingdom 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, 
respectively, each in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, as 
applicable.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
of the ratings if this has been previously published 
by the rating provider. Consider including the 
following (to be completed at the time of the 
relevant issuance):  
[[S&P Global Ratings] has, in its [month, year] 
publication “[S&P Global Ratings Definitions]”, 
described a [long-term issue] credit rating of 
[‘AA’] in the following terms: [“An obligation 
rated 
'AA' 
differs 
from 
the 
highest-rated 
obligations only to a small degree. The obligor's 
capacity to meet its financial commitments on the 
obligation is very strong … Ratings from 'AA' to 
'CCC' may be modified by the addition of a plus 
(+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing 
within the rating categories.”.]] [Complete as 
applicable]  
 
[[Moody’s Investors Service] has, in its [month, 
year] 
publication 
“[Rating 
Symbols 
and 
Definitions]”, described a credit rating of [‘Aa’] in 
the following terms: [“Obligations rated Aa are 
judged to be of high quality and are subject to very 
low credit risk … Note: Moody’s appends 
numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic 
rating classification from Aa through Caa. The 
modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the 
higher end of its generic rating category; the 
modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the 
modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of 
that generic rating category.”.]] [Complete as 
applicable].  
 
[[Fitch Ratings] has, in its [month, year] 
publication 
“[Fitch 
Ratings 
Definitions]”, 
described a [long term] credit rating of [‘AA’] in 
the following terms: [“‘AA’ ratings denote 
expectations of very low default risk. They indicate 
very strong capacity for payment of financial 
commitments. This capacity is not significantly 
vulnerable to foreseeable events. Note: Within 
rating categories, Fitch may use modifiers. The 
modifiers "+" or "-" may be appended to a rating 
to denote relative status within major rating 
categories.”]] [Complete as applicable]]]/[The 
Notes to be issued have not been rated.]] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for [any fees/the fees of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the 
[Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes 
has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, 
and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions 
with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See 
[“Use 
of 
Proceeds”] 
in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus/Give details]  
 
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in the Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from 
what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give 
details) 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[        ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes Only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[Not Applicable/        ] 
6. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Notes Only) 
[Not Applicable/Details of historic [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/specify other Reference Rate] 
rates can be obtained from [Reuters]/[Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining 
the details of performance].]  
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[        ] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[        ] 
(c) 
CUSIP: 
[        ] 
(d) 
CFI: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(e) 
FISN: 
[[include code]as updated, as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Available") 
(f) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than The Depository Trust 
Company, 
Euroclear 
Bank 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(s) and 
number(s)]

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
(g) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(h) 
Names and addresses of initial 
Paying Agent(s): 
[        ] 
(i) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[        ] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(a) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(b) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Specify names/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/specify name] 
(d) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/specify name and address] 
(e) 
Whether 
TEFRA 
D 
rules 
applicable or TEFRA rules not 
applicable: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Conditions of the Notes which (subject to amendment) will be incorporated by 
reference into each global Note and will be endorsed upon each definitive Note, in the latter case only 
if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive 
Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each global Note and definitive 
Note. Reference should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final 
Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Queensland Treasury Corporation 
(the "Issuer") pursuant to an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement dated 7 February 2013 as 
supplemented by a Supplemental Agency Agreement dated 5 March 2015, a Second Supplemental 
Agency Agreement dated 25 January 2021 and a Third Supplemental Agency Agreement dated 1 
February 2022 (as further amended, supplemented, novated and/or restated from time to time, the 
"Agency Agreement") and each made inter alia between the Issuer, Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch as agent (the "Agent", which expression shall include any successor agent) and as exchange 
agent (the "Exchange Agent", which expression shall include any successor exchange agent), 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as paying agent (together with the Agent, the "Paying Agents", 
which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), Deutsche Bank 
Luxembourg S.A. as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression shall include any additional or 
successor registrar) and the transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the "Transfer 
Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents). The Notes are 
issued with the benefit of a deed of guarantee dated 12 December 2008 (the "Guarantee") executed by 
the Treasurer on behalf of The Government of Queensland (the "Guarantor") in accordance with the 
approval of the Governor in Council of the State of Queensland. 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global Note"), units of the lowest 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") issued in exchange for a Global Note in 
bearer form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes").  
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, in the case of Notes 
which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for 
further Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue.  Registered Notes and Global Notes do not have 
Coupons or Talons attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. 
The Final Terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final 
Terms attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Conditions.  References to the 
"applicable Final Terms" are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. The expression "Prospectus Regulation" 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
Any reference to "Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the 
Notes are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as 
provided below.  Any reference herein to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons and 
shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have 
the same the terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for 
the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to 
accrue. The expressions "Notes of the relevant Series" and "holders of Notes of the relevant Series" 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (the 
"Deed of Covenant") dated 12 December 2008 and made by the Issuer.  The original of the Deed of 
Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (as defined below). 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit 
of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant and the 
applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. Words and expressions defined in the Agency 
Agreement or defined or set out in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where 
used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided 
that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Final Terms will prevail.   
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for 
inspection or collection during normal business hours at the specified office of the Registrar and each 
Paying Agent and Transfer Agent (together referred to as the “Note Agents”); or (ii) may be provided 
by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to Note Agents and provision of proof 
of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Note Agents).  If the Notes are to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, copies of the applicable Final 
Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). If this 
Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered 
in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder 
holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and 
the relevant Note Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The statements in these 
Conditions are summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
In the Conditions, "euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the "Specified 
Currency") and the denominations (the "Specified Denomination(s)") specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for 
Notes of another Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for 
Registered Notes and vice versa.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, depending 
upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms, or a combination of any of the 
foregoing if any Change of Interest Basis is so specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon 
Notes in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not 
applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery and 
title to the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement.  The Issuer, the Guarantor and any Note Agent will 
(except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof 
(whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or 
notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global 
Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), 
each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being 
shown in the records of Euroclear and/or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a 
particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document 
issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in 
the case of manifest or proven error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with 
respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for 
which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the 
relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Note 
Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to 
the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
For so long as The Depository Trust Company ("DTC") or its nominee is the registered owner 
or holder of a Registered Global Note, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be 
considered the sole owner or holder of the Notes represented by such Registered Global Note 
for all purposes under the Agency Agreement and the Notes except to the extent that in 
accordance with DTC's published rules and procedures any ownership rights may be 
exercised by its participants or beneficial owners through participants. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be.   
Any reference in these Conditions to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, 
whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or 
alternative clearance system specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be 
approved by the Issuer and the Agent, subject to any additional or alternative rules and 
operating procedures of any such alternative clearing system.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants 
and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of 
transferors and transferees of such interests.  A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note 
will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be 
transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered 
Global Note of the same series only in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable 
Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time 
being of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance 
with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement.  Transfers of a Registered 
Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall be limited to transfers of such 
Registered Global Note, in whole but not in part, to another nominee of DTC or to a successor 
of DTC or such successor's nominee. 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the 
Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in 
part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms).  In order to effect 
any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Note for 
registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) 
at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed 
by the holder or holders thereof or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and 
(ii) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer 
Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied 
with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request.  Any such 
transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may 
from time to time prescribe.  Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, 
within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business 
in the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request 
(or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws 
or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its 
specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to 
such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like 
aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) 
transferred.  In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a 
new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered Note not 
transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the 
transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 5, the Issuer shall not be 
required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called 
for partial redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to 
cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the 
registration. 
2.5 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Notes 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder of, or 
of a beneficial interest in, a Regulation S Global Note to a transferee in the United States or 
who is a U.S. person will only be made: 
(a) 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification substantially in the form set out 
in the Schedule of Forms dated 1 February 2022 relating to the Notes, amended as 
appropriate (a "Transfer Certificate"), copies of which are available from the 
specified office of any Transfer Agent, from the transferor of the Note or beneficial 
interest therein to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person whom the 
transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of 
Rule 144A; or  
(b) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt 
by the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, 
which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance 
with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United 
States or any other jurisdiction. 
In the case of (a) above, such transferee may take delivery through a Legended Note in global 
or definitive form and, in the case of (b) above, such transferee may take delivery only 
through a Legended Note in definitive form.  After expiry of the applicable Distribution 
Compliance Period (i) beneficial interests in Regulation S Global Notes registered in the 
name of a nominee for DTC may be held through DTC directly, by a participant in DTC, or 
indirectly through a participant in DTC and (ii) such certification requirements will no longer 
apply to such transfers. 
2.6 
Transfers of interests in Legended Notes 
Transfers of Legended Notes or beneficial interests therein may be made: 
(a) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Global 
Note, upon receipt by the Registrar of a duly completed Transfer Certificate from the 
transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation 
S and that, in the case of a Regulation S Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for DTC, if such transfer is being made prior to expiry of the applicable 
Distribution Compliance Period, the interests in the Notes being transferred will be 
held immediately thereafter through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg; or  
(b) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Legended Note where the 
transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, without certification; or  
(c) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt 
by the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, 
which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance 
with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States,

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United 
States or any other jurisdiction. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Legended Notes, or upon specific request for 
removal of the Legend, the Registrar shall deliver only Legended Notes or refuse to remove 
the Legend, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer such satisfactory 
evidence as may reasonably be required by the Issuer, which may include an opinion of U.S. 
counsel, that neither the Legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required 
to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act. 
2.7 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally 
Holders of Registered Notes in definitive form may exchange such Notes for interests in a 
Registered Global Note of the same type at any time. 
2.8 
Definitions 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
"Distribution Compliance Period" means the period that ends 40 days after the completion of 
the distribution of each Tranche of Notes; 
"Legended Note" means Registered Notes (whether in definitive form or represented by a 
Registered Global Note) sold in private transactions to QIBs in accordance with the 
requirements of Rule 144A; 
"QIB" means a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A; 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
"Regulation S Global Note" means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold outside 
the United States in reliance on Regulation S; 
"Rule 144A" means Rule 144A under the Securities Act;  
"Rule 144A Global Note" means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold in the 
United States or to QIBs; and 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND GUARANTEE 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer, the full faith and credit of which will be pledged for the payment and performance of 
the Notes. At the time of issuance each series of Notes will rank pari passu with all other 
direct and general unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the 
Issuer for borrowed money without any preference granted by the Issuer for one above the 
other by reason of priority of date of issue, currency of payment or otherwise. 
Pursuant to section 15 of the Queensland Treasury Corporation Act 1988, except to the extent 
that it is otherwise provided by the Governor in Council of the State of Queensland, all profits 
made by the Issuer shall accrue to the benefit of the Consolidated Fund of the State of 
Queensland and any losses of the Issuer shall be the responsibility of the Consolidated Fund 
of the State of Queensland.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
By the Guarantee, the Guarantor guarantees the payment when due of all amounts that are or 
may become payable by the Issuer on or in respect of the Notes. The Guarantee is a direct and 
unconditional obligation of the Guarantor. All moneys payable by the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee are a charge upon, and will be paid out of, the Consolidated Fund of the State of 
Queensland which is to the extent necessary appropriated accordingly, and the Guarantee 
ranks pari passu with all of the other unsecured obligations of the State of Queensland. 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
(a) 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date.  
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. 
Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in these Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date. Interest will be paid, in the case of definitive Fixed Rate Notes, 
against surrender of the appropriate Coupons, subject to and in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 6. Interest will cease to accrue on each Fixed Rate Note (or, in the 
case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) on the due date for 
redemption thereof unless payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused in which 
event interest will continue to accrue (as well after as before any judgment) until, but 
excluding, whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Fixed Rate Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the holder of such Fixed Rate 
Note and (ii) the day which is seven days after the date on which the Agent has notified the 
holder thereof (either in accordance with Condition 12 or individually) of receipt of all sums 
due in respect thereof up to that date. 
(b) 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in 
respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) 
Registered Note in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) 
the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes 
(or, in each case, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the 
Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction.  
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount, as applicable to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rate Notes 
which are Registered Notes in definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form)  shall be rounded to the nearest sub-

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive 
form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is 
multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 4.1: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such 
number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-
day months) divided by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing 
on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling 
after, such date);

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, means one cent; and  
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) (each an "Interest Payment Date") in each year 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls in the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date,  
provided, in each case, that if SOFR Delay Compound is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, interest will be payable in arrear on the Delayed Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year (and all references in these Conditions to Interest Payment Date(s) shall, 
where appropriate, be construed accordingly). 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Delayed Interest Payment Date(s)" means the date(s) falling the number of Business Days 
equal to the Interest Payment Delay following each Interest Payment Date; provided that the 
Delayed Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Period will be the Maturity 
Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the notes prior to the Maturity Date, any such earlier 
redemption date; and 
“Interest Payment Delay” means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, "Interest 
Period "means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the 
relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date.  
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
4.2(a)(ii), the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of 
(x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the 
provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above,

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (1) such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (2) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which 
falls in the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(b) 
Interest payments 
Interest will be paid, in the case of definitive Floating Rate Notes against surrender of the 
appropriate Coupons, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 6. Interest 
will cease to accrue on each Floating Rate Note (or, in the case of the redemption of part only 
of a Note, that part only of such Note) on the due date for redemption thereof unless payment 
of principal is improperly withheld or refused in which event interest will continue to accrue 
(as well after as before any judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all 
sums due in respect of such Floating Rate Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of 
the holder of such Floating Rate Note and (ii) the day which is seven days after the date on 
which the Agent has notified the holder thereof (either in accordance with Condition 12 or 
individually) of receipt of all sums due in respect thereof up to that date.  
(c) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(d), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating (i) if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; 
(together, the "ISDA Definitions"), and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (if applicable) is such period as is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(iv) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method is one of the following as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
a. Compounding with Lookback; 
b. Compounding with Observation Period Shift; or 
c. Compounding with Lockout; and  
(v) 
if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, the Index 
Method is Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the ISDA 
Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall be deemed 
to be references to the numbers or other items specified for such purpose in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, the definition of ‘Fallback Observation Day’ in the 
ISDA Definitions shall be deemed to be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the 
following:  
"Fallback Observation Day" means, in respect of a Reset Date and the Calculation Period (or 
any Compounding Period included in that Calculation Period) to which that Reset Date 
relates, the day that is five Business Days preceding the related Payment Date, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2, (A) "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", "Floating 
Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date", Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method, Compounding with Lookback, Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift, Compounding with Lockout, Compounded Index Floating Rate 
Option, Index Method and Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift have 
the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
When this Condition 4.2(d) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest Period: 
(i) 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period will be the Floating Rate determined by 
the Agent or other party specified in the applicable Final Terms in accordance with 
this Condition 4.2(d); and 
(ii) 
the Agent or other party specified in the applicable Final Terms will be deemed to 
have discharged its obligations under Condition 4.2(k) in respect of the determination 
of the Rate of Interest if it has determined the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period in the manner provided in this Condition 4.2(d). 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA or SOFR

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR) which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page 
on that service which displays the information) as at the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five 
or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, 
if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest 
(or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
In the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (i) above, no 
such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (ii) above, fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on 
the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest 
for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable. 
If on any Interest Determination Date to which the second paragraph above applies, one only 
or none of the Reference Banks provides the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and 
at the request of) the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by the Reference Banks 
or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of 
the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro Zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
In this Condition 4.2(e) the expression (i) "Reference Banks" means, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-
zone inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of a Reference Rate that is not 
EURIBOR, the principal office of four major banks in the interbank market of the Relevant 
Financial Centre, in each case selected by the Issuer and/or the Guarantor; and (ii) "Specified 
Time" means 11:00 a.m. Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR. 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA  
A. 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is 
specified as being Compounded Daily SONIA, the Rate of Interest with respect to 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA 
for such Interest Period plus or minus the Margin (if any) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, all as determined and calculated by the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable.  
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
(i) if Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
where: 
"SONIA Compounded Indexx" is the SONIA Compounded Index for the day 
falling p London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period;  
"SONIA Compounded Indexy" is the SONIA Compounded Index for the day 
falling p London Banking Days prior to the last day of such Interest Period 
(but which by its definition is excluded from such Interest Period);  
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant SONIA Observation 
Period;  
provided that if the SONIA Compounded Index required to determine SONIA 
Compounded Indexx or SONIA Compounded Indexy does not appear on the 
Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source, at 
the Specified Time on the relevant London Banking Day (or by 5:00 p.m. 
London time or such later time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
time for publication of the SONIA Compounded Index in accordance with the 
then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of the SONIA 
Reference Rate or relevant authorised distributors, as the case may be), 
Compounded Daily SONIA for such Interest Period and each subsequent 
Interest Period shall be Compounded Daily SONIA determined in accordance 
with paragraph ii below and for these purposes the “Observation Method” shall 
be deemed to be “Shift”; or 
(ii) if either (x) Index Determination is specified as being not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (y) this Condition 4.2(f)(A)(ii) applies to such Interest 
Period pursuant to the proviso in Condition 4.2(f)(A)(i) above, the rate 
determined by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms 
"Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or 
(where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method) the SONIA Observation Period; 
"do" is the number of London Banking Days in (where in the applicable Final 
Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest 
Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method) the SONIA Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is 
specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or (where in 
the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) 
the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
"ni", for any London Banking Day i, is the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such London Banking Day i up to (but excluding) the following 
London Banking Day; 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means: 
(a) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any London Banking Day i falling 
in the relevant Interest Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the 
London Banking Day falling p London Banking Days prior to such 
day; or 
(b) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method, SONIAi-pLBD shall be replaced in the above 
formula with SONIAi, where SONIAi means, in respect of any London 
d
n
SONIA
o 
d 
i
i 
pLBD 
-
i 
365
1
365 
1
1 
×








−
  
 
 



+
∏ 
=
×

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
Banking Day i falling in the relevant SONIA Observation Period, the 
SONIA Reference Rate for such day. 
B. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be:  
(i) 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or the 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin, the 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may 
be) relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period); or 
(ii) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the 
first scheduled Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the first scheduled Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (and applying the Margin and, if 
applicable, any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, 
applicable to the first scheduled Interest Period). 
C. For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(f): 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
"Observation Look-Back Period" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"p" means the number of London Banking Days included in the Observation Look-
Back Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, the 
compounded daily SONIA rate for such London Banking Day as published by the 
Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's 
Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source, at the Specified Time on 
such London Banking Day;  
"SONIA Observation Period" means the period from (and including) the date falling p 
London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period to (but 
excluding) the date falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is 
excluded from such Interest Period); 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day, provided that if, in respect of any 
London Banking Day, the applicable SONIA Reference Rate is not made available on 
the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, then (unless the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable,

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
has been notified of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and any related 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) pursuant to Condition 4.4 
below, if applicable) the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of such London Banking 
Day shall be: 
(I) 
the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 5.00 p.m. 
(or, if earlier, close of business) on such London Banking Day; plus (ii) the 
mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has 
been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and the lowest spread (or, 
if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(II) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, then the SONIA Reference Rate in respect 
of such London Banking Day shall be the SONIA Reference Rate published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which 
the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors); and 
"Specified Time" means 10:00 a.m., London time, or such other time as is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(g) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR 
A. 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the "Reference Rate" is 
specified as being SOFR, the Rate of Interest with respect to each Interest Period will 
be determined and calculated by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as follows: 
i. if SOFR Arithmetic Mean is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest with respect to each Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of the SOFR Reference Rate for each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day during the period, plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, where the 
SOFR Reference Rate on the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date shall be used for the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the period from (and including) the 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date; or 
ii. if SOFR Delay Compound is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest with respect to each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be SOFR-DELAY-COMPOUND plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any); or 
iii. if SOFR Index Compound is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest with respect to each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be SOFR-INDEX-COMPOUND plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any); or 
iv. if SOFR Lockout Compound is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest with respect to each Interest Period will, subject 
as provided below, be SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any); or

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
v. if SOFR Lookback Compound is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest with respect to each Interest Period will, subject 
as provided below, be SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any); or 
vi. if SOFR Shift Compound is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest with respect to each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any); 
For the purpose of this Condition 4.2(g): 
"SOFR Delay Compound" means the rate of return of a daily compounded interest 
investment (with SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards): 
 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0", for any Interest Period, is the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "d0", each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"ni", for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", in the relevant 
Interest Period, is the number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); and 
"SOFRi" means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the 
relevant Interest Period, the SOFR Reference Rate in respect of that day "i"; 
provided that for purposes of calculating the compounded SOFR Reference Rate 
with respect to the final Interest Period, the level of the SOFR Reference Rate for 
each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the period from (and 
including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or 
any earlier redemption date, as applicable, shall be the level of the SOFR 
Reference Rate in respect of such SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date. 
"SOFR-INDEX-COMPOUND" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate 
determined by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the relevant SOFR 
Index Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards):

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
where: 
"dc" is the number of calendar days from and including the SOFR IndexStart date 
to but excluding the SOFR IndexEnd date; 
"p", in relation to any Interest Period, is the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SOFR IndexStart" is the SOFR Index value for the day that is "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
"SOFR IndexEnd" is the SOFR Index value for the day that is "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date 
relating to the relevant Interest Period (each a "SOFR Index Determination 
Date");  
provided that, if the SOFR Index value required to determine SOFR IndexStart or 
SOFR IndexEnd is not published on the associated SOFR Index Determination Date 
and the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent determines that a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have not 
occurred with respect to SOFR on or prior to the Specified Time on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, SOFR-INDEX-COMPOUND means, for the applicable 
Interest Period for which the SOFR Index value is not available, the rate of return on a 
daily compounded interest investment calculated in accordance with the formula for 
“SOFR Averages”, and the definitions required for such formula, published on the 
SOFR Administrator's Website.  For the purposes of this provision, the references in 
the SOFR Averages compounding formula and related definitions to “calculation 
period” shall be replaced with “Observation Period” and the words “that is, 30-, 90-, 
or 180- calendar days” shall be removed.  If the compounded daily SOFR rate 
("SOFRi") does not so appear for any day, "i" in the Observation Period, SOFRi for 
such day “i” shall be SOFR published in respect of the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which SOFR was published on SOFR 
Administrator's Website. 
"SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on each SOFR 
Rate Cut-Off Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards): 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period;

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
"d0", for any Interest Period, is the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
 
i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "d0", each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from (and 
including) the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
 
"ni", for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Period, is the number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day ("i+1");  
 
"SOFRi" means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" that is a 
SOFR Interest Reset Date, the SOFR Reference Rate in respect of such SOFR 
Interest Reset Date, provided, however, that the SOFR Reference Rate with 
respect to each SOFR Interest Reset Date in the period from (and including) the 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the corresponding Interest Payment 
Date of an Interest Period, will be the SOFR Reference Rate with respect to the 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date for such Interest Period; and 
"SOFR Interest Reset Date" means each U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the relevant Interest Period. 
 
"SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
and will be calculated by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on each 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
 
where: 
 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0", for any Interest Period, is the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from (and 
including) the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest 
Period is the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day “i” to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"p", in relation to any Interest Period, is the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms; and

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
"SOFRi-pUSGSBD" means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in 
the relevant Interest Period, the SOFR Reference Rate in respect of the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to that day "i". 
"SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will 
be calculated by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on each Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards): 
 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"d0", for any Observation Period, is the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period means the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"SOFRi" means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the 
relevant Observation Period, SOFR in respect of that day "i"; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first date in such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period; and 
"p" means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
B. 
If a SOFR Benchmark Replacement is required at any time to be used pursuant to 
paragraph (3) of the definition of SOFR Reference Rate, then in connection with 
determining the SOFR Benchmark Replacement: 
i 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent shall also determine the method for 
determining the rate described in sub-paragraph (x) of paragraph (a), (b) or (c) 
of the definition of SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as applicable (including (i) 
the page, section or other part of a particular information service on or source

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
from which such rate appears or is obtained (the "Relevant Source"), (ii) the 
time at which such rate appears on, or is obtained from, the Relevant Source 
(the "Alternative Specified Time"), (iii) the day on which such rate will appear 
on, or is obtained from, the Relevant Source in respect of each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (the "Relevant Date"), and (iv) any alternative method 
for determining such rate if is unavailable at the Alternative Specified Time on 
the applicable Relevant Date), which method shall be consistent with industry-
accepted practices for such rate; 
ii 
from (and including) the Affected Day, references to the Specified Time shall be 
deemed to be references to the Alternative Specified Time; 
iii 
if the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent determines that (i) changes to the 
definitions of Business Day, SOFR, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination 
Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period, Observation Period, SOFR 
Reference Rate or U.S. Government Securities Business Day or (ii) any other 
technical changes to any other provision described in this Condition 4.2, are 
necessary in order to implement the SOFR Benchmark Replacement (including 
any alternative method described in sub-paragraph (iv) of paragraph (i) above) 
as the SOFR Benchmark in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent decides that adoption 
of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent determines that no market practice for 
use of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case may be, determines is 
reasonably necessary), the Issuer and the Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, shall agree without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders to the necessary modifications to these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement in order to provide for the amendment of such definitions or 
other provisions to reflect such changes, subject to any such modification to 
these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement, in the sole opinion of Agent or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, not increasing the obligations or duties, or 
decreasing the rights or protections, of the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, in these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement unless otherwise 
agreed between the Issuer and the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable; 
and 
iv 
the Issuer will give notice or will procure that notice is given as soon as 
practicable to the Agent and the Calculation Agent, as applicable, and to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12, specifying the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement, as well as the details described in paragraph A above and the 
amendments implemented pursuant to paragraph iii above. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.2(g)(B), if in the Agent’s or 
Calculation Agent’s opinion, as applicable, there is any uncertainty as to any 
determination or calculation to be made under this Condition 4.2(g)(B), the Agent or 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the 
Issuer shall direct the Agent or Calculation Agent, as applicable, in writing as to 
which course of action to adopt. If the Agent or Calculation Agent, as applicable, is 
not promptly provided with such direction, and in any event not later than the fifth 
Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, it shall be under no 
obligation to make such calculation or determination until such time as it is provided 
with such direction (and provided further that such direction is provided not later than

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
the fifth Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date) and shall not 
incur any liability for not doing so. 
C. For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(g): 
"Corresponding Tenor" means, with respect to a SOFR Benchmark Replacement, a 
tenor (including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding any 
applicable Business Day Convention) as the applicable tenor for the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means, with respect to any ISDA Fallback Rate, the 
spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that would be 
applied to such ISDA Fallback Rate in the case of derivative transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions that will be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
event with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means, with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark, the 
rate that would apply for derivative transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions 
that will be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to 
the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve System and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the daily 
secured overnight financing rate for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such 
rate (or any successor administrator of such rate); 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or any successor source; 
"SOFR Benchmark" means SOFR, provided that if a SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to SOFR or such other then-current SOFR Benchmark, then "SOFR Benchmark" 
means the applicable SOFR Benchmark Replacement; 
"SOFR Benchmark Replacement" means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the first alternative set forth in the order presented below that can be 
determined by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent as of the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark: 
(a) 
the sum of: (x) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and 
(y) the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(b) 
the sum of (x) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (y) the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment;

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
(c) 
the sum of: (x) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor, provided that, (i) if the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent determines that there is an industry-
accepted replacement rate of interest for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. 
dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time, it shall select such 
industry-accepted rate, and (ii) otherwise, it shall select such rate of interest 
that it has determined is most comparable to the then-current Benchmark, and 
(y) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means, with respect to any SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as of the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark: 
(a) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(c) 
the spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that 
has been selected by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent to be applied 
to the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement in order to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark with such Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement for the 
purposes of determining the SOFR Reference Rate, which spread adjustment 
shall be consistent with any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method 
for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, applied to such 
Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement where it has replaced the then-
current SOFR Benchmark for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at 
such time; 
"SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent" means any person that has been appointed 
by the Issuer to make the calculations and determinations to be made by the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent described herein that may be made by either the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent or the Issuer, so long as such person is a 
leading bank or other financial institution or a person with appropriate expertise, in 
each case that is experienced in such calculations and determinations; 
"SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date" means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect thereto: 
(a) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event, the later of (x) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (y) the date on which the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide the SOFR Benchmark; or

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
(b) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (c) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein. 
If the event giving rise to the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the 
same day as, but earlier than, the Specified Time in respect of any determination, the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the 
Specified Time for such determination; 
"SOFR Benchmark Transition Event" means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect 
thereto: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that such administrator 
has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark, permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark; 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark, the central bank for the 
currency of the SOFR Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark or a court or an 
entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
for the SOFR Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the SOFR Benchmark; or 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that the SOFR 
Benchmark is no longer representative; 
"SOFR Index" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
the compounded daily SOFR rate for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such 
rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website; 
"SOFR Index value" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, the value of the SOFR Index published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such value appears on the by the SOFR Administrator's Website at 
the Specified Time on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
"SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date" means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SOFR Reference Rate" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day:

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
(a) 
a rate equal to SOFR for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
appearing on the SOFR Administrator's Website on or about the Specified 
Time on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately 
following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; or 
(b) 
if SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day does 
not appear as specified in paragraph (1), unless the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent determines that a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
SOFR on or prior to the Specified Time on the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, SOFR in respect of the last U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day for which such rate was published on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website; or 
(c) 
if the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent determines that a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark on or 
prior to the Specified Time on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
immediately following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (or, if 
the then-current SOFR Benchmark is not SOFR, on or prior to the Specified 
Time on the Relevant Date), then (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
paragraph (3)) from (and including) the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day immediately following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(or the Relevant Date, as applicable) (the "Affected Day"), the SOFR 
Reference Rate shall mean, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, the applicable SOFR Benchmark Replacement for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day appearing on, or obtained from, the 
Relevant Source at the Specified Time on the Relevant Date; 
"Specified Time" means 3:00 p.m., New York City time or such other time as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement" means the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day, except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
or any successor organisation recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
D. Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Condition 4.2(g), in the event the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent determines it appropriate, in its sole discretion, to 
consult with an Independent Adviser in connection with any determination to be 
made by the SOFR Benchmark Replacment Agent pursuant to this Condition 4.2(g), 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, for the purposes of any such consultation. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.2(g) shall act in good 
faith in a commercially reasonable manner but shall have no relationship of agency or 
trust with the Noteholders and (in the absence of fraud) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent or the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it or for any

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
advice given to the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent in connection with any 
determination made by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent pursuant to this 
Condition 4.2(g) or otherwise in connection with the Notes. 
If the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent consults with an Independent Adviser as 
to the occurrence of any SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and/or the related SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date, a written determination of that Independent Adviser 
in respect thereof shall be conclusive and binding on all parties, save in the case of 
manifest error, and (in the absence of fraud) the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Agent shall have no liability whatsoever to any Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders in respect of anything done, or omitted to be done, in relation to that 
matter in accordance with any such written determination or otherwise in connection 
with the Notes. 
E. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent pursuant to this Condition 4.2(g), including any determination 
with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of 
an event (including any determination that a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark), circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be made in the sole discretion of 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the above provisions is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. If the applicable 
Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event 
that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
above provisions is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(i) 
Business Day, Interest Determination Date and Relevant Screen Page 
In this Condition, "Business Day" means, unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre (other than 
TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer ("TARGET2") System (the "TARGET2 System") is 
open; and

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
(iii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) and 
settle payments in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (if other than London and any Additional Business Centre) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, 
a day on which the TARGET 2 System is open. 
(j) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amount 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will, at or as soon as practicable after each 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period.  
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of interest (the 
"Interest Amount") payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) 
Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) 
the Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes (or, in each 
case, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the 
Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is a Bearer 
Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable 
in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360;

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:  
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
x
30
Y
(Y
x
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
+
−
=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:  
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
x
30
Y
(Y
x
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
+
−
=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
x
30
Y
(Y
x
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
+
−
=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
(A) that day is the last day of February or (B) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (A) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (B) such number would be 31 in which case D2 will be 30. 
The determination of the Rate of Interest and calculation of each Interest Amount by the 
Agent shall (in the absence of manifest or proven error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(k) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, 
as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer notifies to the 
Agent. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
(l) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable will cause the Rate of Interest and each 
Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified 
to the Issuer and, in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are listed on a stock exchange, that 
stock exchange (in accordance with the rules of that stock exchange) and to be published in 
accordance with Condition 12 as soon as possible but in any event not later than the second 
Business Day after their determination save for the notification to the relevant stock exchange 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are listed on a stock exchange where notice must be 
given as soon as possible and in accordance with the rules of the relevant stock exchange. 
Each Interest Amount and the Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without 
publication as aforesaid in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any 
such amendment will be promptly notified to any stock exchange on which the Notes affected 
thereby is or are for the time being listed. 
(m) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4.2 or Condition 6.7 by the Agent or the Calculation Agent or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case may be, shall (in the absence of negligence, 
recklessness, wilful default, bad faith or manifest or proven error) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Agent, the other Paying Agents, the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent 
and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions.  
4.3 
Zero Coupon Notes, Low Interest (discount) Notes and High Interest (premium) Notes 
Where a Zero Coupon Note, Low Interest (discount) Note or High Interest (premium) Note 
becomes due and repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount 
due and repayable shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as determined in 
accordance with Condition 5.7. As from the Maturity Date any overdue principal of such 
Note shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Amortisation Yield. Such interest 
shall continue to accrue (as well after as before any judgment) until whichever is the earlier of 
(a) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the holder of such Note and (b) the day which is seven days after the date on which 
the Agent has notified the holder thereof (either in accordance with Condition 12 or 
individually) of receipt of all sums due in respect thereof up to that date. Such interest will be 
calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve months of 30 days each and, in 
the case of an incomplete month, the actual number of days elapsed. 
4.4 
Benchmark Discontinuation  
Notwithstanding the provisions in Condition 4.2 above (in the case of Floating Rate Notes 
other than where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
SOFR, in which case the provisions of this Condition 4.4 shall not apply), if the Issuer, acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that a Benchmark Event 
has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to that Original Reference 
Rate, then the Issuer shall notify the Agent and the Calculation Agent, as applicable, of the

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
occurrence of such Benchmark Event and the following provisions of this Condition 4.4 shall 
apply. 
(i) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If there is a Successor Rate, then the Issuer shall promptly, and in any event not later 
than the fifth Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, notify 
the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, and, in accordance with Condition 
12, the Noteholders of such Successor Rate and that Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 4.4(ii)) subsequently be used by the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine 
the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of 
this Condition 4.4). 
If there is no Successor Rate but the Issuer, acting in good faith, in a commercially 
reasonable manner and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which 
may include consultation with an Independent Adviser, determines that there is an 
Alternative Rate, then the Issuer shall promptly, and in any event not later than the 
fifth Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, notify the Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, and, in accordance with Condition 12, the 
Noteholders of such Alternative Rate and that Alternative Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 4.4(ii)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 4.4). 
(ii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If, in the case of a Successor Rate, an Adjustment Spread is formally recommended, 
or formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body, then the Issuer shall promptly, and in any event not later than the fifth Business 
Day prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, notify the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, and, in accordance with Condition 12, the 
Noteholders of such Adjustment Spread and the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, shall apply such Adjustment Spread to the Successor Rate for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a component part thereof) 
by reference to such Successor Rate. 
If, in the case of a Successor Rate where no such Adjustment Spread is formally 
recommended or provided as an option by any Relevant Nominating Body, or in the 
case of an Alternative Rate, the Issuer, acting in good faith, in a commercially 
reasonable manner and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which 
may include consultation with an Independent Adviser, determines that there is an 
Adjustment Spread in customary market usage in the international debt capital 
markets for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), 
then the Issuer shall promptly, and in any event not later than the fifth Business Day 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, notify the Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, and, in accordance with Condition 12, the Noteholders of such 
Adjustment Spread and the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall apply 
such Adjustment Spread to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable).  
If no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available) by any 
Relevant Nominating Body, or the Issuer so determines that there is no such 
Adjustment Spread in customary market usage in the international debt capital 
markets and the Issuer further determines, acting in good faith, in a commercially 
reasonable manner and following consultation with an Independent Adviser, that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be), then the Adjustment Spread shall be: 
(1) 
the Adjustment Spread determined by the Issuer, acting in good faith, in a 
commercially reasonable manner and following consultation with an 
Independent Adviser, as being the Adjustment Spread recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be); or  
(2) 
if there is no such industry standard recognised or acknowledged, such 
Adjustment Spread as the Issuer, acting in good faith, in a commercially 
reasonable manner and following consultation with an Independent Adviser, 
determines to be appropriate, having regard to the objective, so far as is 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, of reducing or eliminating any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result 
of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
Following any such determination of the Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall 
promptly, and in any event not later than the fifth Business Day prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, notify the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
and, in accordance with Condition 12, the Noteholders of such Adjustment Spread and 
the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall apply such Adjustment 
Spread to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a component part thereof) 
by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable).  
(iii) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 4.4 and the Issuer, acting in good faith, in a 
commercially reasonable manner and by reference to such sources as it deems 
appropriate, which may include consultation with an Independent Adviser, determines 
in its discretion (A) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments") and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer 
shall, without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these 
Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice, subject to the Issuer 
having to give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 and 
any Benchmark Amendments, in the sole opinion of Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, not increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or 
protections, of the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in these Conditions

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
and/or the Agency Agreement unless otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.4, if in the Agent’s or 
Calculation Agent’s opinion, as applicable, there is any uncertainty as to any 
determination or calculation to be made under this Condition 4.4, the Agent or 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the 
Issuer shall direct the Agent or Calculation Agent, as applicable, in writing as to 
which course of action to adopt. If the Agent or Calculation Agent, as applicable, is 
not promptly provided with such direction, and in any event not later than the fifth 
Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, it shall be under no 
obligation to make such calculation or determination until such time as it is provided 
with such direction (and provided further that such direction is provided not later than 
the fifth Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date) and shall not 
incur any liability for not doing so. 
In connection with any such modifications in accordance with this Condition 4.4(iii), 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to trading and listed on the official list of a 
stock exchange, the Issuer shall comply with the rules of that stock exchange.  
Any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4.4(iii) shall be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
and, in accordance with Condition 12, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of such Benchmark Amendments. 
(iv) 
Independent Adviser 
In the event the Issuer is to consult with an Independent Adviser in connection with 
any determination to be made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4.4, the Issuer 
shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, for the purposes of any such consultation. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.4 shall act in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of fraud and wilful 
default) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer or the Noteholders for any 
determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any 
determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4.4 or otherwise in 
connection with the Notes. 
If the Issuer consults with an Independent Adviser as to whether there is an 
Alternative Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread is required to be applied and/or in 
relation to the quantum of, or any formula or methodology for determining such 
Adjustment Spread and/or whether any Benchmark Amendments are necessary and/or 
in relation to the terms of any such Benchmark Amendments, a written determination 
of that Independent Adviser in respect thereof shall be conclusive and binding on all 
parties, save in the case of manifest error, and (in the absence of fraud and wilful 
default) the Issuer shall have no liability whatsoever to the Noteholders in respect of 
anything done, or omitted to be done, in relation to that matter in accordance with any 
such written determination. 
No Independent Adviser appointed in connection with the Notes (acting in such 
capacity), shall have any relationship of agency or trust with the Noteholders. 
(v) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate Provisions

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 4.4, the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Conditions 4.2(b), 
and the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, will continue to apply unless and 
until the Issuer has determined the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be), and any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments and notified the 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in accordance with the relevant 
provisions of this Condition 4.4. 
(vi) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 4.4: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread, or the formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread and the spread resulting from such calculation, which spread may 
in either case be positive or negative and is to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) where the Original Reference Rate is replaced 
with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer 
determines in accordance with this Condition 4.4 is used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets 
for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the 
Notes. 
“Benchmark Event” means the earlier to occur of: 
(1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business 
Days or ceasing to exist or be administered; 
(2) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where 
no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication 
of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to 
such specified date; 
(3) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued, is prohibited from being used or is 
no longer representative, or that its use is subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences or, where such discontinuation, prohibition, restrictions or 
adverse consequences are to apply from a specified date after the making of 
any public statement to such effect, the later of the date of the making of such 
public statement and the date falling six months prior to such specified date; 
and 
(4) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful 
for the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or the Issuer to determine any 
Rate of Interest and/or calculate any Interest Amount using the Original 
Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011, if applicable). 
“Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or other independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense;

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
“Original Reference Rate” means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of determining the 
relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of the Notes 
(provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally specified 
Reference Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has 
been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark 
Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the 
term “Original Reference Rate” shall include any such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate); 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(1) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or 
(2) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (iv) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
5. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
5.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Notes where a Redemption/Payment 
Basis other than 100 per cent. of the nominal amount has been specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), at 100 per cent. of the Calculation Amount per Calculation 
Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note where a Redemption/Payment Basis other than 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount has been specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
at the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in each case in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
5.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 5.8, the Notes of each Series may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole, but not in part, at any time (if the Notes are not Floating Rate Notes) or on any 
Interest Payment Date (if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes), on giving not less than the 
minimum period and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the Applicable 
Final Terms in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their 
principal amount or, as the case may be, at the amount calculated in accordance with

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
paragraph 5.8 below, together with (in the case of Notes other than Floating Rate Notes or 
Zero Coupon Notes) interest accrued up to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, if 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 7 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Australia 
or any State or Territory in Australia or any political sub-division or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such 
laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given in respect of any Series of Notes 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes of that Series then due. 
5.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may (subject to paragraph 
5.5 below), at any time (if the Notes are not Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes) at its option, on giving not less than the minimum 
period and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the Applicable Final 
Terms to the holders of Notes of each relevant Series (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption) in accordance with Condition 12, redeem all or 
some only of the Notes of such Series then outstanding on the Optional Redemption Date(s) 
and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the 
event of a redemption of some only of such Notes, such redemption must be for the Minimum 
Redemption Amount or a Higher Redemption Amount, both as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of such Notes, Notes to be redeemed will be 
selected individually by lot in such place as the Agent may approve and in such manner as the 
Agent shall deem to be appropriate and fair (without involving any part only of a Note) not 
less than 45 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and a list of such Notes called for 
redemption will be published in accordance with Condition 12 not less than 30 days prior to 
such date. 
5.4 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms subject to paragraph 5.5 below, upon 
any Noteholder giving to the Issuer in the manner described below not less than the minimum 
period and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the Applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice (subject, in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes, as provided below) redeem in whole (but not in part) the Notes on the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. Registered Notes may be redeemed under this Condition 5 in any multiple of 
their lowest Specified Denomination.  To exercise the right to require redemption of this 
Note, the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in definitive form and held outside 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
(in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time 
during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar, 
falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as 
the case may be, the Registrar (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank 
account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to 
be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount 
thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so 
surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the 
balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 2.  If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must be

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this 
Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, to exercise the right to require redemption of 
this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC (which may include notice being given on their 
instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any depositary for them to the 
Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and DTC from time to time and, if this Note is represented by a Global Note, at 
the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global Note to the Principal 
Paying Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this 
Condition 5.4 shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event 
of Default has occurred and, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to 
the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 5.4 and instead to declare 
such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 8. 
5.5 
Final Terms 
These Final Terms applicable to the Notes of each Series will indicate that either (a) such 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their Maturity Date (except as provided in paragraph 5.2 
above) or (b) that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the holders 
of such Notes prior to such Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of paragraph(s) 
5.3 and/or 5.4 above. Notes may not be redeemed in whole or in part (other than pursuant to 
paragraph 5.2 above) prior to the expiry of any minimum period or after the expiry of any 
maximum period required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body, 
however called) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Specified Currency or the Issuer. 
5.6 
Purchase 
The Issuer may at any time purchase or otherwise acquire Notes in the open market or 
otherwise. Notes purchased or otherwise acquired by the Issuer may be held or resold or, at 
the discretion of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation (together with 
(in the case of definitive Notes) any unmatured Coupons attached thereto or purchased 
therewith).  
5.7 
Zero Coupon Notes, Low Interest (discount) Notes and High Interest (premium) Notes 
(a) 
The amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, Low Interest (discount) Note or 
High Interest (premium) Note upon redemption of such Note pursuant to paragraphs 5.2, 5.3 
or 5.4 above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 8 shall be the 
"Amortised Face Amount" (calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(b) 
Subject to the provisions of (c) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any Zero Coupon Note, 
Low Interest (discount) Note or High Interest (premium) Note shall be the sum of (i) the 
Reference Price and (ii) the aggregate amortisation of the difference between the Reference 
Price and the nominal amount of the Note from, and including, the Issue Date to, but 
excluding, the date on which the Note becomes due and repayable at a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield compounded annually. Where 
such calculation is to be made for a period other than a full year, it shall be made on the basis

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
of the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365). 
(c) 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, Low Interest (discount) Note or 
High Interest (premium) Note upon redemption of such Note pursuant to paragraphs 5.2, 5.3 
or 5.4 above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 8 is not paid 
when due, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount of such Note calculated pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) above, except that such sub-
paragraph shall have effect as though the reference therein to the date on which the Note 
becomes due and repayable were replaced by a reference to the date (the "Reference Date") 
which is the earlier of (i) the date on which all sums due in respect of the Note up to that day 
are received by or on behalf of the holder thereof and (ii) the date on which the Agent has 
notified the holder thereof (either in accordance with Condition 12 or individually) of receipt 
of all sums due in respect thereof up to that date. The calculation of the Amortised Face 
Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph will continue to be made, after as well as 
before judgment, until the Reference Date unless the Reference Date falls on or after the 
Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and repayable shall be the nominal amount of 
such Note together with any interest which may accrue in accordance with Condition 4.3. 
5.8 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purposes of paragraph 5.2 above and Condition 8 and unless otherwise indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms:  
(a) 
each Fixed Rate Note or Floating Rate Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note, Low 
Interest (discount) Note and High Interest (premium) Note) will be redeemed at an 
amount (the "Early Redemption Amount") equal to the Final Redemption Amount in 
the relevant Specified Currency together with, in the case of a Fixed Rate Note, 
interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption; and  
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note, Low Interest (discount) Note or High Interest (premium) 
Note will be redeemed at the Amortised Face Amount of such Note determined in 
accordance with paragraph 5.7 above. 
5.9 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed shall be, and all Notes purchased or otherwise acquired as aforesaid may 
at the option of the Issuer be, cancelled (together, in the case of definitive Notes, with all 
unmatured Coupons presented therewith) and thereafter may not be re-issued or re-sold.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
6. 
PAYMENTS AND EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
6.1 
Method of Payment 
Except as provided below, payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will (subject as 
provided below) be made at the option of the bearer either by a cheque in the Specified 
Currency drawn on, or by transfer to an account in the Specified Currency maintained by the 
payee with, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency 
(which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be 
Sydney and Auckland, respectively). Payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a 
euro account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by 
the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque. 
6.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) 
be made in the manner provided in paragraph 6.2 above only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer 
Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United 
States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined 
below)) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining 
thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on 
exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon 
(or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such 
missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from 
the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the 
expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 9) 
or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, 
but in no event thereafter.   
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no 
further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer 
form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange 
for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof.  A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate 
Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal 
amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note 
shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate 
amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such 
Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only 
against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
in bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in 
relation to definitive Bearer Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant 
Global Note against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States.  A record of each payment 
made against presentation or surrender of any Global Note in bearer form, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global 
Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented and such record shall be prima facie 
evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
6.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will 
be made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the 
Paying Agents.  Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as 
defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note 
appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar (the 
"Register") (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a 
day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the 
relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third 
business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city 
where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date.  
Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if a holder does not have a Designated Account, 
payment will instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated 
Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, "Designated Account" means the account 
(which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-
resident account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the 
Register and "Designated Bank" means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other 
than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency 
(which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be 
Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which 
processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will 
be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by 
uninsured mail on the business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is 
located immediately preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named joint 
holder) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close 
of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive 
form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a 
business day) before the relevant due date (the "Record Date") at his address shown in the 
Register on the Record Date and at his risk.  Upon application of the holder to the specified 
office of the Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the specified office 
of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of a 
Registered Note, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner 
provided in the preceding paragraph.  Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to 
relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) in respect of

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
the Registered Notes which become payable to the holder who has made the initial 
application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such 
holder.  Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption will be 
made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay 
in receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted 
in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the 
post.  No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in 
respect of any payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Note 
in respect of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid 
by transfer by the Registrar to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the Exchange 
Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for 
any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership 
interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any 
records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
6.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
Payments in respect of the Notes will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and 
regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 7. 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to 
the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the 
persons shown in the records of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of 
a particular nominal amount of Notes must look solely to DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or 
to the order of, the holder of the relevant Global Note. No person other than the holder of a 
Global Note shall have any claim against the Issuer in respect of any payments due on that 
Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments of interest in U.S. dollars may be made at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent in the United States if (1) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment at such specified offices 
outside the United States of the full amount of interest on the Notes in the manner provided 
above when due, (2) payment of the full amount of such interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions and (3) such payment is then permitted under United States law without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
6.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day 
in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
any such delay. In this Condition 6 "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to 
Condition 9) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of 
presentation; and 
(ii) 
in any Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; 
(c) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any 
sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET 2 System is open; and  
(d) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Registered Global Note denominated in a 
Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name of DTC or its 
nominee and in respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with an interest in such 
Registered Global Note) has not elected to receive any part of such payment in a 
Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars, a day on which commercial banks are not 
authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed in New York City. 
6.7 
RMB Currency Event 
If "RMB Currency Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms and a RMB Currency 
Event, as determined by the Issuer acting in good faith, exists on a date for payment of any 
amount in respect of any Note or Coupon, the Issuer's obligation to make a payment in RMB 
under the terms of the Notes may be replaced by an obligation to pay such amount in the 
Relevant Currency converted using the Spot Rate for the relevant Determination Date.  
Upon the occurrence of a RMB Currency Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 stating the occurrence of the 
RMB Currency Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto.  
In this Condition and unless stated otherwise in the Final Terms:  
"Determination Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in 
Brisbane, Hong Kong, London and New York City;  
"Determination Date" means the day which is two Determination Business Days before the 
due date of the relevant payment under the Notes;

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including 
the central bank) of Hong Kong;  
"Relevant Currency" means U.S. dollars or such other currency as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
"RMB Currency Events" means any one of RMB Illiquidity, RMB Non-Transferability and 
RMB Inconvertibility;  
"RMB Illiquidity" means the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid 
as a result of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient RMB in order to make a payment 
under the Notes, as determined by the Issuer in a commercially reasonable manner following 
consultation by such Issuer with two independent foreign exchange dealers of international 
repute active in the RMB exchange market in Hong Kong;  
"RMB Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the 
Issuer to convert any amount due in respect of the Notes into RMB on any payment date at 
the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due 
solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event 
beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation);  
"RMB Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for 
the Issuer to deliver RMB between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside 
Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong (including where the RMB clearing and 
settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong is disrupted or suspended), other than 
where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule 
or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is 
enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible for 
the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
and  
"Spot Rate" means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the spot 
CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with Renminbi in the over-
the-counter Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement in two Determination 
Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong 
time) on the Determination Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page 
TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to 
Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the rate taking into consideration all available information which the Calculation 
Agent deems relevant, including pricing information obtained from the Renminbi non-
deliverable exchange market in Hong Kong or elsewhere and the CNY/U.S. dollar exchange 
rate in the PRC domestic foreign exchange market.  
6.8 
RMB account 
All payments in respect of any Note or Coupon in RMB will be made solely by credit to a 
RMB account maintained by the payee at a bank in Hong Kong or such other financial 
centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms as RMB Settlement Centre(s) in 
accordance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to time

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
(including all applicable laws and regulations with respect to the settlement of Renminbi in 
Hong Kong or any relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s)).  
6.9 
Exchange of Talons 
If the due date for redemption of any interest bearing Note in definitive form is not a due date 
for the payment of interest relating thereto, interest accrued in respect of such interest bearing 
Note from (and including) the last preceding due date for the payment of interest (or from the 
Issue Date or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be) will be paid only against 
surrender of such Note. 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office outside Australia of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further coupon sheet 
including (if such further coupon sheet does not include Coupons to, and including, the final 
date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further 
Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9. Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these 
Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon 
comprised in the relative coupon sheet matures. 
6.10 
Note Agents 
The names of the initial Agent and the other initial Paying Agents and their initial specified 
offices are set out below. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided 
that it will, so long as any of the Notes is outstanding, maintain (a) an Agent, (b) a Registrar, 
(c) a Paying Agent (which may be the Agent) having a specified office in a leading financial 
centre in Europe, (d) a Transfer Agent (which may be the Agent) having a specified office in 
a leading financial centre in Europe, (e) so long as any Notes are listed or admitted to trading 
on any stock exchange, there will be at all times a Paying Agent and a Transfer Agent having 
a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant 
stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) and (f) so long as any Registered Global 
Note is registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, an Exchange Agent. In addition, the 
Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in 
the circumstances described in paragraph 6.5 above. Any such variation, termination or 
change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency or of an Agent or Paying 
Agent (in each case that is an FFI) failing to become or ceasing to be a Participating FFI, 
when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 days' prior notice thereof shall 
have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 and provided further that 
neither the resignation nor the removal of the Agent or the Registrar shall take effect, except 
in the case of insolvency as aforesaid, until a new Agent or, as the case may be, Registrar has 
been appointed. Notice of any change in or addition to the Paying Agents or their specified 
offices will be published by the Issuer promptly in accordance with Condition 12.  
In this Condition: 
"FFI" means a "foreign financial institution" as such term is defined pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (the "Code") and any regulations 
thereunder or any official interpretations thereof; and 
"Participating FFI" means an FFI that, as from the effective date of any rules requiring 
withholding on "passthru payments" (as such term is defined pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code and any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof), 
meets the requirements of Section 1471(b) of the Code and any regulations or other official

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
guidance issued thereunder and that has not elected to be withheld upon pursuant to Section 
1471(b)(3) of the Code. 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments by the Issuer of, or in respect of, principal of, and any premium and interest on, 
the Notes will be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of the Commonwealth of Australia or any political sub-division or 
authority thereof or therein having the power to tax unless the withholding or deduction of the 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer 
or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, will pay the additional amounts as may be necessary in 
order that the net amounts receivable by the Noteholder or Couponholder after the 
withholding or deduction (and after deduction of any additional taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges payable in respect of such additional amounts) shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would have been receivable in respect of 
the Notes or, as the case may be, Coupons, in the absence of the withholding or deduction. 
However, no additional amounts will be so payable for or on account of: 
(a) 
any withholding, deduction, tax, duty, assessment or other governmental charge 
which would not have been imposed but for the fact that the relevant Noteholder or 
Couponholder:  
(i) 
was a resident, domiciliary or national of, or engaged in business or 
maintained a permanent establishment or was physically present in, Australia 
or otherwise had some connection with Australia other than the mere 
ownership of, or receipt of payment under, the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
presented the Note or Coupon for payment in Australia, unless the Note or 
Coupon could not have been presented for payment elsewhere; or  
(iii) 
presented the Note or Coupon more than thirty (30) days after the Relevant 
Date except to the extent that the relevant Noteholder or Couponholder would 
have been entitled to the additional amounts if it had presented the Note or 
Coupon for payment on any day within such period of thirty (30) days; or 
(b) 
any estate, inheritance, gift, sale, transfer, personal property or similar tax, assessment 
or other governmental charge or any withholding or deduction on account of such 
taxes; or 
(c) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge which is payable otherwise than by 
withholding or deduction from payments of (or in respect of) principal of, or any 
premium or interest on, the Note or Coupon; or 
(d) 
any withholding, deduction, tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is 
imposed or withheld by reason of the failure by the relevant Noteholder or 
Couponholder or, if the Note is a Global Note, the relevant beneficial owner thereof 
to comply with a request of the Issuer addressed to such Noteholder, Couponholder or 
beneficial owner, as the case may be, (i) to provide information concerning the 
nationality, residence, identity or address of such Noteholder, Couponholder or 
beneficial owner, as the case may be, or (ii) to make any declaration or other similar 
claim or satisfy any information or reporting requirement, which, in the case of (i) or 
(ii), is required or imposed by a statute, treaty, regulation or administrative practice of 
Australia or any political sub-division or taxing authority thereof or therein as a

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
precondition to exemption from all or part of such withholding, deduction, tax, 
assessment or other governmental charge; or 
(e) 
any combination of items (a), (b), (c) and (d) above. 
In addition, any amounts to be paid on the Notes will be paid net of any deduction or 
withholding imposed or required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into 
pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or 
practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection 
with the implementation of such Sections of the Code, and no additional amounts will be 
required to be paid on account of any such deduction or withholding. 
Furthermore, no additional amounts will be paid with respect to any payment of, or in respect 
of, the principal of, or any premium or interest on, the Notes to any Noteholder, 
Couponholder or beneficial owner, as the case may be, who is a fiduciary or partnership or 
other than the sole beneficial owner of such payment to the extent such payment would, under 
the laws of the Commonwealth of Australia or any political sub-division or authority thereof 
or therein having the power to tax, be treated as being derived or received for tax purposes by 
a beneficiary or settlor with respect to such fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a 
beneficial owner who would not have been entitled to such additional amounts had it been the 
holder of a Note or Coupon. 
The Issuer will not be liable to pay additional amounts to any holder of a Note or Coupon for 
any deduction or withholding on account of any duties or taxes where those duties or taxes 
are imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Commonwealth of Australia by virtue of such 
holder being an associate (as defined in Section 128F of the Income Tax Assessment Act 
1936 of Australia) of the Issuer or as a result of such holder being a party to or participating in 
a scheme to avoid such duties or taxes, being a scheme which the Issuer neither was party to 
nor participated in. 
The "Relevant Date" in respect of any payment means the date on which such payment first 
becomes due or (if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been received by the Agent 
on or prior to such due date) the date on which notice is given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12 that such moneys have been so received. 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal or interest or both in respect of the Notes shall 
be deemed to include (i) a reference to any additional amounts which may be payable under 
this Condition 7, (ii) in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, Low Interest (discount) Notes or High 
Interest (premium) Notes, the Amortised Face Amount and (iii) any premium and any other 
amounts which may be payable in respect of the Notes. 
8. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
8.1 
If any one or more of the following events ("Events of Default") shall have occurred and be 
continuing with respect to any Note(s) of a particular Series: 
(a) 
any principal or interest in respect of any such Note(s) is not paid when due and 
remains unpaid for a period of 30 days; or 
(b) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to perform any other material obligation under such 
Note(s) or the Guarantee and such failure is not remedied within a period of 60 days 
after written notice of that failure is given by any holder of such Note(s) to the Issuer 
at the specified office of the Agent; or

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
(c) 
the Issuer ceases to be a corporation sole constituted by the Under Treasurer of the 
State of Queensland pursuant to the Statutory Bodies Financial Arrangements Act 
1982 under the name and style "The Queensland Government Development 
Authority" as preserved and continued in existence as so constituted as a corporation 
sole under the name and style "Queensland Treasury Corporation" by the Queensland 
Treasury Corporation Act 1988 and the Statutory Bodies Financial Arrangements Act 
1982 of the State of Queensland (or by any statutory modification or amendment of 
either of those Acts) unless the obligations of the Issuer under such Note(s) are 
forthwith assumed by the Guarantor or by a successor statutory body constituted by 
public Act of the State of Queensland and the Guarantee continues to remain in full 
force and effect in respect thereof; or 
(d) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to repay the whole of the principal sum of any of its 
indebtedness for borrowed money being in excess of U.S.$10,000,000 (or the 
equivalent thereof in any other currency) within 30 days of the date on which it 
becomes due and payable or fails to repay the whole of the principal sum of any 
indebtedness for borrowed money being in excess of U.S.$10,000,000 (or the 
equivalent thereof in any other currency) under any guarantee given by it in respect 
thereof within 30 days of the date on which it becomes due and payable under that 
guarantee; or 
(e) 
the Guarantee ceases for any reason to be in full force and effect or the holder(s) of 
such Note(s) ceases to be entitled to the full benefit of the Guarantee in accordance 
with its terms and it is not forthwith replaced by another guarantee by the Guarantor 
on substantially the same terms and conditions as the Guarantee or by such other 
security as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement) of the holders of such Notes,  
then in any such case, at the option of any such Noteholder, and upon written demand to the 
Agent at its specified office, the Issuer shall, upon the date that such written demand is 
received by the Agent, unless prior to such date the Issuer shall have cured all Events of 
Default in respect of all such Notes, be bound to repay either (i) all the Notes of the relevant 
Series if represented by a Global Note deposited with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or (ii) such Note(s) in any other circumstances, in each case as provided in 
paragraph 8.2 below. 
8.2 
If the Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes, Low Interest (discount) Notes and High Interest 
(premium) Notes) of any particular Series become due and repayable pursuant to this 
Condition 8, they shall be repayable in accordance with the provisions of Condition 5.8. Zero 
Coupon Notes, Low Interest (discount) Notes and High Interest (premium) Notes will be 
repayable in accordance with Condition 5.7. 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for payment of principal under the Notes (whether in bearer on registered form) shall 
be prescribed upon the expiry of ten years, and claims for payment of interest (if any) in 
respect of the Notes shall be prescribed upon the expiry of five years, in each case from the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) therefor subject to the provisions of Condition 6. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 9 or 
Condition 6 above.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES AND COUPONS 
If any Note (including a Global Note) or Coupon is mutilated, defaced, stolen, destroyed or 
lost it may be replaced at the specified office of the Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or 
Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) on payment by the claimant of 
such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or 
Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders (or the holders of 
Notes of any one or more Series) to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the 
modification by Extraordinary Resolution of the conditions of the Notes of any one or more 
Series. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution shall be one 
or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes (or, 
as the case may be, the Notes of the relevant one or more Series) for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders (or, as the case may be, holders of the Notes of the relevant one or more Series) 
whatever the nominal amount of the Notes (or, as the case may be, the Notes of the relevant 
one or more Series) for the time being outstanding so held or represented, except that at any 
meeting the business of which includes, inter alia, (a) modification of the Maturity Date of 
the Notes (or, as the case may be, the Notes of the relevant one or more Series) or reduction 
or cancellation of the principal amount payable upon maturity or variation of the method of 
calculating the principal amount payable on maturity, (b) reduction of the amount payable or 
modification of the payment date in respect of any interest in respect of the Notes (or, as the 
case may be, the Notes of the relevant one or more Series) or variation of the method of 
calculating the rate of interest in respect of the Notes (or, as the case may be, the Notes of the 
relevant one or more Series), (c) reduction of any Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum 
Rate of Interest, (d) modification of the currency in which payments under the Notes (or, as 
the case may be, the Notes of the relevant one or more Series) and/or the Coupons 
appertaining thereto are to be made, (e) modification or termination of the provisions of the 
Guarantee, (f) modification of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution or 
(g) modification of the provisions of the Agency Agreement concerning this exception, the 
necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than three-quarters, or at any adjourned such meeting not less 
than a clear majority, of the nominal amount of the Notes (or, as the case may be, the Notes of 
the relevant one or more Series) for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at any meeting of Noteholders (or, as the case may be, holders of the Notes of the 
relevant one or more Series) will be binding on all Noteholders (or, as the case may be, 
holders of the Notes of the relevant one or more Series) whether or not they are present at the 
meeting, and on all holders of Coupons appertaining to such Notes.  The Agency Agreement 
contains provisions that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of a majority consisting 
of not less than three-fourths of the votes given will also have effect as an Extraordinary 
Resolution. 
The Agent may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders (or, as 
the case may be, the holders of the Notes or Coupons of the relevant one or more Series), to 
any modification to any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement or the Notes which is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error. Any such 
modification shall be binding on all the Noteholders and the Couponholders (or, as the case 
may be, the holders of the Notes or Coupons of the relevant one or more Series) and, if the

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
Agent so requires, shall be notified to the Noteholders (or, as the case may be, the holders of 
the Notes of the relevant one or more Series) as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance 
with Condition 12. 
12. 
NOTICES 
12.1 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be valid if published (a) in one leading London 
daily newspaper (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, if this is not practicable, 
one other English language daily newspaper with general circulation in the United Kingdom 
as the Issuer may decide and (b) if and for so long as any Bearer Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange (which, if the Bearer Notes are listed or admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be www.bourse.lu) or relevant 
authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by 
those rules. Any notice published as aforesaid shall be deemed to have been given on the date 
of such publication or, if published more than once, on the date of the first such publication. 
Couponholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice 
given to the holders of the Notes of the relative Series in accordance with this Condition. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first 
class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of 
joint holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to 
have been given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered 
Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority 
and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be 
published on the website of the relevant stock exchange (which, if the Registered Notes are 
listed or admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will 
be www.bourse.lu) or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
the place or places required by those rules, in which case such notice will be deemed to have 
been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once, on the date of the 
first such publication. 
12.2 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as all the Global Notes 
for a particular Series are held in their entirety on behalf of DTC and/or Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted, in relation only to such Series, for such publication 
in one leading London daily newspaper or such websites or such mailing as aforesaid the 
delivery of the relevant notice to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
communication by them to the holders of the Notes of the relevant Series. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes of the relevant Series on the 
second day after the day on which the said notice was given to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
12.3 
Notices to be given by any holder of Notes shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst 
any Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notices may be given by a holder of any 
Notes so represented to the Agent via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, in such manner as the Agent, the Registrar, DTC and/or Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg may approve for this purpose.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
13. 
AGENT 
The Agent will act solely as an agent of the Issuer and will not assume any obligations or 
relationships of agency or trust towards or with any Noteholder or Couponholder, except that 
funds received by the Agent for the payment of any sums due in respect of the Notes of any 
Series and the Coupons relating thereto shall be held by it in trust for the relevant Noteholders 
and Couponholders (as the case may be) until the expiration of the relevant period under 
Condition 9. The Agency Agreement contains provisions for the indemnification of the Agent 
and for its relief from responsibility in certain circumstances and entitling it to enter into 
business transactions with the Issuer and any of its subsidiaries without being liable to 
account to any of the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any resulting profit. 
14. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer is at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes ranking equally in all respects (or in all 
respects save for the date and amount of the first payment of interest thereon and the date 
from which interest starts to accrue) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single series with the Notes of a particular Series. 
15. 
SUBSTITUTION 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the holders of the Notes of any Series, be replaced as 
principal debtor under such Notes by a successor statutory body constituted by public Act of 
the State of Queensland, which by the provisions of the Act by which it is constituted assumes 
all of the obligations of the Issuer under such Notes, or by the Guarantor by execution of a 
deed by which it assumes all of such obligations, so long as (a) in either case all necessary 
governmental and regulatory consents and approvals have been obtained for such substitution 
and (b) in the case of substitution by a successor statutory body, the Guarantee of such Notes 
remains in full force and effect and the holders of such Notes remain entitled to the full 
benefit of the Guarantee in accordance with its terms. If and for so long as any Notes are 
listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require (a) a 
prospectus supplement, approved by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall be published by 
any successor Issuer and (b) notice of any substitution in accordance with this Condition 15 
shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12.  
16. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
to enforce any term of this Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
The Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency 
Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. In relation to any legal action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the Coupons ("Proceedings"), 
the Issuer hereby irrevocably submits for the benefit of the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders (including Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with the Notes and the Coupons) to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts 
of England. The Issuer appoints the Trade Commissioner for Europe and Agent-General for 
Queensland at Trade and Investment Queensland, Queensland House, 392 Strand, London

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
WC2R 0LT as its agent in England to receive service of process in any Proceedings in 
England based on any of the Notes or the Coupons. If for any reason such process agent 
ceases to act as such or no longer has an address in England, the Issuer agrees to appoint a 
substitute process agent and to notify the Noteholders of such appointment. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Issuer hereby waives irrevocably any immunity 
from jurisdiction (but not execution or attachment or process in the nature thereof) to which it 
might otherwise be entitled in any action based on the Notes which may be instituted in any 
competent court.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the sale of the Notes will be used to finance the activities of the State of 
Queensland and its Government Bodies. See "Queensland Treasury Corporation". If, in respect of an 
issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations 
and procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg currently in effect. Investors wishing 
to use the facilities of any of DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or of any Alternative 
Clearing System specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the 
Issuer and the Agent are advised to confirm the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant 
clearing system. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any other party to the Agency Agreement will 
have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on 
account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the facilities of any clearing 
system or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. Information in this section has been derived from the Clearing Systems. 
Book-entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York 
Banking Law, a "banking organisation" within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a 
"clearing corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a 
"clearing agency" registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act.  DTC holds securities that 
its participants ("Participants") deposit with DTC.  DTC also facilitates the settlement among 
Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through 
electronic computerised book-entry changes in Participants' accounts, thereby eliminating the need for 
physical movement of securities certificates.  Direct Participants include securities brokers and 
dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations.  DTC is owned 
by a number of its Direct Participants and by the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., the American 
Stock Exchange, Inc. and the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.  Access to the DTC 
System is also available to others such as securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies 
that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or 
indirectly ("Indirect Participants").   
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the 
"Rules"), DTC makes book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose 
behalf it acts with respect to Notes accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system ("DTC Notes") 
as described below and receives and transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes. 
The Rules are on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Direct Participants and Indirect 
Participants with which beneficial owners of DTC Notes ("Owners") have accounts with respect to the 
DTC Notes similarly are required to make book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such 
payments on behalf of their respective Owners.  Accordingly, although Owners who hold DTC Notes 
through Direct Participants or Indirect Participants will not possess Registered Notes, the Rules, by 
virtue of the requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will 
receive payments and will be able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, 
which will receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC's records.  The ownership interest of each 
actual Purchaser of each DTC Note ("Beneficial Owner") is in turn to be recorded on the Direct and 
Indirect Participant's records.  Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of 
their purchase, but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details 
of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect 
Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction.  Transfers of ownership 
interests in the DTC Notes are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of Participants acting 
on behalf of Beneficial Owners.  Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
ownership interests in DTC Notes, except in the event that use of the book-entry system for the DTC 
Notes is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in 
the name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co.  The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their 
registration in the name of Cede & Co. effect no change in beneficial ownership.  DTC has no 
knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC's records reflect only the identity 
of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be 
the Beneficial Owners.  The Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings 
on behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct 
Participants to Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial 
Owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory 
requirements as may be in effect from time to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to Cede & Co.  If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are 
being redeemed, DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct 
Participant in such issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes.  Under its usual 
procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date.  The 
Omnibus Proxy assigns Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose 
accounts the DTC Notes are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the 
Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to DTC.  DTC's practice is to credit 
Direct Participants' accounts on the due date for payment in accordance with their respective holdings 
shown on DTC's records unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not receive payment on the due 
date.  Payments by Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and 
customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or 
registered in "street name", and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the 
Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time.  
Payment of principal and interest to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such 
payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to 
the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct and Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will 
exchange the DTC Notes for definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Participants in 
accordance with their proportionate entitlements and which, if representing interests in a Rule 144A 
Global Note, will be legended as set forth under "Transfer Restrictions". 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect 
Participants, any Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in 
DTC, or otherwise take actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to withdraw its 
Registered Notes from DTC as described below. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the 
clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their 
respective account holders.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services 
including safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities 
and securities lending and borrowing.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
domestic securities markets in several countries through established depository and custodial 
relationships.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between 
their two systems across which their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations.  
Indirect access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear 
through or maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of either system. 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Notes  
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Registered 
Global Note accepted in its book-entry settlement system.  Upon the issue of any such Registered 
Global Note, DTC or its custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective 
nominal amounts of the individual beneficial interests represented by such Registered Global Note to 
the accounts of persons who have accounts with DTC.  Such accounts initially will be designated by 
or on behalf of the relevant Dealer.  Ownership of beneficial interests in such a Registered Global 
Note will be limited to Direct Participants or Indirect Participants, including, in the case of any 
Regulation S Global Note, the respective depositaries of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Ownership of beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC will be shown on, and 
the transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC or its 
nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct Participants 
(with respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Note accepted by 
DTC will be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Note.  In the 
case of any payment in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange 
Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions 
received by it) remit all or a portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of 
interests in the Registered Global Note in the currency in which such payment was made and/or cause 
all or a portion of such payment to be converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable 
Participants' account.  
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in 
accordance with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to 
believe that it will not receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments 
by Participants to beneficial owners of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and customary 
practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the 
responsibility of such Participant and not the responsibility of DTC, the Agent, the Registrar or the 
Issuer. Payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, on Notes to DTC is the 
responsibility of the Issuer.  
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes  
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating 
procedures of the relevant clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require 
that certain persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to 
transfer Notes represented by a Registered Global Note to such persons may depend upon the ability 
to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf 
of Direct Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability 
of a person having an interest in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to 
pledge such Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in the DTC system or otherwise to take 
action in respect of such Notes may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
definitive form.  The ability of any holder of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted 
by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes may be impaired if the proposed transferee 
of such Notes is not eligible to hold such Notes through a direct or indirect participant in the DTC 
system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
"Subscription and Sale" and "Transfer Restrictions", cross-market transfers between DTC, on the one 
hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the 
other, will be effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action 
taken by the Registrar, the Agent and any custodian ("Custodian") with whom the relevant Registered 
Global Notes have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants in 
DTC will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3).  The 
customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC 
participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer.  Because 
there is no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, 
on the other, transfers of interests in the relevant Registered Global Notes will be effected through the 
Registrar, the Agent and the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) 
from the transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the 
designated account for the transferee.  In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement between 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC participants cannot be made on a 
delivery versus payment basis.  The securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and 
arrangements for payment must be made separately. 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures 
designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants 
and accountholders of DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear.  However, they are under no 
obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be 
discontinued or changed at any time. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Agents or any Dealer will 
be responsible for any performance by DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or their 
respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the 
rules and procedures governing their operations and none of them will have any liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Notes 
represented by Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial interests. 
Alternative Clearing System 
The applicable Final Terms may specify an Alternative Clearing System to be applicable to the Notes 
of the relevant Series, may describe the relevant rules and operating procedures of such Alternative 
Clearing System and may specify certain terms and conditions as to the custody or transfer of any 
Global Note or any other relevant matter which shall, to the extent so specified, modify the 
Conditions of the relevant Notes or the provisions of the relevant Global Note.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes in the United States are advised to 
consult legal counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes. 
Each Purchaser of Registered Notes (other than a person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global 
Note with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note) or person wishing to 
transfer an interest from one Registered Global Note to another or from global to definitive form or 
vice versa, will be required to acknowledge, represent and agree as follows (terms used in this 
paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(a) 
that either: (i) it is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the 
account of one or more QIBs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in reliance on 
Rule 144A or (ii) it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person; 
(b) 
that the Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the 
United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Notes have not been and 
will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. State securities 
laws and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons except as set forth below; 
(c) 
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Note and either is a person located 
outside the United States or is not a U.S. person, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or 
otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial interests in the Notes, it will do so, prior to the 
date which is two years after the later of the last Issue Date for the Series and the last date on 
which the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer was the owner of such Notes, only (i) to the 
Issuer or any affiliate thereof, (ii) inside the United States to a person whom the seller 
reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its own account or for the account of a QIB in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (iii) outside the United States in 
compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act, (iv) pursuant to the 
exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available) or 
(v) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in each case in 
accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; 
(d) 
that it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any Purchaser of the Notes from 
it of the resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (c) above, if then applicable; 
(e) 
that Notes initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by one or more 
Rule 144A Global Notes and that Notes offered outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S will be represented by one or more Regulation S Global Notes; 
(f) 
that the Notes, other than the Regulation S Global Notes, will bear a legend to the following 
effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
"THE NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS SECURITY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED 
UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES 
ACT"), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, 
ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES 
OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT AS SET 
FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE.  BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE 
HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" 
(AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("RULE 144A")) 
PURCHASING THE SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS; (B) AGREES THAT IT 
WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE SECURITIES EXCEPT IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND, PRIOR TO THE DATE 
WHICH IS TWO YEARS AFTER THE LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE 
SERIES AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE 
ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH SECURITIES, OTHER THAN (1) TO THE 
ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A 
PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A PURCHASING 
FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF 
RULE 144A, (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 
OR RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (4) PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION 
FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF 
AVAILABLE) OR (5) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND 
ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH 
PERSON 
TO 
WHOM 
THIS 
SECURITY 
IS 
TRANSFERRED 
A 
NOTICE 
SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE 
AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT 
OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR 
REGISTERED 
ADDRESSES, 
TO 
MODIFY 
THE 
RESTRICTIONS 
ON 
AND 
PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO 
REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE 
INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR 
OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY.  THE HOLDER 
OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE 
HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT 
(EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER 
HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES 
ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY 
NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON)."; 
(g) 
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise 
transfer the Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40 
days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date with respect to 
the original issuance of the Notes), it will do so only (i)(A) outside the United States in 
compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act or (B) to a QIB in compliance with 
Rule 144A and (ii) in accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; and it 
acknowledges that the Regulation S Global Notes will bear a legend to the following effect 
unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY 
OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY 
NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE 
AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN AND PURSUANT TO AN 
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
THIS LEGEND SHALL CEASE TO APPLY UPON THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 
DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF ALL THE NOTES OF 
THE TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART."; and 
(h) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall 
promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or 
more accounts it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such 
account and that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations 
and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
No sale of Legended Notes in the United States to any one Purchaser will be for less than 
U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount and no Legended Note will be 
issued in connection with such a sale in a smaller principal amount.  If the Purchaser is a non-bank 
fiduciary acting on behalf of others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least 
U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) Registered Notes.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
QUEENSLAND TREASURY CORPORATION 
In 1982, the State of Queensland (the "State" or "Queensland") established the Queensland 
Government Development Authority as a corporation sole constituted by the Under Treasurer 
pursuant to the Statutory Bodies Financial Arrangements Act 1982 to act as a central borrowing 
authority for the State. The powers of that statutory body were expanded in 1988 and the name 
changed to Queensland Treasury Corporation ("Corporation") pursuant to the Queensland Treasury 
Corporation Act 1988 (the "Act"). 
Under the Act, the Corporation has as its statutory objectives: 
(a) 
to act as a financial institution for the benefit of and the provision of financial resources and 
services to statutory bodies (as defined in the Act) and the State; 
(b) 
to enhance the financial position of the Corporation, other statutory bodies and the State; and  
(c) 
to enter into and perform financial and other arrangements that in the opinion of the 
Corporation have as their objective:  
(i) 
the advancement of the financial interests of the State;  
(ii) 
the development of the State or any part thereof; or  
(iii) 
the benefit of persons or classes of persons resident in or having or likely to have an 
association with Queensland.  
In furtherance of these objectives, the Act also provides that the Corporation has the following 
functions:  
(a) 
to borrow, raise or otherwise obtain financial accommodation in Australia or elsewhere for 
itself, statutory bodies or other persons;  
(b) 
to advance money or otherwise make financial accommodation available;  
(c) 
to act as a central borrowing and capital raising authority for the statutory bodies of the State;  
(d) 
to act as agent for statutory bodies in negotiating, entering into and performing financial 
arrangements;  
(e) 
to provide a medium for the investment of funds of the Treasurer of the State, statutory bodies 
or any other persons; and  
(f) 
to manage or cause to be managed the Corporation's financial rights and obligations.  
As at 30 June 2021, the Corporation had assets totalling A$169.557 billion and liabilities totalling 
A$168.965 billion (compared to total assets of A$149.626 billion and total liabilities of A$149.099 
billion as at 30 June 2020). The Corporation has two reporting segments. The Capital Markets 
Operations segment is responsible for providing debt funding, liability management, cash 
management and financial risk management advice to its public sector clients, while the State 
Investment Operations, previously known as the Long Term Assets segment holds portfolios of assets 
which are held to fund the superannuation, other long-term obligations of the State as well as to 
support other state initiatives.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
The Capital Markets Operations segment had assets totalling A$131.743 billion and liabilities of 
A$131.150 billion as at 30 June 2021 (compared to assets of A$123.409 billion and liabilities of 
A$122.882 billion as at 30 June 2020). In relation to the State Investment Operations segment, 
previously known as the Long Term Assets segment, assets totalled A$37.815 billion and liabilities 
totalled A$37.815 billion as at 30 June 2021 (compared to assets of A$26.217 billion and liabilities of 
A$26.217 billion as at 30 June 2020). 
The financial statements of the Corporation comprise the Statement of Comprehensive Income, 
Balance Sheet, Statement of Changes in Equity, Statement of Cash Flows and Notes to and forming 
part of the Financial Statements. 
Organisation and Structure of the Corporation 
The Queensland Treasury Corporation Capital Markets Board (the "Board") was established under 
section 10 of the Act to determine and implement ongoing strategies for capital market operations. 
The present Under Treasurer of the State is Mr Leon Allen. 
The powers, functions and duties of the Under Treasurer (save for those relating to State Investment 
Operations segment – see below) have been delegated to the Board. Members of the Board are 
appointed by the Governor in Council of the State and are not employees of the Corporation. The 
current Chairman of the Board is Mr Gerard Bradley. 
The Chief Executive of the Corporation is Philip Noble. The senior management structure includes 
four Managing Directors namely Grant Bush, Mark Girard, Jane Keating and Rupert Haywood 
covering Funding and Markets, Client Advisory, Finance, Data and Compliance and Corporate 
Services respectively. Grant Bush is the Deputy Chief Executive. 
The business address of the Corporation and the Board is Level 31, 111 Eagle Street, Brisbane, 
Queensland 4000 and the contact phone number is (+61) 7 3842 4600. No director has any actual or 
potential conflicts of interest between his or her duties to the Corporation and his or her private 
interest or other duties which have not been declared and managed.  
The website of the Issuer is https://www.qtc.com.au/.  
Borrowing and Lending Activities of the Corporation 
With respect to borrowings, the Corporation raises funds in domestic and international capital markets 
primarily for on-lending to Queensland Government bodies, which include statutory bodies and 
authorities, government departments, government owned corporations and local governments 
("Government Bodies" or "clients").   
At 30 June 2021, the total borrowings of the Corporation were A$133.576 billion (A$113.189 billion 
in market value). This amount included debt issued under overseas funding programmes equivalent to 
A$3.587 billion based on the prevailing rates of exchange at 30 June 2021. All foreign currency 
borrowings are fully hedged back to Australian dollars by way of cross currency swaps and exchange 
contracts. The Capital Market Operations segment recorded a profit after tax of A$115.7 million for 
the year ended 30 June 2021 compared to A$66.9 million for the year ended 30 June 2020. 
The repayment of principal and the payment of interest on all A$ bonds (which, for purposes of the 
Act and certain other purposes, have been and are identified as "Inscribed Stock") issued by the 
Corporation under the domestic A$ bond programme is unconditionally guaranteed by the Treasurer 
on behalf of the Government of Queensland pursuant to section 32 of the Act. In relation to all other 
liabilities of the Corporation, section 33 of the Act provides that the Treasurer on behalf of the

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
Government of Queensland may guarantee with the approval of the Governor in Council the 
performance of the Corporation's obligations under any financial arrangements entered into by the 
Corporation. Pursuant to this provision, all offshore bond, medium term note and commercial paper 
programmes and issuance undertaken by the Corporation have been guaranteed by the Treasurer. 
Furthermore, all amounts lawfully payable by the Corporation to its counterparties under relevant 
ISDA arrangements are guaranteed by the Treasurer pursuant to a deed of guarantee issued under 
section 33 of the Act.  
The Corporation's borrowing and lending functions are separated. This separation is with a view to the 
Corporation borrowing in the markets in an orderly manner and, at the same time, reduces the likely 
negative impact on the Corporation's interest rates of borrowing large amounts to meet funding 
requirements when funds are required by clients.  
Surplus borrowings are held to manage the Corporation's refinancing risk, clients' interest rate risk, 
and to manage the Corporation's liquidity risk. To ensure the Corporation has high levels of liquidity, 
these surpluses are held in funding pools with highly liquid investments being made with high quality 
credit counterparties.  
As at 30 June 2021, the Corporation's on-lendings to its clients totalled A$104.611 billion of which 
A$28.609 billion was to government owned corporations. 
State Investment Operations 
 
Separate from the Capital Market Operations segment, the Corporation holds two portfolios of assets 
that were transferred from the Queensland Government under administrative arrangements. These 
assets are held in unit trusts managed by QIC Limited. The Corporation issued the State a fixed rate 
note for each portfolio in return for the assets transferred under these arrangements. These two 
portfolios, the Long Term Assets portfolio and the Queensland Future Fund portfolio, make up the 
Corporation’s State Investment Operations segment.  
 
Recognising the direct relationship between these fixed rate notes and the invested assets of the State 
Investment Operations segment, any difference between the interest paid by the Corporation on the 
fixed rate notes and the return received by the State Investment Operations segment on the invested 
assets is recognised in the financial statements annually as a market value adjustment to the value of 
the fixed rate note. The market value of assets held by the State Investment Operations segment as at 
30 June 2021 totalled A$37.815 billion, which matched the market value of the financial liabilities of 
A$37.815 billion.  
 
The State Investment Advisory Board is responsible for oversight of the invested assets of the State 
Investment Operations segment. This segment does not generate cash flows and has no impact on the 
Corporation’s capital market operations or its ability to meet its obligations. 
Enterprise-wide Risk Management 
The Corporation has an established Enterprise-wide Risk Management framework including 
Enterprise-wide Risk Management policies and procedures. As part of this Enterprise-wide Risk 
Management framework, the Corporation continues to monitor and manage its risks through 
identification of both material and non-material risks. Material risks are those risks that have the 
potential to materially affect the achievement of the Corporation's objectives. Material risks include 
the risk that the corporation cannot access funding to meet debt servicing obligations and client 
borrowing requirements. This risk has the potential to significantly impact the Corporation's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under its funding programmes and facilities.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
To offset the risks associated with the Corporation's inability to access suitable funding markets when 
required, it holds significant levels of highly liquid surplus assets, which can be readily liquidated if 
required. Included in these surplus assets are funds held on account of the Corporation borrowing in 
advance of requirement to fund both the redemption of maturing debt and to fund clients' debt 
financing requirements.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
QUEENSLAND 
General 
Queensland has the second largest land area of the six Australian States and the largest habitable area. 
It occupies the north-eastern quarter of Australia, covering 1.7 million square kilometres, stretching 
from the sub-tropical and densely populated southeast to the tropical, sparsely populated Cape York 
Peninsula in the north. The State's geography and climate are suitable for the production of a wide 
variety of agricultural products, the most important being meat, grains, sugar and cotton. In addition, 
the State has extensive deposits of minerals and gasses (including large reserves of coal and one of the 
world's largest known bauxite deposits), a diverse industrial base, well-developed ports and 
transportation systems and an educated workforce. A land transportation network of approximately 
10,000 kilometres of railway lines and 184,000 kilometres of roads supports the development of the 
State's resources.  
Queensland is the third most populous state in Australia with a population of around 5.2 million 
persons, or 20.3% of Australia's population, as at 30 June 2021. As at 30 June 2020, 72.7% of 
Queensland's population lived in South-East Queensland, an area with warm subtropical climate and a 
developed industrial base. The remainder of the State's population is spread quite widely, making 
Queensland's population the most dispersed of the Australian states.  
Brisbane, the capital of Queensland, with its surrounding metropolitan area has approximately 
2.5 million persons. There are nine other population centres in Queensland with over 50,000 persons.  
Government of Queensland 
The Commonwealth of Australia ("Australia" or the "Commonwealth") was formed as a federal union 
on 1 January  1901, when the six British colonies of New South Wales, Victoria, Queensland, South 
Australia, Western Australia and Tasmania were united as states in a federation. In addition to the six 
states, Australia has a number of territories including the Northern Territory and the Australian 
Capital Territory, the latter containing the nation's capital of Canberra. 
The federal Parliament can make laws only on certain matters. These include international and inter-
state trade; foreign affairs; defence; immigration; taxation; banking; insurance; marriage and divorce; 
currency and weights and measures; post and telecommunications; and invalid and old age pensions. 
On some matters the Commonwealth is given exclusive powers and as such, the states are unable to 
legislate in these areas. On other matters, the Commonwealth and the states have concurrent powers, 
whereby both the Commonwealth and the states may legislate. The states retain legislative powers 
over matters not specifically listed in the Constitution. In cases of conflict in areas where the 
Commonwealth and states have concurrent powers to make laws, Commonwealth law has priority and 
the state law is invalid to the extent of any inconsistency. 
State powers include control over education, public health, police and justice, transport, roads and 
railways, industry, mining and agriculture, public works, ports, forestry, electricity, gas, and water 
supply and irrigation.  
While Queensland has autonomy and control in respect of those functions which are its constitutional 
responsibility, it forms a part of the Commonwealth and in many important respects its economic 
performance and prospects are closely interrelated with those of Australia as a whole. In particular, 
primary responsibility for overall economic management in Australia rests with the Australian 
Government. For example, the Australian Government has responsibility for national budget policy, 
fiscal policy, and external policy. In addition, while most wage rates have been traditionally centrally

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
determined through Federal and state conciliation and arbitration tribunals, legislation over the last 
two decades underpins a move away from central wage fixation toward enterprise based agreements.  
Legislative powers in Queensland are vested in the State Parliament, which consists of a single 
chamber, the Legislative Assembly, elected by the compulsory vote of all persons 18 years of age or 
over, for a term not exceeding three years.  
The most recent State election was held in October 2020. The Australian Labour Party was returned to 
Government for a third term after winning 52 seats (of a 93 seat parliament) to form an outright 
majority. The current Premier is the Honourable Annastacia Palaszczuk, who entered the State 
Parliament in 2006. The next State election is due to be held in October 2024, following the recent 
commencement of fixed four-year terms.  
The executive power of the State is formally exercised by the Governor of Queensland (the 
"Governor"), who is the representative of the Crown and is advised by the Executive Council. The 
Executive Council is comprised of the Governor and the Ministry. The Ministers are members of the 
party or coalition of parties which command the support of a majority in the Legislative Assembly. 
Including the Premier, there are at present a total of 18 Ministers. In practice, the executive power of 
the State is exercised by the Cabinet (which in Queensland, consists of all Ministers) with the 
decisions of the Cabinet being formally ratified by the Governor when necessary. As is the case 
federally, it is a well-established convention that, except in extraordinary circumstances, the Governor 
acts on the advice of the Cabinet.  
The authority of Queensland's Parliament is required for the raising of all state revenues and for all 
state expenditures. The State's accounts (including the accounts of the Corporation) are audited on a 
continuing basis by the State's Auditor-General, who is an appointee of the Governor in Council and 
who reports annually to the Queensland Parliament on each year's financial operations.  
Each Minister is responsible to Parliament for the operation of one or more Government departments, 
as well as any associated statutory authorities. Departments are staffed by independent public servants 
with each department having a Director-General who, under the Financial Accountability Act 2009, is 
responsible for the financial administration of the funds provided by Parliament for use by that 
department.  
The State judicial system operates principally through the Land Court, Children's Court, Magistrates 
Court, the District Court, the Supreme Court and the Queensland Civil and Administrative Tribunal. 
The Court of Appeal is a division of the Supreme Court. The judiciary in Queensland is appointed by 
the Crown, as represented by the Governor, acting upon the advice of the Cabinet.  
A number of separate entities have been established in Queensland under special Acts of Parliament 
to carry out particular functions or to provide specific community services. These entities are 
variously referred to as "Statutory Authorities", "Statutory Bodies", "Semi-Government Authorities", 
"Local Authorities", "Local Governments", "Government Owned Corporations" or "public 
enterprises".

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
QUEENSLAND ECONOMY  
Overview 
Queensland has a modern, vibrant economy, supported by a diverse range of industries, including 
agriculture, resources, construction, tourism, manufacturing and services. 
Over the past two decades, Queensland’s economic growth has generally exceeded the national 
average. Following the resources investment boom and associated ramp-up in liquefied natural gas 
("LNG") exports in recent years, economic growth is expected to be more wide-ranging and largely in 
line with national growth in coming years. 
More recently, the Queensland economy has battled with the impacts of the global COVID-19 
pandemic, with outbreaks and related restrictions on activity in Australia and many other countries 
leading to a severe deterioration in the national and international economic outlooks. 
However, Queensland’s comparatively strong health response has meant the State’s economic 
recovery has been a standout amongst Australia’s states and territories, as well as other peer 
economies internationally. Domestic activity and employment have rebounded strongly as restrictions 
have progressively been unwound. 
Agriculture, forestry and fishing is a vital part of Queensland’s diverse economy and an important 
part of the State’s heritage, particularly in rural and regional areas. The bulk of Queensland’s 
agricultural commodities are produced for export, providing a significant contribution to foreign 
earnings. 
Queensland has well developed coal and minerals industries, and the LNG industry has recently seen 
rapid expansion and transformation into a major international export sector. The State's coal and 
bauxite reserves are among the largest in the world, generally of high grade and easily accessible.  
Queensland is the world’s largest seaborne exporter of metallurgical coal (used to produce steel), with 
a large proportion of the State’s coal currently produced from the Bowen Basin. A wide variety of 
minerals are produced in Queensland, with bauxite, copper, zinc, lead, silver and gold being the most 
common. The largest concentration of minerals mines is in the region surrounding Mount Isa. 
While Queensland’s natural gas industry has been operating since the 1960s, the development of coal 
seam gas extraction and the significant investment in LNG plants at Gladstone has opened the sector 
up to major export markets in Asia. Valued at A$9.5 billion in 2020-21, LNG has become 
Queensland’s second most valuable commodity export after metallurgical coal. 
Most of the resources produced in Queensland are used overseas. Overseas exports of coal, LNG and 
minerals accounted for around three-quarters of Queensland’s international merchandise exports in 
2020-21. 
Historically, the manufacturing industry has not been as important to the Queensland economy as 
other Australian States. Manufacturing in Queensland specialised to meet the internal requirements of 
the Queensland economy, including minerals processing and agriculture. However, in recent years the 
manufacturing sector has diversified and expanded into higher value-added and high technology 
industries.  
International and interstate tourism has also been an important contributor to the Queensland 
economy. Queensland boasts many natural attractions, including the Great Barrier Reef, extensive 
beaches, island resorts and tropical rainforests, as well as cosmopolitan cities and a unique

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
countryside. The near-term outlook for international tourism has become clouded due to uncertainties 
surrounding COVID-19 pandemic, and even after international borders are re-opened, it may take 
some time before confidence returns to the international travel market. 
Like all modern economies, Queensland has an extensive service sector which complements a diverse 
range of activities, including construction, wholesale and retail trade, communications, business and 
financial services, as well as the tourism sector.  
There have been significant structural changes in the Queensland economy over the past 20 years. The 
importance of the manufacturing sector has gradually declined over the period, while the importance 
of the financial and insurance and professional scientific and technical services sectors has increased.  
Economic Plan 
Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, the Queensland Government has acted decisively to protect the 
health and wellbeing of Queenslanders. The government’s strong health response has underpinned 
Queensland’s strong economic recovery. 
 
The Queensland Government’s actions have contained the spread of the virus, allowing emergency 
health restrictions to be lifted sooner, which has maintained consumer and business confidence and 
supported economic activity. 
 
As a result, Queensland’s economic recovery from COVID-19 has been earlier and stronger than the 
rest of Australia. The number of people employed in Queensland, as of November 2021, is 100,400 
persons above the pre-COVID levels of March 2020, by far the highest jobs growth of any state or 
territory in Australia. By comparison, over the same period employment in the rest of Australia rose 
by 81,400. 
 
The Queensland Government’s COVID-19 Economic Recovery Plan has driven these outcomes by 
safeguarding Queenslanders’ health, creating jobs and working together to support businesses, 
families and communities across the state. 
 
The government’s response has focussed on the six key elements of the COVID-19 Economic 
Recovery Plan: 
• 
safeguarding health 
• 
backing small business 
• 
making it for Queensland 
• 
building Queensland 
• 
growing Queensland’s regions 
• 
investing in skills. 
 
Despite the strength of Queensland’s economic recovery, some industries and regions have continued 
to be impacted by international border closures, interstate lockdowns and other restrictions as part of 
the emergency health response. 
 
To help support impacted businesses across all industries, the Queensland Government is delivering a 
A$600 million program of COVID-19 Business Support Grants, jointly funded with the Australian 
Government. More than 40,000 businesses across the state are expected to benefit from this timely 
financial support. 
 
The Queensland Government has also provided additional targeted support through the A$47.75 
million Tourism and Hospitality Sector COVID-19 Lockdown Support Package and the A$20 million 
COVID-19 Cleaning Rebate

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
The Queensland Government’s response to the pandemic and the resulting strength of Queensland’s 
economic performance has positioned Queensland well for the next phase of recovery, including the 
reopening of borders under Queensland’s COVID-19 Vaccine Plan to Unite Families. 
 
The vaccine plan continues to prioritise the health and wellbeing of Queenslanders, while providing 
certainty and confidence for the community and businesses. Opening Queensland’s interstate borders 
with an 80% vaccination rate could deliver direct economic benefits of up to A$1.5 billion per annum. 
 
As borders reopen, the government’s economic plan will navigate the challenges ahead, delivering 
healthy and thriving communities, more jobs and new exports which build on Queensland’s strengths. 
 
This will include an ongoing focus on diversifying the goods and services produced across the state, 
in both traditional industries, such as tourism and agriculture, and sunrise industries such as renewable 
energy and new economy minerals. 
 
Through initiatives such as the A$3.3 billion Queensland Jobs Fund, the government is supporting the 
growth of industries, enabling Queensland businesses to make more and add more value across the 
state’s regions. 
 
The government’s COVID-19 Economic Recovery Plan will help manufacturers to develop advanced 
capabilities and support sustainability, backed by reliable, renewable competitively priced energy.  
 
Investments in skills and training, such as the Skilling Queenslanders for Work initiative, continue to 
support Queenslanders to upskill and reskill, preparing them for the jobs of the future. 
 
An ongoing focus on innovation will promote the development of new ideas in Queensland and help 
businesses to draw on the world’s best-practice business models, technology, products and services.  
 
The government is continuing to deliver the critical infrastructure that supports economic growth by 
increasing productivity, lowering business costs, and helping to deliver the services that continue to 
make Queensland a great place to live. 
 
By protecting the health and wellbeing of Queenslanders, the Queensland Government has given the 
state a head start in its recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic.  
 
Building on this strength, Queensland’s COVID-19 Economic Recovery Plan will continue to provide 
certainty and security to all Queenslanders so that the state can move forward to realise a golden era 
of opportunity. 
Economic Growth 
According to the Australia Bureau of Statistics, Queensland's economic output rose by 2.0% in 2020-
21, following a COVID-19 driven decline of 0.6% in the previous year. Real gross state product (the 
"GSP") growth in 2020-21 was primarily driven by a sharp rebound in household consumption, which 
contributed 2.7 percentage points to GSP growth; further growth in public final demand, which 
contributed 0.8 percentage points to GSP growth; and dwelling investment, which contributed 0.5 
percentage points to GSP growth.  
 
Business investment detracted 0.6 percentage point from GSP growth in 2020-21, while net overseas 
exports detracted 3.6 percentage points from GSP growth, with falling goods and services exports and 
rising goods imports more than offsetting the contribution from the sharp decline in services imports 
in the year.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
Real Economic Growth – Queensland and Australia 
(original, CVM(a)) 
Queensland GSP 
Australia GDP 
A$ billion (a) 
% change 
A$ billion (a) 
% change 
2015-16 
338.8 
2.4 
1,843.5 
2.7 
2016-17 
347.4 
2.5 
1,885.8 
2.3 
2017-18 
360.6 
3.8 
 
1,939.9 
2.9 
2018-19 
364.0 
0.9 
 
1,980.9 
2.1 
2019-20 
361.7 
-0.6 
 
1,980.9 
0.0 
2020-21 
369.0 
2.0 
 
2,010.1 
1.5 
(a) Chain volume measures; reference year 2019-20. 
Source: ABS Annual State Accounts. 
Major Economic Indicators 
The following table lists selected major economic indicators for Queensland: 
Queensland Major Economic Indicators 
2016-17 
2017-18 
2018-19 
2019-20 
2020-21 
 
 
Overseas merchandise exports (A$ billion) 
70.4 
77.3 
90.5 
79.6 
60.8 
Retail turnover (A$ billion) 
61.9 
62.5 
64.8 
68.7 
76.6 
Private gross fixed capital formation (A$ 
billion) 
64.9 
69.5 
66.4 
64.0 
66.1 
Resources exports (A$ billion) 
53.4 
61.1 
73.3 
62.1 
44.7 
Agricultural production (A$ billion) 
15.1 
14.7 
13.8 
13.7 
14.4 
Employment ('000 persons)(a) 
2,367 
2,464 
2,500 
2,515 
2,576 
Unemployment rate (%)(a) 
6.2 
6.0 
6.1 
6.4 
6.8 
Increase in consumer prices (%)(a) 
1.7 
1.7 
1.6 
1.2 
2.1 
Average weekly total earnings (A$)(a) 
1,123 
1,150 
1,197 
1,249 
1,250 
 
(a) Year-average. 
 
Note: All monetary values are in current 
prices. 
 
 
 
 
 
Sources: ABS Annual State Accounts; Balance of Payments and International Investment Position; Labour 
Force; Average Weekly Earnings; Consumer Price Index; Retail Trade; Queensland Department of Agriculture 
and Fisheries; Queensland Department of Natural Resources, Mines and Energy. 
Structure of the Queensland Economy 
The following table shows the annual percentage changes and contributions to growth in GSP/GDP in 
Queensland and Australia for 2019-20 and 2020-21.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
Components of Economic Growth 
(original, CVM(a)) 
Queensland 
Australia 
Annual 
growth 
Contribution to 
GSP growth  
(% points) 
Annual growth 
Contribution to 
GDP growth  
(% points) 
% 
% 
2019
-20 
2020
-21 
2019
-20 
2020-
21 
2019-
20 
2020-
21 
2019-
20 
2020-
21 
Household 
consumption 
-1.7 
4.9 
-1.0 
2.7 
-3.1 
0.9 
-1.7 
0.5 
Private 
investment 
-4.6 
2.4 
-0.9 
0.4 
-3.2 
2.1 
-0.6 
0.4 
-Dwellings 
-6.8 
10.1 
-0.4 
0.5 
-8.1 
3.2 
-0.5 
0.2 
-Business 
investment 
-5.7 
-5.9 
-0.6 
-0.6 
-2.5 
-2.3 
-0.2 
-0.2 
Non-dwelling 
construction 
-7.9 
-8.6 
-0.4 
-0.5 
-0.5 
-6.6 
-0.0 
-0.3 
Machinery and 
equipment 
-2.9 
-2.7 
-0.1 
-0.1 
-5.3 
3.7 
-0.2 
0.1 
-Other private 
investment 
3.1 
15.9 
0.1 
0.5 
3.2 
11.4 
0.1 
0.4 
Private final 
demand (b) 
-2.5 
4.3 
-1.8 
3.2 
-3.1 
1.2 
-2.3 
0.8 
Public final 
demand (b) 
6.5 
2.9 
1.7 
0.8 
5.7 
5.8 
1.4 
1.5 
Overseas 
exports 
-5.5 
-15.9 
-1.5 
-4.0 
-1.7 
-8.4 
-0.4 
-2.0 
Overseas 
imports 
-11.9 
-2.6 
2.3 
0.4 
-7.8 
-2.9 
1.7 
0.6 
Balancing item 
n.a. 
n.a. 
-1.5 
1.6 
n.a. 
n.a. 
-0.4 
0.7 
Statistical 
discrepancy 
n.a. 
n.a. 
0.2 
0.1 
n.a. 
n.a. 
0.0 
-0.1 
GSP/GDP 
-0.6 
2.0 
-0.6 
2.0 
0.0 
1.5 
0.0 
1.5 
(a) Chain volume measure; reference year 2019-20. 
(b) Final demand constitutes final consumption expenditure plus gross 
fixed capital formation. 
Source: ABS Annual State Accounts. 
Based on the Australian Bureau of Statistics ("ABS") Annual State Accounts data (see table above), 
key features are: 
• 
Household 
consumption 
in 
Queensland 
rose 
4.9% 
in 
2020-21, 
following 
a 
COVID-lockdowns driven decline of 1.7% in the previous year.  Strengthening labour market 
conditions, an elevated savings rate and increased wealth from strong share market and 
housing price growth is expected to support household consumption growth in the near-term. 
• 
Dwelling investment rose 10.1% in 2020-21, following a fall of 6.8% in the previous year. A 
combination of record low interest rates (and consistent messaging from the Reserve Bank of 
Australia that they would stay low for an extended period), along with generous government 
stimulus and incentives, drove strong increases in building approvals and lending indicators 
throughout 2020-21, boosting the outlook for dwelling investment. A substantial amount of

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
work in the pipeline, combined with market expectations that dwelling prices will continue to 
rise into 2022, will continue to support growth in dwelling investment in the near-term. 
• 
Business investment in Queensland fell by 5.9% in 2020-21, following a decline of 5.7% of 
the previous year. The fall in 2020-21 was driven by engineering construction (down 9.2%) 
and non-residential construction (down 7.9%), while machinery and equipment investment 
(down 2.7%) recorded a modest decline. Success in controlling the virus in Queensland, and 
the resulting easing of many social distancing restrictions, has led to an improvement in 
business confidence and overall economic activity. Growing confidence in the economic 
outlook is expected to spur investment, particularly in machinery and equipment, in the short-
term. 
• 
Overseas exports fell by 15.9% in 2020-21, with goods exports falling 11.3% and services 
exports falling 45.2%. International border closures severely restricted services exports in the 
year, causing international visitor arrivals to fall to nearly zero and reducing the number of 
international student enrolments. The fall in goods exports in part reflects China’s import 
bans on a range of Australian goods, particularly coal. Overseas imports fell 2.6% in 2020-21, 
with goods imports rising by 11.4% (reflecting the strong rebound in household consumption 
activity), more than offset by services imports falling by 61.1%, driven by border closures. 
Overseas Merchandise Exports 
Queensland is Australia's second largest goods exporting state, accounting for 15% of the value of 
Australia's total merchandise exports in 2020-21. 
The nominal value of Queensland's overseas merchandise exports fell 24.1% in 2020-21, driven by 
falls in coal, LNG and beef. The international recession, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, lowered 
prices for Queensland’s key commodity exports in 2020-21. 
The value of Queensland’s coal exports fell by A$11.4 billion, to A$24.6 billion in 2020-21, 
reflecting declines in the value of all three major types of coal, particularly hard coking coal. Demand 
for Queensland’s coal exports was negatively impacted by the international recession due to the 
COVID-19 pandemic and China’s ban on importing Australian coal, with both prices and volumes 
lower. China’s informal ban on the import of Australian coal remains in place, with a substantial 
decline in coal exports to China since October 2020. However, Queensland exporters have been 
successful in finding alternative markets for the majority of these coal exports, with more than 85% of 
export volumes lost to China having been replaced by increased exports to other markets, particularly 
India, Japan and South Korea. 
The value of LNG exports fell by A$6.0 billion to A$9.5 billion in 2020-21. The decline was driven 
by a 41.2% fall in export prices (which are linked to the price of oil) which more than offset a 4.0% 
increase in export volumes. A colder than expected winter in the Northern Hemisphere is driving 
demand for LNG, which is expected to result in further growth in LNG exports volumes in 2021-
2022.   
The value of metals exports rose by A$167 million to A$10.2 billion in 2020-21, driven by a A$314 
million rise in copper exports and a A$305 million rise in lead exports. As expected, the impact of 
COVID-19 on domestic metals production was limited while key metal prices have recovered to be 
well above pre-pandemic levels. 
 
The value of meat (primarily beef) exports fell 20.7%, to A$5.5 billion in 2020-21, driven by a 
decrease in export volumes (down 18.0%) while prices fell more modestly (down 3.3%). Improved 
weather conditions encouraged graziers to rebuild depleted herds, driving a decline in beef production 
and exports in 2020-21. However, elevated beef prices are encouraging additional production earlier

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
than anticipated (despite herd rebuilding efforts), which is likely to drive growth in beef exports in 
2021-22.  
 
Improved weather conditions in Queensland resulted in the value of Queensland’s crop exports 
(including cotton) increasing by 50.6% in 2020-21, to A$1.9 billion. The Bureau of Meteorology 
declared that a La Niña event has become established in the tropical Pacific during November 2021, 
which typically results in above-average rainfall in winter, spring and early summer for Australia, 
particularly across eastern, central and northern regions. With improved weather conditions, the 
December 2021 Crop Report from the Australian Bureau of Agricultural and Resource Economics 
and Sciences expects Queensland’s winter and summer crop production in 2020-21 to have increased 
substantially on low 2019-20 production levels, with further growth expected in 2021-22. 
Overseas Merchandise Exports, Queensland 
(A$ million, current prices) 
Export Categories(a) 
2018-19 
2019-20 
2020-21p 
 
  
 
 
Rural(b) 
  
 
 
Meat   
5,973 
6,884 
5,461 
Textile fibres   
1,107 
448 
399 
Cereals and cereal preparations  
184 
129 
636 
Vegetables and fruit  
 
677 
712 
887 
Feeding stuff for animals  
 
134 
117 
107 
Other rural  
 
1,683 
1,671 
1,418 
Total 
9,758 
9,961 
8,909 
 
  
  
  
Crude minerals 
  
  
  
Coal, coke and briquettes(c) 
 
46,311 
36,058 
24,624 
Metalliferous ores(d) 
 
6,654 
6,195 
5,832 
Petroleum and related products/materials  
 
186 
95 
78 
Gas, natural and manufactured(e) 
15,728 
15,555 
9,513 
Other crude minerals  
 
18 
16 
12 
Total  
68,897 
57,920 
40,059 
 
  
  
  
Processed minerals and metals(b) 
  
  
  
Non-ferrous metals(b) 
 
4,047 
3,824 
4,355 
Other processed minerals and metals  
 
314 
324 
311 
Total 
4,360 
4,148 
4,666 
 
  
  
  
Other manufactures 
  
  
  
Machinery and non-transport equipment  
 
1,491 
1,459 
1,369 
Chemicals, fertilisers (excl. crude), plastics, etc.   
1,082 
922 
1,045 
Transport equipment  
 
619 
711 
617 
Leather, rubber, other materials, furniture, 
clothing, etc. 
290 
271 
240 
Miscellaneous manufactures and beverages  
 
622 
622 
629 
Total 
4,106 
3,984 
3,900 
 
  
  
  
Manufactures (sum of processed minerals and 
metals and other) 
8,466 
8,132 
8,566 
 
  
  
  
Total overseas exports of merchandise goods(b) 
87,247 
76,248 
57,863

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
(p)   Preliminary. 
(a)   Based on the Standard International Trade Classification (the "SITC"), Revision 4. 
(b)   Sugar and some processed metal exports are not available at the state level and therefore the State total 
understates the actual amount of exports.  
(c) Includes Queensland Treasury's estimate of cotton lint exports were confidentialised by the ABS.   
(d) Includes Queensland Treasury's estimate of alumina exports which were confidentialised by the ABS. 
Note:  Values have been rounded to the nearest A$ million. 
Source: ABS unpublished foreign trade data and Queensland Treasury. 
Queensland produces a wide variety of mineral and agricultural commodities for export. The 
development of large capacity rail and port facilities has increased Queensland's competitiveness in 
world markets and has improved access to significant Asian and European markets.   
In the 2020-21 financial year, the A$ exchange rate averaged US$0.7470, an 11.2% appreciation on 
the previous year, partially reflecting Australia’s better health and economic outcomes relative to 
other countries following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. So far in 2021-2022, the A$ has 
depreciated against the U.S.$, averaging U.S.$0.7351 in the first five months. 
Although Queensland exports to a wide range of overseas markets, the major destinations for 
Queensland merchandise are countries in Asia, which account for around 81% of all exports (see table 
below). China remained Queensland's largest export market in 2020-21, accounting for 24.4% of the 
State's overseas merchandise exports, despite China implementing a ban on a range of Australian 
exports (particularly coal) which saw China’s share decrease by 11.8 percentage points from 36.1% in 
2019-20. Queensland exporters were able to partially offset the fall in exports to China by increasing 
exports to other major export destinations such as India, South Korea, Vietnam, Indonesia and Japan, 
which saw their combined share of Queensland exports increase by 7.7 percentage points. 
The major destinations for Queensland's exports in recent years are outlined in the following table: 
Queensland's Major Overseas Markets for Merchandise Exports  
(% of total, current prices) 
2018-19 
2019-20 
2020-21p 
North Asia Total 
62.0 
64.4 
54.9 
China 
32.9 
36.1 
24.4 
Japan 
14.0 
13.1 
13.6 
South Korea 
10.9 
11.2 
12.9 
Taiwan 
3.8 
3.5 
3.4 
Hong Kong 
0.4 
0.4 
0.6 
South Asia Total 
21.6 
20.3 
25.7 
India 
12.4 
9.7 
13.2 
Indonesia 
1.8 
1.6 
2.2 
Malaysia 
2.4 
3.0 
2.7 
Thailand 
0.8 
0.6 
1.0 
Singapore 
0.9 
1.2 
0.9 
North America 
3.0 
3.4 
4.3 
US 
2.1 
2.7 
3.2 
Canada 
0.8 
0.7 
1.1 
European Union (a) 
6.3 
5.4 
6.0 
New Zealand 
1.3 
1.3 
1.8 
Brazil 
1.2 
0.8 
1.2 
Other 
4.8 
4.3 
6.1

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
2018-19 
2019-20 
2020-21p 
(a) Includes UK, which left the European 
Union on 1 February 2020. 
(p) Preliminary. 
Source: ABS unpublished foreign trade data. 
Tourism Exports 
Due to COVID-19-induced travel restrictions, the number of overseas tourist nights (“tourists” are 
defined as people visiting family/relatives or holidaying) spent in Queensland again fell sharply in 
2020-21, down 96.6% to 0.9 million nights, following a 26.9% decline in 2019-20, to 26.3 million 
nights. Overall, New Zealand was the largest individual source of international tourist nights to 
Queensland in 2020-21, at 0.5 million nights. However, in the pre-COVID 2018-19 year, the UK (4.3 
million nights), New Zealand (4.1 million nights) and China (3.8 million nights) were key source 
markets. 
International tourist nights from Asia had grown strongly over the five years ending 2018-19 (up 
36.3% to 15.36 million nights), with China (up 61.7% to 3.78 million), India (up 99.2% to 1.55 
million) and Taiwan (up 29.2% to 2.46 million) the largest contributors to growth over this period. 
However, 2019-20 saw a significant reduction in tourist nights due to the commencement of COVID-
19 driven international travel restrictions in February/March 2020. 
 
Overseas tourist(a) nights by source, Queensland 
(thousand nights) 
2018-19 
2019-20 
2020-21 
China 
3,776 
3,361 
19 
New Zealand 
4,050 
3,106 
503 
Japan 
2,124 
1,646 
6 
Korea 
1,933 
1,594 
3 
Taiwan 
2,464 
1,131 
5 
Other Asia 
5,059 
3,653 
105 
United Kingdom 
4,329 
2,592 
60 
Germany 
1,641 
1,251 
10 
Other Europe 
4,784 
3,833 
43 
United States 
1,885 
1,306 
55 
Other Countries 
3,988 
2,873 
91 
  
  
  
Total 
36,035 
26,345 
901 
(a) Tourists are defined as people visiting friends/relatives or holidaying. 
Source: Tourism Research Australia 
Interstate tourists are also an important tourism market for Queensland and have traditionally 
contributed more to Queensland economic activity than international tourism. In 2019-20 (latest data 
available), Queensland's interstate tourism gross value added ("GVA") was the second highest of all 
states, at A$2.74 billion, slightly behind New South Wales (A$2.94 billion). 
Interstate tourist nights to Queensland fell by 30.2% in 2020-21, largely due to COVID-19 travel 
restrictions. 
Overseas Merchandise Imports

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
The nominal value of Queensland’s overseas merchandise imports rose 6.0% to A$48.2 billion in 
2020-21. The rise in the value of imports was primarily driven by an increase in the value of road 
motor vehicle imports (up A$2.2 billion), while imports of other machinery and transport equipment 
(up A$816 million), other manufactured goods (up A$477 million), chemicals (up A$86 million) and 
other goods (up A$898 million) also increased. 
The value of Queensland's imports in recent years is outlined in detail in the following table:  
Overseas merchandise imports, Queensland 
(A$ million, current prices) 
Import Categories (a) 
2018–19 
2019–20 
2020–21p 
Annual % change,  
2020-21 
Live animals, food, beverages & 
tobacco 
2,226 
2,448 
2,308 
-5.7 
Mineral fuels, petroleum and lubricants 
10,127 
8,270 
6,639 
-19.7 
Chemicals 
2,433 
2,650 
2,736 
3.2 
Road motor vehicles 
8,609 
7,128 
9,335 
31.0 
Other machinery and transport 
equipment 
11,024 
9,084 
9,900 
9.0 
Other manufactured goods 
10,840 
9,857 
10,334 
4.8 
Other 
3,752 
6,093 
6,991 
14.7 
  
  
  
  
Total overseas imports of goods 
49,012 
45,531 
48,244 
6.0 
(a) Based on the SITC. 
(p) Preliminary. 
Note: Values have been rounded to the nearest A$ million. 
Source: ABS unpublished foreign trade data. 
Population and Employment  
As at 30 June 2021 (latest data available), Queensland's estimated resident population was 5.22 
million, accounting for 20.3% of Australia's population. Over the year to 30 June 2021, Queensland's 
population grew by 0.9%, stronger than national population growth of 0.2% over the same period.  
 
Net interstate migration strengthened in the year to June 2021, to 30,939 persons. Closed international 
borders resulted in net overseas migration declining by 14,366 persons over the year to June 2021. 
Natural increase (births minus deaths) contributed 29,352 persons over the year to June 2021. 
In year average terms, Queensland’s employment rose by only 2.4% in 2020-21, following an 
increase of just 0.6% the previous year as a result of lockdowns introduced to stop the spread of 
COVID-19.  
Similarly, Queensland’s labour force participation rate rose by 0.9 percentage point in 2020-21 to 
66.1%, the highest year-average participation rate since 2012-13. While the unemployment rate rose 
0.4 percentage point to 6.8% in 2020-21, the seasonally adjusted unemployment rate has fallen in 
early-2021-22, to be 4.8% in November 2021. 
In 2020-21, Health Care & Social Assistance remained Queensland’s largest employing industry, 
employing 375,000 persons (or 14.5% of total employment in the State), followed by Retail Trade 
(10.3%), Construction (8.9%) and Education & Training (8.1%). The private sector accounted for 
85.3% of employment in Queensland in 2020-21. 
The following tables show employment by industry for Queensland and the rest of Australia and 
average annual growth over the six years up to 2020-21.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
Employed Persons by Industry, Queensland(a) 
  
2015-
16 
2016-
17 
2017-
18 
2018-
19 
2019-
20 
2020-
21 
2015-16 
to 2020-
21 
  
('000) 
('000) 
('000) 
('000) 
('000) 
('000) 
Average 
annual % 
change 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Agriculture, Forestry & Fishing 
58.7 
52.4 
63.0 
69.5 
79.8 
84.1 
7.5  
Mining 
57.8 
57.5 
61.0 
68.3 
65.0 
76.2 
5.7 
Manufacturing 
168.9 
164.5 
170.4 
171.2 
164.4 
177.8 
1.0 
Electricity, 
Gas, 
Water 
& 
Waste 
Services 
31.0 
24.6 
33.0 
30.0 
31.4 
29.4 
-1.1 
Construction 
208.3 
229.3 
238.8 
235.8 
245.2 
230.4 
2.0 
Wholesale Trade 
68.5 
64.4 
64.4 
73.3 
71.8 
79.8 
3.1 
Retail Trade 
254.9 
253.6 
262.0 
252.9 
231.8 
266.4 
0.9 
Accommodation & Food Services 
166.5 
180.8 
181.9 
192.5 
191.7 
182.6 
1.9 
Transport, Postal & Warehousing 
132.8 
132.4 
140.5 
136.3 
128.6 
133.9 
0.2 
Information 
Media 
& 
Telecommunications 
32.9 
35.7 
28.4 
33.3 
28.6 
27.2 
-3.7 
Financial & Insurance Services 
66.9 
63.3 
62.1 
65.9 
59.8 
76.1 
2.6 
Rental, Hiring & Real Estate Services 
48.8 
50.0 
47.9 
42.5 
52.3 
51.6 
1.1 
Professional, Scientific & Technical 
Services 
177.1 
171.9 
169.3 
169.3 
192.3 
190.6 
1.5 
Administrative & Support Services 
85.3 
80.1 
90.6 
85.4 
87.4 
80.0 
-1.3 
Public Administration & Safety 
149.9 
162.7 
149.7 
168.3 
157.1 
165.8 
2.0 
Education & Training 
197.3 
189.0 
203.1 
217.8 
217.3 
209.9 
1.2 
Health Care & Social Assistance 
314.0 
312.5 
351.3 
350.5 
354.9 
375.0 
3.6 
Arts & Recreation Services 
41.6 
43.2 
45.2 
43.6 
45.5 
43.5 
0.9 
Other Services 
104.3 
102.3 
106.3 
101.7 
104.6 
101.3 
-0.6 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Total (b) 
2,365.6 2,370.3 2,468.9 2,508.2 2,509.5 2,581.7 
1.8 
(a) Yearly average. 
(b) Industry estimates of employment are compiled on the mid-month of each quarter. Therefore, the total of 
industry employment does not match the aggregate monthly estimates of employed persons. 
Note: Due to rounding, amounts may not add to totals. 
Source: ABS Labour Force, Australia, Detailed. 
Employed Persons by Industry, Rest of Australia(a) 
  
2015-
16 
2016-17 
2017-18 
2018-19 
2019-20 
2020-21 
2015-16 to 
2020-21 
  
('000) 
('000) 
('000) 
('000) 
('000) 
('000) 
Average 
annual % 
change 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Agriculture, Forestry & Fishing 
262.0 
251.9 
266.3 
264.1 
254.1 
253.5 
-0.6 
Mining 
162.9 
161.4 
161.9 
178.8 
173.8 
180.6 
2.1 
Manufacturing 
710.5 
744.0 
736.0 
734.7 
722.9 
695.6 
-0.4

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
Electricity, Gas, Water & Waste Services 
112.5 
112.8 
115.8 
124.0 
124.4 
123.2 
1.8 
Construction 
841.2 
856.5 
932.2 
929.6 
934.3 
929.8 
2.0 
Wholesale Trade 
304.0 
298.9 
301.1 
316.7 
320.4 
300.9 
-0.2 
Retail Trade 
1,014.2 
985.7 
1,024.7 
1,024.6 
1,004.2 
1,017.7 
0.1 
Accommodation & Food Services 
661.5 
682.4 
708.5 
708.2 
659.9 
651.4 
-0.3 
Transport, Postal & Warehousing 
490.9 
486.5 
499.8 
521.4 
512.6 
515.2 
1.0 
Information Media & Telecommunications 
177.8 
180.5 
192.7 
181.4 
176.3 
165.3 
-1.4 
Financial & Insurance Services 
366.8 
373.8 
368.7 
379.2 
406.9 
407.4 
2.1 
Rental, Hiring & Real Estate Services 
163.4 
159.1 
164.2 
169.9 
162.1 
158.6 
-0.6 
Professional, 
Scientific 
& 
Technical 
Services 
819.2 
846.6 
858.6 
934.2 
955.1 
997.8 
4.0 
Administrative & Support Services 
337.9 
350.4 
325.0 
343.6 
350.8 
336.7 
-0.1 
Public Administration & Safety 
591.0 
614.2 
588.2 
667.7 
670.7 
700.3 
3.5 
Education & Training 
743.2 
792.9 
822.1 
824.2 
867.9 
902.3 
4.0 
Health Care & Social Assistance 
1,223.7 
1,251.1 
1,321.4 
1,334.3 
1,408.4 
1,424.9 
3.1 
Arts & Recreation Services 
186.8 
176.6 
201.6 
205.6 
180.3 
191.0 
0.4 
Other Services 
368.5 
384.0 
392.3 
402.8 
380.7 
386.2 
0.9 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Total (b) 
9,537.8 
9,709.4 
9,981.0 
10,244.
9 
10,265.
7 
10,338.
5 
1.6 
 
(a) Yearly average. 
(b) Industry estimates of employment are compiled on the mid-month of each quarter. Therefore, the total of 
industry employment does not match the aggregate monthly estimates of employed persons. 
Note: Due to rounding, amounts may not add to totals. 
Source: ABS Labour Force, Australia, Detailed. 
Prices 
The Brisbane consumer price index ("CPI") rose by 2.1% in 2020-21, the fastest annual growth since 
2013-14. This was primarily driven by a strong rebound in automotive fuel prices and the ending of 
government-provided free childcare and utility rebates in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. This 
compares with an average annual growth in Brisbane's consumer prices of 2.5% since the Reserve 
Bank of Australia's adoption of inflation targeting in 1993-94. The national CPI rose by 1.6% in 2020-
21.  
Income 
Queensland recorded no growth in average weekly earnings in 2020-21, compared with 1.0% growth 
nationally. However, Queensland’s relative weakness in this measure of wages reflects some one-off 
anomalies in this data due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Specifically, the Australian Bureau of 
Statistics have noted:  
 
“Queensland experienced a sharp increase in the proportion of the labour force employed as part-time 
in the November 2020 reference period, and therefore this placed downward pressure on average 
weekly earnings. The number of persons employed part-time in Queensland in November 2020 rose 
4.4% (or 35,400 persons), compared to full-time employment falling 2.8% (or 48,500 persons). These 
trends were not as significant at the national level.” 
The most recent figures available for average weekly earnings and household income per capita are 
listed below:

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
Measures of Income 
State 
Household income per 
capita 
Average weekly earnings 
2020-21 
2020-21 
A$ 
A$ 
Queensland 
65,133 
1,250 
New 
South 
Wales 
71,117 
1,321 
Victoria 
64,905 
1,272 
South Australia 
62,243 
1,169 
Western 
Australia 
74,766 
1,401 
Tasmania 
63,696 
1,107 
Australia 
68,784 
1,293 
Sources: ABS Annual State Accounts; Average Weekly Earnings. 
Wages Policy 
Wage bargaining at the enterprise level has become widely accepted in Australia since its introduction 
in October 1991 and has gradually replaced the 'Award' system of centralised wage-fixing as the 
dominant method of structured wages negotiation in Australia.   
On 31 December 2009, Queensland legislation referred state industrial relations powers for the private 
sector to the Commonwealth. This referral complemented the Commonwealth legislation for a 
national industrial relations system, which commenced on 1 January 2010. The national industrial 
relations system applies to all Queensland private sector employees.  
Public sector and local government workers in Queensland generally remain under the state industrial 
relations system. As of June 2021, State and local public sector employees in Queensland totalled 
393,900 persons, accounting for 14.8% of all employed persons in the State. 
The Coalition (led by the Liberal Party of Australia) formed a federal government on 7 September 
2013, and were re-elected in July 2016 and May 2019. The current Federal Government's policies 
promote enterprise bargaining, continuing a transition to a more decentralised system. 
Queensland’s industrial relations system is underpinned by Awards and Agreements. 
Prior to the emergence of COVID-19, the Queensland Public Sector Wages Policy was for annual 
growth of 2.5% on Agreement pay rates. For the last round of negotiations, a one-off payment of 
A$1,250 was also included on reaching a new agreement. 
On 2 April 2020, the Premier announced that Queensland public sector wage increases and bargaining 
for industrial agreements would be put on hold in response to the economic impacts of the COVID-19 
health pandemic. Temporary amendments to the Industrial Relations Act 2016 (Qld) to implement 
this policy were passed on 17 June 2020. 
The wage deferral postpones the wage increase that would have occurred in 2020-21 by 12 months. 
This results in an actual, realised saving, as the pay received by the employee is lower than it 
otherwise would be for those twelve months. 
The pay rise that would have otherwise occurred in 2021-22 is also postponed by six months. This 
likewise results in a saving for these six months, with wages paid lower than they otherwise would

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
have been. Once this aforementioned increase occurs, pay rates will return to what they would have 
otherwise been without the deferrals. 
A number of significant Queensland Public Sector agreements are due to expire and be renegotiated 
during calendar year 2022, including Nurses, Teachers and Police. 
Meanwhile, public service positions will be maintained within approved FTE caps. The Government 
will reduce employee expenses through a careful assessment of staffing levels, including whether 
roles need to be filled when they become vacant. Recruitment will only be approved where the 
vacancy is necessary to fill, and will require high level approval within Government. 
The Government remains committed to employment security and critical frontline services.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
PRINCIPAL SECTORS OF THE QUEENSLAND ECONOMY  
The following table shows the main components of Queensland and Australia's industry gross value 
added. 
Queensland/Australian Gross Product-Major Industry Sectors, 2020-21(a) 
(nominal) 
Queensland 
Australia 
Queensland as a 
share of Australia 
(%) 
Sector 
(A$ millions) 
(A$ millions) 
Agriculture, forestry and fishing 
9,570 
46,872 
20.4 
Mining 
27,496 
222,531 
12.4 
Manufacturing 
22,181 
115,042 
19.3 
Construction 
27,220 
143,897 
18.9 
Services (b) 
254,921 
1,403,837 
18.2 
  
  
  
TOTAL 
341,386 
1,932,181 
17.7 
(a) Based on industry gross value added. Gross value added refers to the value of output at basic prices minus 
the value of intermediate consumption at purchasers' prices. Basic prices valuation of output removes the 
distortion caused by variations in the incidence of commodity taxes and subsidies across the output of individual 
industries. 
(b) Includes electricity, gas, water & waste services, wholesale trade, retail trade, accommodation & food 
services, transport, postal & warehousing, information, media & telecommunications, finance & insurance 
services, rental, hiring & real estate services, professional, scientific & technical services, administrative & 
support services, public administration & safety, education & training, health care & social assistance, arts & 
recreation services, other services and ownership of dwellings. 
Source: ABS Annual State Accounts. 
Mining 
Over the past decade, the mining sector has been a significant contributor to Queensland's economy. 
Queensland has large reserves of coal, bauxite, gold, copper, silver, lead and zinc, as well as large 
'unconventional' resources of coal seam natural gas. 
Three major Coal Seam Gas to Liquefied Natural Gas (CSG-to-LNG) projects commenced production 
in Queensland in 2015, with a total capital expenditure in excess of A$60 billion.  
The first gas was exported from the Queensland Curtis LNG project in January 2015, and 2015-16 
saw the first year of substantial LNG exports, with all LNG "trains" becoming operational by October 
2016. LNG has become Queensland's second most valuable goods export after coal, with a nominal 
value of around A$9.5 billion in 2020-21.  
In 2020-21, Queensland accounted for 12.4% of the nation's total mining output. Industry output has 
grown at an average annual rate of 1.5% in the five years to 2020-21 (real, CVM), although this 
annual average rate of growth is down from 7.4% in the five years to 2018-19 (pre-COVID). 
In 2020-21, Queensland's mining industry accounted for 8.1% of the State's total industry gross value 
added (nominal), down from 14.3% in 2018-19. Meanwhile, 76,200 people were directly employed in 
the mining industry (3.0% of Queensland’s total employment).

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
The Queensland mining industry is a major source of export earnings and makes a substantial 
contribution to capital investment and regional development. Mining also provides a base for a 
number of the State's leading value-added industries.  
Coal 
Coal is Queensland’s most valuable export commodity. In 2020-21, the value of coal exports 
accounted for 42.6% of Queensland’s total merchandise exports. Lower coal prices (down by 25.6%) 
and lower export tonnages (down by 8.2%) contributed to the value of coal exports falling by 31.7%, 
to A$24.6 billion in 2020-21. 
The value and quantity of selected minerals produced in Queensland from 2015-16 to 2020-21 are 
shown in the following tables. 
Queensland Key Resources Production – Estimated Value(a) 
(A$ millions) 
Mineral 
2015-16 
2016-17 
2017-18 
2018-19 
2019-20 
2020-21 
Black coal (b) 
 23,024  
 41,083  
 45,923  
 52,792  
 40,441  
 28,194  
Liquefied Natural 
Gas (c) 
5,111  
 8,641  
 10,737  
 15,728  
 15,555  
 9,513  
Copper 
1,824  
 1,765  
 1,996  
 2,047  
 1,833  
 2,179  
Gold 
974  
 1,055  
 1,027  
 925  
 1,049  
 1,046  
Bauxite 
1,332  
 1,260  
 1,275  
 1,494  
 1,649  
 1,378  
Lead  
 871  
 755  
 715  
 839  
 814  
 812  
Zinc  
 1,556  
 1,204  
 1,670  
 2,614  
 2,475  
 2,660  
(a) Value of production does not include transport or handling costs or other by-products such as coke or 
briquettes in the case of coal. Value of production is calculated by using Queensland’s production volumes and 
the Australian price for each commodity.  
(b) Estimated based on Queensland’s unit export price. 
(c) Export value  
 
Source: Office of the Chief Economist, ABS and Queensland Treasury. 
Queensland Resources Production – Volume 
Mineral 
2015-16 
2016-17 
2017-18 
2018-19 
2019-20 
2020-21 
Black coal ('000t) 
237,625 
237,675 
248,622 
257,209 
245,055 
228,860 
Copper  ('000t) 
272 
247 
227 
238 
218 
205 
Gold (kg) 
18,955 
19,695 
19,084 
16,286 
13,938 
13,098 
Bauxite ('000t) 
28,102 
30,041 
32,030 
35,829 
41,087 
36,583 
Lead ('000t) 
370 
270 
228 
301 
288 
307 
Zinc ('000t) 
644 
359 
405 
702 
753 
749 
Coal seam gas (Mcm) 
26,737 
34,358 
35,404 
37,600 
39,904 
40,657 
Sources: Office of the Chief Economist and Department of Resources. 
Agriculture 
The agriculture, forestry and fishing industry in Queensland accounted for 2.8% of Queensland's 
industry gross value added and 20.4% of Australia's total agricultural output in 2020-21. The bulk of 
Queensland's agricultural production has traditionally been exported, providing a significant 
contribution to Queensland's foreign earnings.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
In 2020-21, more than half of the nominal gross value of Queensland's agricultural production was 
derived from four products – beef, sugar cane, cereals and cotton, each of which is produced primarily 
for export.  
Queensland also produces tropical and citrus fruits, rice, cotton, vegetables, timber, peanuts, oilseeds, 
eggs and dairy products, principally for domestic markets.  
According to the Queensland Department of Agriculture and Fisheries, the nominal value of 
Queensland's agricultural production rose 4.8% in 2020-21. This was driven by gains in the gross 
value of cotton (up 424.5% to A$0.5 billion), cereals (up 80.1% to A$0.9 billion), sugar cane (up 
8.5% to A$1.2 billion) and fruit, vegetables and nuts (up 1.5% to A$2.9 billion).  
The following table presents figures on the nominal gross value and volume of agricultural 
commodities produced in Queensland over the five years to 2020-21. 
Queensland's Major Agricultural Commodities – nominal value and volume of production 
Gross Value (A$m) 
2016-17 
2017-18 
2018-19 
2019-20 
2020-21(a) 
 
Cattle and calves 
5,483 
5,248 
5,447 
6,126 
5,491 
Poultry 
650 
561 
587 
568 
600 
Pigs 
293 
248 
289 
363 
367 
Sheep and lambs 
59 
55 
58 
67 
65 
Sugar cane 
1,527 
1,234 
1,192 
1,060 
1,150 
Wool 
76 
98 
108 
79 
65 
Chickpeas 
744 
377 
136 
133 
180 
Cereals 
894 
826 
720 
513 
924 
Fruit and vegetables and nuts 
2,921 
3,301 
3,180 
2,879 
2,922 
Dairying 
(total 
whole 
milk 
production) 
251 
230 
219 
215 
219 
Cotton 
622 
882 
279 
102 
535 
Other 
1,604 
1,657 
1,606 
1,632 
1,877 
Total agriculture 
15,124 
14,717 
13,821 
13,737 
14,395 
 
 
 
 
 
Volume of Production 
 
 
 
 
 
Beef and veal ('000 tonnes) 
1,025 
1,077 
1,111 
1,112 
923 
Sugar cane ('000 tonnes) (b) 
34,410 
31,472 
30,489 
28,443 
29,330 
Wool (tonnes) (c) 
4,763 
5,042 
3,953 
4,102 
4,946 
Wheat ('000 tonnes) 
1,502 
765 
420 
418 
1,103 
Cotton lint ('000 tonnes) 
316 
320 
164 
31 
222 
(a) Gross value figures are estimates provided by the Queensland Department of Agriculture and Fisheries. 
(b) Calendar year data 
(c)  Taxable wool received by brokers and purchased by dealers from wool producers. 
Sources: ABS Livestock Product, Australia; ABS Livestock and Meat, Australia; Queensland Department of

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
Agriculture and Fisheries Queensland AgTrends 2020-21; Australian Sugar Milling Council; Australian 
Government Department of Agriculture and Water Resources; Australian Crop Report December 2020. 
Other Primary Industries 
Forestry and logging 
The value of Queensland's forestry and logging production is estimated to have fallen by 11.3% to 
A$251 million in 2020-21. Demand for wood is largely determined by demand for the construction of 
new dwellings and alterations and additions to existing dwellings. 
Fisheries 
The value of Queensland's fisheries production is estimated to have fallen by 3.3% to A$404 million 
in 2020-21. Commercial fishing operations constituted 42% of the fisheries output (in value terms), 
with the remaining portion sourced from aquaculture and recreational fishing. 
Manufacturing 
In 2020-21, the manufacturing industry accounted for 6.5% of Queensland's industry gross value 
added. Queensland's share of Australia's total manufacturing output was 19.3% in 2020-21.  
Historically, manufacturing in Queensland was developed to service and process the State's 
agricultural and mineral resources. In common with most industrialised nations, the relative 
importance of manufacturing has declined in Australia in favour of service-based industries over time. 
The nominal value of overseas exports of Queensland's manufactured non-rural goods, including 
processed minerals and metals, totalled A$8.6 billion in 2020-21, up 5.3% from the previous year.   
Construction 
The Queensland construction industry directly contributed 8.0% to the State's GVA, whilst also 
providing 8.9% of employment in the State in 2020-21.  
• 
Dwelling investment rose 10.1% in 2020-21, the first annual increase following three 
consecutive declines. 
o  
Dwelling investment in Queensland has risen strongly since the pandemic-induced 
low in mid-2020, rising 30.6% over the period from June quarter 2020 to September 
quarter 2021. This growth has been driven by both the construction of new and used 
dwellings and renovation activity. 
o  
A combination of record low interest rates (and indications they would stay low for 
an extended period), along with generous government stimulus and incentives, drove 
strong increases in building approvals and lending indicators throughout 2020-21, 
boosting the outlook for dwelling investment, particularly for detached houses. 
• 
Non-dwelling construction – which consists of non-residential building (shops, offices, 
factories, etc.) and engineering construction (mines, ports, roads, etc.) – fell by 8.6% in 2020-
21. 
o  
New engineering construction in Queensland fell 9.2% in 2020-21, following 
consecutive declines of 14.0% and 12.6% in 2018-19 and 2019-20.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
o  
Non-residential building construction fell 7.9% in 2020-21, following consecutive 
declines of 19.3% and 0.6% in 2018-19 and 2019-20. 
Services 
Transport 
Queensland has 16 trading ports, most of which are equipped with bulk handling facilities for the 
major products of their respective regions. In addition, Queensland has two community ports and a 
number of non-trading ports located at regular intervals from Maryborough in the south-east to 
Burketown in the north-west. The Queensland railway network encompasses over 10,000 kilometres 
of track, which includes the electric main railroad line and heavy haul lines serving the major coal 
mines in Central Queensland. In 2018-19 (pre-pandemic), the total tonnage throughput via 
Queensland port systems was estimated at 359.5 million tonnes (up 1.6% over the year). 
Competition has been introduced into rail freight with the privately owned Pacific National active in 
Queensland, while the coal and freight components of the previously government owned Queensland 
Rail (now 'Aurizon') have been privatised. Rail freight operators also compete with road haulage 
companies for Queensland's freight. Commodities which are moved substantially by rail include coal 
and minerals. Substantial amounts of containerised freight are hauled by both rail and road. 
The Queensland public road network is constantly being upgraded and extended to maintain its safety 
and viability.   
Queensland has two major and five secondary international airports (including the privately owned 
Wellcamp Airport in Toowoomba which commenced international passenger flight operations in 
October 2016), as well as a large network of commercial domestic airports and private airfields. 
Brisbane Airport is the third busiest in the country behind Sydney and Melbourne with 23.6 million 
passenger transiting in 2018-19 (pre-pandemic). Following several years of construction, in July 2020 
the Brisbane airport opened its completed new runway, which is expected to double the airport’s 
capacity. 
Communications 
Queensland is served on a state-wide basis by the national postal system and a number of major 
telecommunications companies. Two-way satellite communications are available in remote areas, 
providing education and other services to isolated residents. The State has a widespread non-
commercial television network principally operated by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation and 
the Special Broadcasting Service. In addition, three commercial television networks, each with 
numerous sub-channels, and a community television station operate within the State. Queensland has 
a widespread cable and satellite pay television service in operation, and comprehensive commercial 
and public radio networks.  
 
Broadband internet services are also available in all major centres across the State. The Federal 
Government is currently completing the national broadband network (the "NBN"), which is expected 
to be delivered through a 'multi-technology mix' network comprising fibre-to-the-premises/basement, 
fibre-to-the-node, fixed wireless and satellite technologies. The NBN is the default Statutory 
Infrastructure Provider (the “SIP”) for all of Australia and, where it is the SIP, it must meet legal 
obligations, including in relation to minimum service speed. Within its capital constrains, NBN Co 
will continue to upgrade the network technologies to support retailers to meet demand from end users 
which exceeds these minimum requirements, including implementing current plans to expand access 
to peak download speeds of up to 1 gigabit per second. As at 2 December 2021, a total of 2,404,508 
homes/businesses have been declared as ready to connect in Queensland, while a total of 1,649,442 
homes/businesses have had services activated.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
Tourism 
Tourism directly accounted for an estimated 3.1% of overall output (gross value added, at basic 
prices) in the State in 2019-20 (latest estimate available). The success of tourism in Queensland is to a 
great extent attributable to certain natural advantages such as a favourable climate for vacations and 
one of the finest arrays of natural attractions in Australia, including the Great Barrier Reef and its 
islands, hundreds of kilometres of beaches, large wilderness areas, mountain panoramas, national 
parks, the tropical north, the Darling Downs and the outback.  
South of Brisbane is the Gold Coast, Australia's largest and most popular resort area. The Gold Coast 
is famous for its 32 kilometres of beaches which provide facilities for surfing, fishing, cruising and a 
variety of other sporting activities. West of the coast, the rugged rainforest-covered slopes of the 
MacPherson Range extend the Gold Coast's appeal to include mountain climbing, bushwalking, horse 
riding, national parks, waterfalls, and panoramic views. The Gold Coast's natural attractions have 
been supplemented by developments including theme parks, world class golf courses, extensive canal 
developments and internationally-recognised restaurants and entertainment venues.  
The Great Barrier Reef is a major attraction for both domestic and international tourists, and resorts 
have been developed on islands and centres on the coast. The waters of the Great Barrier Reef offer 
some of the best fishing in the world, and Cairns has become an international centre for big-game 
fishing, notably for black marlin. The Whitsunday Coast, on the mainland near the Whitsunday group 
of islands, has developed in the last decade in response to the increasing popularity of the Great 
Barrier Reef and its islands. The area offers reef and island holidays with daytrips and extended 
cruises to places of interest.  
A total of 1.7 million international tourists (defined as those arriving for holiday or visiting friends 
and relatives) visited Queensland in 2019-20. In total, they spent 26.3 million nights in the State with 
an average length of stay of 15.4 nights. Due to COVID-19-induced travel restrictions, the number of 
international tourists in Queensland fell sharply by 29.0% in 2020-21, with the number of tourist 
nights falling 26.9%. International border closures have been in place since 20 March 2020, which 
resulted in further declines in tourist nights in 2020–21 (down 96.6% to just 901,000 tourist nights). 
Traditionally, domestic tourism has been a larger market than international tourism in Queensland, 
although a significant amount of domestic tourism is from intrastate (Queenslanders travelling within 
Queensland). Tourists from interstate spent a total of 19.6 million nights in Queensland in 2020-21, 
down by 30.2% from 2019–20 following a 19.4% decline in 2019–20 due to COVID-19 travel 
restrictions.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP WITH THE COMMONWEALTH OF AUSTRALIA  
Commonwealth Grants  
Since World War II, the Commonwealth has acted as the sole income taxing authority, and annual 
general revenue grants have been paid by the Commonwealth to the states. The Commonwealth also 
has exclusive constitutional power to impose excise duty, a goods and services tax and customs duty. 
The Commonwealth raises no wealth taxes, estate or gift duties. The states impose payroll taxes, 
stamp duties and land taxes, and local governments impose taxes based on the rateable value of real 
property. 
At the 1985 Premiers' Conference it was agreed that tax sharing arrangements then in operation 
should be replaced by financial assistance grants to the states. The Commonwealth Grants 
Commission continued to make recommendations for the distribution of these general purpose 
payments based on the principle of horizontal fiscal equalisation. This principle requires state 
governments to receive funding which offsets the differences in revenue raising capacity and the cost 
of delivering services between states, such that, every state has the capacity to deliver comparable 
services and associated infrastructure at a similar tax burden.   
Financial assistance grants were paid in addition to grants provided by the Commonwealth to the 
states for specified purposes or with conditions attached. Although these grants for specific purposes 
have existed for much of the period since federation, their importance as a form of Commonwealth 
grant has increased significantly since the 1970s. 
Commonwealth-State Relations – the GST  
The introduction of a Goods and Services Tax ("GST"), a broad-based consumption tax, was the 
cornerstone of national tax reform introduced by the Australian Government on 1 July 2000. The 
reforms included significant changes to Commonwealth-State financial relations. All Australian 
Governments signed an Intergovernmental Agreement on the Reform of Commonwealth-State 
Financial Relations. 
The main features of the Agreement included: 
• 
the provision to the States of all revenue from the GST. The principle of horizontal fiscal 
equalisation was endorsed as the method for distributing GST revenue amongst the states; 
• 
the abolition of financial assistance grants to the states; and 
• 
the abolition of a number of state taxes. In Queensland's case, this includes the abolition of 
nine taxes over time in order to improve the overall efficiency of the national taxation system.  
In 2021–22, Queensland will receive around A$15.380 billion in GST revenue as published in the 
2021–22 Budget Update: Mid-Year Fiscal and Economic Review.  Queensland is currently assessed 
by the Commonwealth Grants Commission as requiring more than an equal per capita share of the 
GST distribution. 
The Intergovernmental Agreement on Federal Financial Relations 
On 26 March 2008, the Council of Australian Governments agreed to implement a new framework for 
federal financial relations. The focus of the new framework was to significantly reduce 
Commonwealth prescriptions on service delivery by the states, in conjunction with clearer roles and 
responsibilities and outcomes-based public accountability.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
A new agreement – the Intergovernmental Agreement on Federal Financial Relations – commenced 
on 1 January 2009. The main features of the new framework included: 
• 
a reduction in the number of specific purpose payments, without reducing the overall level of 
payments. A large number of these payments were aggregated into five broader streams of 
funding supported by new national agreements in the areas of healthcare, schools, skills and 
workforce development, disability services and housing; 
• 
a focus on outcomes that improve the well-being of Australians, through improvements in the 
quality, efficiency and effectiveness of government service delivery, with reduced 
Commonwealth prescriptions on how the States achieve outcomes or deliver services, and 
enhanced accountability to the public for outcomes achieved or outputs delivered; 
• 
greater funding certainty to the States, with the new national agreements to be ongoing with 
periodic reviews to ensure the maintenance of funding adequacy and the relevance of 
objectives; 
• 
the provision of National Partnership payments by the Commonwealth to the States to support 
the delivery of specified projects and facilitate or reward nationally significant reforms; and 
• 
the continued provision of all GST revenue to the States. 
It is an on-going task for Queensland and other governments to ensure the original intent of the 
framework is maintained, given the different and competing priorities sometimes facing State, 
Territory and Australian Governments.  
New governance arrangements – Australian federal relations 
In May 2020, the Australian Government and state and territory governments agreed to new national 
governance arrangements, including reforming the Council of Australian Governments as a new 
National Federation Reform Council. 
First Ministers will continue meeting as National Cabinet and Treasurers will continue to meet as the 
Council on Federal Financial Relations (the "CFFR"). Under the new arrangements, the CFFR will 
have responsibility for overseeing the financial relationship between the Commonwealth and the 
states and territories. This includes taking responsibility for all funding agreements, including 
National Partnership Agreements, complementing its existing responsibility for overseeing the 
Intergovernmental Agreement on Federal Financial Relations. 
National Health reform  
The National Health Reform Agreement (the "NHRA") commenced on 1 July 2012. In May 2020, an 
Addendum to the 2011 NHRA was signed by all jurisdictions and is to apply from 1 July 2020 to 30 
June 2025. Funding is being provided through a combination of activity-based funding for larger 
hospitals and block funding for smaller regional hospitals. Under the Addendum, the Australian 
Government funds 45% of the efficient growth in public hospital services, subject to a 6.5% national 
cap on the growth of NHRA funding, irrespective of demand growth.  
In response to the COVID-19 outbreak, the Australian Government offered jurisdictions a National 
Partnership Agreement on COVID-19 Response (the "NPACR"). Under the NPACR, the Australian 
Government will provide a 50% contribution for costs incurred by state health services in responding 
to the COVID-19 outbreak. Funding is uncapped, demand driven and will cover costs incurred from 
21 January 2020 (when the virus was first identified as a ‘Listed Human Disease’ under the 
Biosecurity Act 2015 (Cwth)).

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
The health response to COVID-19 has necessitated the temporary suspension of non-urgent health 
activity, such as most elective surgeries. Consequently, the Australian Government has provided a 
hospital funding guarantee for 2019-20, 2020-21 and 2021-22. Under the guarantee, the Australian 
Government will provide to Queensland, as a minimum, a set level of combined funding under the 
NHRA and the hospital services component of the NPACR. In 2021-22, it is estimated the Australian 
Government will provide Queensland with A$5.659 billion under the NHRA, including A$220 
million in NPACR funding.     
Quality Schools 
The Australian Government funding for the Government schools (excluding GST) under the Quality 
Schools policy will be A$2.158 billion in 2021-22 (A$9.321 billion over four years to 2024-25). The 
funding for Non-government schools (including GST) will be A$3.472 billion in 2021-22 (A$14.894 
billion over four years to 2024-25). 
2021 Commonwealth Grants Commission (the "CGC") Report on GST Revenue Sharing Relativities 
In February 2021, the CGC released its Report on GST Revenue Sharing Relativities – 2021 Update 
(the "2021 CGC Update Report") which considered changes in state circumstances to determine the 
distribution of GST. The 2021 CGC Update Report recommended an increase in Queensland's share 
of GST revenue, with an underlying impact of A$1,023 million in 2021-22 incorporating changes in 
population, growth in the GST pool and changes in relative fiscal capacity. 
An increase to Queensland's GST share is based on CGC’s determination that Queensland has lower 
fiscal capacity per capita compared to other states. Queensland is assessed to have higher spending 
needs for education and health and lower revenue raising capacity for land tax and transfer duty which 
is partially offset by a higher capacity to raise mining royalties as a result of higher coal prices and a 
greater share of Commonwealth payments.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
QUEENSLAND GOVERNMENT FINANCES  
State Budgetary Strategy 
The Budget for each fiscal year is normally presented by the Treasurer to the Legislative Assembly in 
June prior to the commencement of the fiscal year, and incorporates details of estimated actual 
revenue and expenditures in the current fiscal year and budgeted revenue and the expenditure of 
moneys in the next and following three fiscal years. Approval for the raising of revenue is provided 
under various existing Acts of Parliament while Parliament approves expenditure via the 
Appropriation Acts on a yearly basis. 
With the Budget generally presented to Parliament in June, the Appropriation Acts are passed by 
Parliament around August/September after the Budget Estimates hearings. The Appropriation Acts 
approve expenditure for the upcoming financial year (i.e. the Budget year). These Acts also approve 
an aggregate amount of expenditure sufficient to provide for the normal services of Government for 
the first few months of the next succeeding financial year, until the Appropriation Bill receives Royal 
Assent. There is one Act for the Legislative Assembly and one for all other agencies.   
2020-21 Budget, C-19-FER and Update on the Queensland Fiscal Position 
With the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in Australia in the first quarter of 2020, and in line with 
the Australian Government and other State and Territory governments, Queensland’s 2020-21 Budget 
was delayed until December 2020, and the 2020-21 Mid-Year Fiscal and Economic Review 
(MYFER) indefinitely postponed for Queensland. 
 
On 23 July 2020, the Queensland Treasurer released an Update on the Queensland Fiscal Position 
following the Fiscal and Economic Outlook provided by the Federal Treasurer. In this update, 
operating deficits were projected for 2019-20 and 2020-21 with GST revenues expected to fall and 
expenditure grow in the form of initiatives to protect Queenslanders’ health, Queensland jobs and 
Queensland businesses.  
 
On 7 September 2020, the Queensland Government released the COVID-19 Fiscal and Economic 
Review ("C19-FER") covering revised estimates for the 2019-20 and 2020-21 years. The Net 
operating deficits were expected for 2019-20, in line with the July 2020 update, with the 2020–21 
deficit falling slightly from the estimate at that time.  
 
Total General Government Sector revenue in 2019–20 and 2020-21 was estimated to be 3.7% and 
8.9% lower respectively than the 2019–20 MYFER reflecting the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic 
and the resulting sharp declines across all major revenue lines.  
 
General Government Sector expenses in 2019–20 and 2020–21 were estimated to increase 6.4% and 
4.7% respectively since the 2019-20 MYFER as the Government provided significant immediate 
stimulus and longer-term economic recovery packages to support and assist businesses, households 
and communities.  
  
The 2020–21 Budget was handed down on 1 December 2020 with a key focus on economic recovery 
supported by the Queensland Economic Recovery Plan published in August 2020. 
 
Total expenses were forecast to grow at an average annual rate of 1.6% over the four years to 2023–
24. From 2020–21, revenues were projected to grow at a faster rate than expenses. While deficits were 
projected across the forward estimates, the deficit position was expected to improve substantially 
through to 2023–24 as the economy recovered and support measures were no longer required.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
The State also committed to a substantial infrastructure investment program with a total 4-year capital 
program of A$56 billion, including A$43.3 billion in the General Government sector, to support the 
government’s Economic Recovery Plan by driving economic growth and job creation and to give 
industry confidence to invest and generate jobs.  
 
Responding to COVID-19 and the subsequent focus on economic recovery led to an unavoidable 
increase in borrowings, driven by the General Government Sector. Despite rising debt, the 
serviceability of borrowings remained strong primarily due to a record low interest rate environment. 
AASB 1059 Service Concession Arrangements applied to public sectors in Australia from 1 July 2020 
and had a significant impact on the State’s balance sheet, increasing assets by A$6.5 billion and 
liabilities (not borrowing) by a comparable amount. 
2021-22 Budget and 2021–22 Budget Update (MYFER) 
The 2021–22 Budget, handed down on 15 June 2021, focused on the delivery of the Economic 
Recovery Plan and supporting jobs following the successful containment of COVID-19 in the state. 
The continued delivery of high quality frontline services and infrastructure and delivery of the 
government’s election commitments remains a key focus. 
 
The 2021–22 Budget committed A$52.216 billion over four years to fund construction of critical 
infrastructure and capital works with a focus on maintaining a sustainable program of works through 
to 2024-25. 
The economy recovered sooner and stronger than forecast in the 2020–21 Budget, translating to 
higher-than-expected increases in key revenue streams. Coupled with expenditure restraint and the 
continued implementation of the government’s Savings and Debt Plan, operating deficits were lower 
than estimated at the 2020–21 Budget with a modest return to surplus projected in 2024–25. 
 
The 2021-22 Budget Update (Mid-Year Fiscal and Economic Review) was released on 16 December 
2021. A deficit over the four years to 2024–25 of A$4.289 billion is A$2.451 billion lower than 
expected at the 2021–22 Budget, with the 2021–22 year being revised upwards predominantly due to 
a temporary increase in royalty revenue along with higher than expected transfer duties. 
 
Revenue across the four years to 2024–25 is expected to grow an average of 3.4% while expenses are 
expected to grow an average of just 3% over the same period.  
Fiscal Principles 
The Financial Accountability Act 2009 requires the Treasurer to prepare and table in the Legislative 
Assembly a Charter of Fiscal Responsibility (the "Charter"). The Charter sets the Government's fiscal 
objectives and the fiscal principles that support those objectives.   
The Treasurer must report regularly to the Legislative Assembly on progress the Government has 
made against the priorities stated in the Charter. This report is published each year in the Budget 
papers and MYFER. 
 
In order to ensure the Fiscal Principles remained fit for purpose and provided a balanced and sensible 
path to restore Queensland’s fiscal buffers following the COVID-19 pandemic, the Government 
developed a new Charter  to inform the 2021–22 Budget strategy. The new Fiscal Principles provide 
objective measures supporting the government’s medium-term strategy for fiscal recovery. 
 
Fiscal Principle 1 – Stabilise the General Government Sector net debt to revenue ratio at 
sustainable levels in the medium term, and target reductions in the net debt to revenue ratio in 
the long term.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
A key component of the fiscal strategy is to stabilise debt at a sustainable level in the medium term. 
As revenues recover and expenditure growth is managed, the net debt to revenue ratio is forecast to 
moderate towards the end of the forward estimates, only increasing from 57% to 60.5% between 
2023–24 and 2024–25. 
 
Net operating deficits over the forward estimates are lower than were forecast in the 2020–21 Budget. 
As a result, the increase in net debt has also been less than anticipated. Net debt is now expected to 
moderate at a lower level than previously forecast, additionally offset by an increase in the value of 
assets being contributed to the Queensland Future Fund (QFF) – Debt Retirement Fund (the "DRF"). 
The balance of the DRF is estimated to improve the rating agencies’ assessment of the state debt when 
assessing Queensland’s debt burden and credit rating. 
 
Queensland’s net debt to revenue ratio of 39% in 2021–22 compares favourably with that of its peers. 
 
Fiscal Principle 2 - Ensure that average annual growth in General Government Sector 
expenditure in the medium term is below the average annual growth in General Government 
Sector revenue to deliver fiscally sustainable net operating surpluses  
 
The new Fiscal Principle 2 is designed to provide a broad measure of expenditure growth 
management. It replaces the previous Fiscal Principle 6, which aimed to ensure growth in employee 
expenses was sustainable through measuring full-time equivalent employee growth. 
 
Over the forward estimates, revenues are forecast to grow by an average of 3.9% per annum, relative 
to average expenditure growth of 2.3% with an operating surplus forecast to be achieved in 2024–25.  
 
Fiscal Principle 3 – Target continual improvements in net operating surpluses to ensure that, in 
the medium term, net cash flows from investments in non-financial assets (capital) will be 
funded primarily from net cash inflows from operating activities.  The capital program will 
focus on supporting a productive economy, jobs, and ensuring a pipeline of infrastructure that 
responds to population growth. 
 
The government’s A$50 billion Infrastructure Guarantee has ensured the maintenance of a substantial 
capital program through the COVID-19 crisis and a capital program of A$52.216 billion is planned 
over the 4 years to 2024–25. 
 
From 2021-22, new capital investment is expected to be increasingly funded from net cash inflows 
from operating activities. By 2024-25, 55% of the investment in non-financial assets is expected to be 
funded from operating cash, a substantial improvement on the 2020–21 Budget.  
 
This positions Queensland well for continued improvement beyond the forward estimates period 
towards the medium-term goal of funding capital primarily through operating cash surpluses.  
 
Fiscal Principle 4 – Maintain competitive taxation by ensuring that, on a per capita basis, 
Queensland has lower taxation than the average of other states. 
 
Compared to the previous charter, this principle has been adjusted to directly measure Queensland’s 
competitiveness relative to other jurisdictions, rather than as a fixed proportion of GSP. 
 
Based on the latest available outcomes, Queensland’s taxation per capita was A$771 less than the 
average of other jurisdictions in 2019–20. On average, Queenslanders paid A$1,078 less tax than New 
South Wales residents and A$761 less than Victorian residents.  
 
Using the latest forecasts, Queensland’s taxation per capita of A$3,328 in 2021–22 compares 
favourably to an average of A$3,814 per capita across the other jurisdictions.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
Fiscal Principle 5 – Target the full funding of long-term liabilities such as superannuation and 
workers’ compensation in accordance with actuarial advice 
 
This fiscal principle continues to be a long-standing Queensland Government priority and a key 
element of Queensland’s financial management. A commitment to this principle will continue through 
the economic and fiscal recovery from the COVID-19 crisis, and it will remain part of the long-term 
fiscal strategy. 
Operating Statement 
2020-21 Outcome 
 
On a Uniform Presentation Framework (“UPF”) basis, the General Government sector (the “GGS”) 
recorded an operating deficit of A$937 million in 2020-21, compared to a restated operating deficit of 
A$5,728 million in 2019–20. Since the COVID-19 pandemic first reached Queensland, the 
Government has implemented a strong health response, introduced immediate financial support for 
households, businesses and industry and initiated measures to secure Queensland’s long term 
economic recovery.   
 
The fiscal balance decreased from a deficit of A$9,164 million in 2019–20 to deficit of A$5,015 
million in 2020-21 mainly driven by the improved net operating balance, offset to an extent by higher 
purchases of non-financial assets.   
Table 1 below provides aggregate outcome information for 2020-21. 
 
Table 1 
Key Financial Aggregates 
(UPF Basis) 
 
2017–18 
Actual * 
A$ million 
2018–19 
Actual * 
A$ million 
2019–20 
Actual 
A$ million 
2020–21 
Actual 
A$ million 
General government sector 
 
 
 
 
Revenue 
58,087 
59,828 
57,778 
62,732 
Expenses 
56,337 
58,843 
63,505 
63,669 
Net operating balance 
1,750 
985 
-5,728 
-937 
Purchases of non-financial assets 
5,126 
5,764 
6,306 
6,835 
Fiscal balance 
-587 
-2,207 
-9,164 
-5,015 
Public non-financial 
corporations sector 
 
 
 
 
Revenue 
13,641 
14,256 
13,589 
13,240 
Expenses 
11,759 
12,587 
12,661 
12,078 
Net operating balance 
1,882 
1,669 
928 
1,162 
Purchases of non-financial assets 
2,509 
2,687 
3,156 
3,157 
Fiscal balance 
1,785 
1,471 
305 
637 
Non-financial public sector 
 
 
 
 
Revenue 
66,164 
68,329 
66,171 
71,228 
Expenses 
64,381 
67,368 
72,056 
71,739 
Net operating balance 
1,783 
961 
-5,886 
-511 
Purchases of non-financial assets 
7,643 
8,460 
9,482 
10,007 
Fiscal balance 
-658 
-2,439 
-9,965 
-5,141 
*Where applicable, balances have been restated for changes in accounting policies, presentational and timing differences and 
errors.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
Revenue 
Revenue from transactions increased by 8.5% (or A$4,954 million) in 2020–21 after decreasing by 
3.45% (or A$2,064 million) in 2019-20. 
Commonwealth grants are the principal form of revenue for the State, accounting for just over half of 
budgeted General Government revenue, with taxes contributing around a quarter. Commonwealth and 
other grants increased by A$5,369 million in 2020-21, mainly due to higher GST revenue reflective of 
stronger national household spending and dwelling investment as the economy recovered from the 
initial effects of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, and an uplift in payments principally for road 
infrastructure and the health response to the pandemic. 
Increased taxation revenue in 2020-21 compared to 2019-20 (A$1,664 million) was primarily the 
result of improved economic conditions following the initial impacts of COVID-19 and primarily 
driven by recovery in transfer duty on the sale of residential properties. 
GGS other revenue was A$1,767 million lower in 2020-21 than 2019-20, mainly due to lower coal 
and oil prices and a moderation in coal export volumes 
Expenses 
 
Based on actual results, General Government expenses increased by just A$164 million (0.26%) in 
2020-21. Despite the Government’s continuing COVID-19 health response and economic recovery 
measures, expenses were contained due to departments achieving savings targets under the 
Government’s Savings and Debt plan and deferral of public service wage increases. 
 
Employee and superannuation expenses were 2.1% higher in 2020–21 broadly consistent with the 
estimate in the 2021–22 Budget. The deferral of scheduled increases in GGS wages from 2020–21 to 
the following two years to assist in funding the response to the COVID-19 pandemic has moderated 
growth relative to previous financial years.   
 
Other operating expenses were A$750 million (4.4%) lower than 2019-20 mainly due to one-off self-
insurance costs associated with litigation and claims being provided for in 2019-20. Partly offsetting 
lower claim costs in 2020–21 were COVID-19 health response measures, including quarantine 
activities.   
 
Depreciation and amortisation costs increased by A$154 million to A$4.187 billion for the GGS, 
mainly due to increases in the stock of infrastructure. 
 
Interest costs increased by A$133 million to A$1,619 million for the GGS, mainly due to higher 
borrowings at the end of 2019–20 as a result of the COVID-19 support and recovery measures and 
lower cash inflows from taxes, GST and royalties in the immediate wake of the pandemic. 
Purchases of non-financial assets and borrowings 
Table 2 below provides data on the State's purchases of non-financial assets and borrowings.   
Table 2 
Borrowings 
(UPF Basis) 
 
2017–18 
Actual 
A$ million 
2018–19 
Actual 
A$ million 
2019–20 
Actual 
A$ million 
2020–21 
Actual 
A$ million 
Purchase of non-financial 
assets

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
General Government Sector 
5,126 
5,764 
6,306 
6,835 
Public 
non-financial 
corporations sector 
2,509 
2,687 
3,156 
3,157 
Non-financial public sector1 
7,643 
8,460 
9,482 
10,007 
 
Borrowings 
 
General Government Sector 
31,520 
32,202 
44,253 
54,078 
Public 
non-financial 
corporations sector 
37,992 
38,707 
40,700 
41,558 
Non-financial public sector 
69,511 
70,909 
84,944 
95,626 
 
Notes: 
1.      Under present Uniform Presentation Framework arrangements, budget and forward estimate data 
are not required for Public Financial Corporations, due to the difficulties in preparing robust 
projections of activity.  No capital expenditure is assumed for this sector. 
 
The net worth, or equity, of the State is the amount by which the State's assets exceed its liabilities. 
This is the value of the investment held on behalf of the people of Queensland by public sector 
instrumentalities. 
Net worth of the GGS for 2020-21 was A$209,625 million as at 30 June 2021. 
Borrowings in the GGS were A$54,078 million at 30 June 2021, A$9,825 million more than in 2019-
20. Increases in borrowings arose largely from additional borrowing from QTC for capital 
expenditure and increased leases and other loans mainly associated with major rail and associated 
infrastructure projects. 
Capital Purchases 
On a UPF basis, the General Government's purchases of non-financial assets (i.e. capital expenditure) 
in 2020-21 was A$6,835 million, A$529 million more than in 2019-20.  
Forward Estimates 
Table 3 below provides a summary of the State's Forward Estimates on a UPF basis.   
Table 3 
Key Financial Aggregates forecasts (Summary) – 2021-22 Budget 
 
2021–22 
Projection 
A$ million 
2022–23 
Projection 
 A$ million 
2023–24 
Projection 
 A$ million 
2024–25 
Projection 
 A$ million 
General government sector 
 
 
 
 
Revenue 
68,235  
67,531 
70,072 
71,781 
Expenses 
69,727 
69,928 
70,631 
71,623 
Net operating balance 
(1,492) 
(2,397) 
(559) 
158 
Purchases of non-financial assets 
8,317 
8,078 
7,674 
7,642 
Fiscal balance 
(6,726) 
(6,490) 
(3,568) 
(2,667) 
Public non-financial 
corporations sector

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
Revenue 
12,807 
12,262 
11,852 
12,053 
Expenses 
11,948  
11,265 
11,061 
11,246 
Net operating balance 
858 
997 
790 
808 
Purchases of non-financial assets 
3,655 
3,691 
3,464 
3,392 
Fiscal balance 
37 
188 
240 
369 
Non-financial public sector 
 
 
 
 
Revenue 
76,183 
75,008 
77,510 
79,549 
Expenses 
77,311 
76,986 
77,777 
79,032 
Net operating balance 
(1,128) 
(1,978) 
(267) 
517 
Purchases of non-financial assets 
11,973 
11,769 
11,137 
11,035 
Fiscal balance 
(7,184) 
(6,880) 
(3,826) 
(2,747) 
 
Table 4 below provides data on the latest forecasts and projections of the State's purchases of non-
financial assets and borrowings. 
Table 4 
Borrowings and Purchases of Non-Financial Assets 
(UPF basis) 
 
 
2021-22 
Projection 
A$ million 
2022-23 
Projection 
A$ million 
2023-24 
Projection 
A$ million 
2024-25 
Projection 
A$ million 
Purchases of non-financial assets 
 
 
 
 
General Government sector 
8,317 
8,078 
7,674 
7,642 
Public non-financial corporations sector  
3,655 
3,691 
3,464 
3,392 
Non-financial public sector 
11,973 
11,769 
11,137 
11,035 
Borrowings1 
 
 
 
 
General Government sector 
63,471  
73,115 
79,713 
84,721 
Public non-financial corporations sector  
41,603  
41,538 
41,614 
41,969 
Non-financial public sector 
105,064  
114,643 
121,318 
126,679 
 (a) Borrowing inclusive of leases, securities and derivatives

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
PUBLIC DEBT 
The public sector indebtedness of Queensland is comprised of a number of distinct categories; Public 
Debt to the Commonwealth, Other State Debt to the Commonwealth, Queensland Treasury 
Corporation Guaranteed Debt and Other Guaranteed Debt and Contingent Liabilities.  
During April 1995, the Australian Government and Queensland Government entered into an 
agreement (the "1995 Financial Agreement") whereby Queensland would pre-redeem its debt to the 
Commonwealth. This was carried out in July 1995.  
State Debt to the Commonwealth  
In addition to the funds lent to the States pursuant to the 1995 Financial Agreement, the Australian 
Government also lends funds to the States in accordance with a variety of agreed Commonwealth-
State programmes. In general, these funds are on-lent to borrowers in accordance with the terms of the 
agreed programme, with repayment being made to the State from the revenues of the ultimate 
borrowers. When on-lent by Queensland, the debt is generally secured by State claims on tangible 
assets of the ultimate borrower.  
The following table outlines the outstanding advances made by the Commonwealth under this 
category of debt. 
 
 
2020–21 
A$M 
2019–20 
A$M 
Advances – Commonwealth and State Housing  
247 
263 
Advances – Other 
53 
90 
Total other State debt to the Commonwealth and Treasury 
300 
353 
Guaranteed Debt On-lent by Queensland Treasury Corporation 
Queensland Treasury Corporation's primary function to date has been to act as a central financing 
authority for on-lending funds raised by it to Queensland Government Bodies. The Treasurer of 
Queensland, on behalf of the State Government, guarantees the Corporation's obligations under all 
debt securities issued by the Corporation. The Corporation's guaranteed debt (market value), as at the 
end of each of the last five fiscal years, and the distribution of this debt among various borrowing 
authorities is detailed in the following table: 
 
Distribution of debt 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
A$M 
A$M 
A$M 
A$M 
A$M 
Bodies within the Public Accounts 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Department of Education and 
Training  
                      
48                43  
 
 
 
 
Department of State Development  
                      
66                58  
 
 
 
 
Department of Transport and Main 
Roads – Main Roads 
 
749 
            668 
 
 
 
 
Department of Transport and Main 
Roads – Queensland Transport 
 
- 
               - 
 
 
 
 
Public Works – Department of 
Housing and Public Works 
 
10 
                9 
 
 
 
 
Queensland Health 
 
43 
               -

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
Distribution of debt 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
A$M 
A$M 
A$M 
A$M 
A$M 
 
Queensland Treasury 
 
32,728 
      30,400 
33,173 
 
41,923 
 
48,869 
Other   
 
185 
            205 
210 
 
258 
 
247 
Government Owned Corporations 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CS Energy Ltd 
 
924 
            720 
654 
 
658 
 
635 
 
Energy Queensland Limited 
 
17,767 
       17,607 
18,912 
 
19,799 
 
19,999 
 
Port Authorities & Facilities 
(various) 
 
937 
            921 
970 
 
980 
 
943 
 
Powerlink 
 
924 
            720 
654 
 
658 
 
635 
 
Stanwell Corporation Limited 
 
17,767 
       17,607 
18,912 
 
19,799 
 
19,999 
Local Governments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Brisbane City Council 
 
2,283 
         2,195 
2,184 
 
2,314 
 
2,381 
 
Cairns Regional Council 
 
86 
            110 
123 
 
171 
 
179 
 
Fraser Coast Regional Council 
 
138 
            119 
103 
 
85 
 
67 
 
Gladstone Regional Council 
 
155 
            144 
141 
 
131 
 
108 
 
Gold Coast City Council 
 
786 
            723 
702 
 
698 
 
704 
 
Ipswich City Council 
 
280 
            257 
345 
 
378 
 
411 
 
Logan City Council 
 
229 
            214 
211 
 
271 
 
258 
 
Mackay Regional Council 
 
201 
            185 
177 
 
161 
 
139 
 
Moreton Bay Regional Council 
 
444 
            435 
443 
 
434 
 
400 
 
Redland City Council 
 
51 
              45 
42 
 
45 
 
46 
 
Rockhampton Regional Council 
 
155 
            132 
128 
 
148 
 
151 
 
Sunshine Coast Regional Council 
 
308 
            307 
354 
 
592 
 
680 
 
Toowoomba Regional Council 
 
193 
            181 
180 
 
201 
 
207 
 
Townsville City Council 
 
427 
            396 
448 
 
440 
 
440 
 
Other 
 
713 
            697 
722 
 
728 
 
692 
Statutory Bodies 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Grammar schools 
 
104 
              94 
89 
 
107 
 
140 
 
Seqwater 
 
       10,827 
11,617

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
Distribution of debt 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
A$M 
A$M 
A$M 
A$M 
A$M 
10,949 
11,882 
11,349 
 
Unitywater 
 
419 
            416 
435 
 
443 
 
431 
 
Universities 
 
373 
            407 
493 
 
505 
 
507 
 
Water Boards 
 
253 
            280 
281 
 
255 
 
255 
 
Other 
 
202 
            261 
336 
 
676 
 
646 
Other Bodies 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DBCT Holdings Pty Ltd 
 
130 
            122 
113 
104 
103 
 
Queensland Rail Limited 
 
3,627 
         3,666 
3,901 
 
4,149 
 
4,094 
 
Queensland Urban Utilities 
 
2,070 
         2,067 
2,215 
 
2,551 
 
2,540 
 
Other 
 
296 
            287 
299 
 
321 
 
271 
Total Funds Onlent 
 
85,102 
      81,952 
87,129 
 
98,334 
 
104,611 
Undistributed borrowings 
 
13,361 
       14,580 
14,884 
 
14,855 
 
18,145 
Total Guaranteed Debt 
 
98,463 
      96,532 
102,013 
 
113,189 
 
122,756 
The Corporation raises funds in both the domestic and international capital markets with the market 
value of borrowings under management as at 30 June 2021 at A$122.756 billion, which includes 
A$3.587 billion of debt issued under overseas funding programmes based on the prevailing rates of 
exchange at 30 June 2021. The Corporation hedges its foreign debt portfolio through interest rate and 
currency swaps and other hedging and currency switching transactions.  
The following table shows at 30 June 2021 the amount of contract maturities of the Corporation's 
outstanding indebtedness maturing over the next five years and for subsequent years. The face value 
of maturing paper is used in the maturity structure. Accordingly, comparisons with the market value 
of debt disclosed in the previous paragraph are irrelevant. 
 
Outstanding Indebtedness of QTC (Face Value) 
Maturity Analysis 
(in A$ millions) 
 
0-3 
3-12 
1-5 
over 5 
TOTAL 
 
months 
months 
years 
years 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Offshore Debt (1) 
1,644 
800 
0 
1,487 
3,931 
Domestic Debt (2)(3) 
2,116 
3,823 
44,590 
79,116 
129,645 
TOTAL  
A$3,760 
A$4,623 
A$44,590 
A$80,603 
A$133,576 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. 
These totals have been translated into Australian dollars at a rate of exchange applicable at the balance date and do not include the net 
effect of currency swaps and forward currency contracts. They include U.S.$1,852 million outstanding under the Corporation's United 
States and European Commercial Paper Facilities as at 30 June 2021 (2020: US$185 million) and U.S.$798 million outstanding under 
the Corporation's United States and European Euro Medium-Term Note Facilities as at 30 June 2021 (2020: U.S.$766 million).

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
2. 
Maturities are included at face value. 
3. 
These totals include A$3,175 million outstanding under the Corporation's Australian dollar Treasury note facility as at 30 June 2021 
(2020: A$4,696 million). 
Outstanding QTC Debt 
OUTSTANDING DOMESTIC AUD INDEBTEDNESS 
as at 30 June 2021 
 
Coupon Rate 
Maturity Date 
Face Value 
Market Value 
(% per annum) 
  
(AUD) 
(AUD) 
QTC Bonds 
  
  
  
6.00% 
July 2022 
 8,310,160,000  
 8,309,536,420  
4.25% 
July 2023 
 9,633,566,375  
 9,493,830,928  
3.00% 
March 2024 
 817,500,000  
 809,938,743  
5.75% 
July 2024 
 10,002,688,625  
 9,879,350,996  
4.75% 
July 2025 
 10,348,432,500  
 10,073,367,181  
3.25% 
July 2026 
 9,977,933,686  
 9,541,724,641  
2.75% 
August 2027 
 9,400,531,250  
 8,798,803,036  
3.25% 
July 2028 
 10,175,118,750  
 9,360,439,383  
2.50% 
March 2029 
 2,074,618,800  
 1,876,218,762  
3.25% 
August 2029 
 8,985,821,000  
 8,065,856,813  
6.25% 
August 2030 
 11,026,671,135  
 9,769,318,796  
1.25% 
March 2031 
 1,687,500,000  
 1,441,525,796  
1.75% 
August 2031 
 6,967,315,750  
 5,908,862,623  
1.50% 
August 2032 
 4,103,750,000  
 3,381,589,441  
6.50% 
March 2033 
 2,153,978,000  
 1,825,192,618  
1.75% 
July 2034 
 2,213,629,250  
 1,729,125,860  
2.25% 
April 2040 
 2,957,016,288  
 2,043,414,005  
2.25% 
November 2041 
 2,699,885,869  
 1,774,207,797  
4.20% 
February 2047 
 1,673,600,000  
 1,059,878,258  
2.25% 
October 2050 
 440,893,750  
 246,796,744  
 
 
 
 
Treasury Notes 
  
 
 
Various 
July 2021 
485,000,000  
484,995,843  
Various 
August 2021 
30,000,000  
29,999,694  
Various 
September 2021 
1,590,000,000  
1,589,918,793  
Various 
October 2021 
910,000,000  
909,915,629  
Various 
November 2021 
160,000,000  
159,971,181  
 Floating Rate 
Notes 
  
0.19% 
February 2022 
2,533,646,987  
2,532,862,272  
0.25% 
February 2023 
2,818,257,621  
2,809,668,463  
0.28% 
November 2024 
2,362,956,363  
2,316,678,770  
0.13% 
April 2027 
2,577,806,564  
2,423,420,208  
Other loans 
  
Various 
2021 
22,494,592  
22,386,036  
Various 
2022 
109,437,735  
109,326,151  
Various 
2023 
76,533,181  
76,081,128  
Various 
2024 
49,942,875  
49,144,613  
Various 
2025 
118,568,286  
115,636,306  
Total 
  
129,495,255,232 
119,018,983,928

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
OUTSTANDING OFFSHORE INDEBTEDNESS 
EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
as at 30 June 2021 
 
Year of 
Issue 
Coupon 
Rate 
Maturity Date 
Currency 
Face 
Value 
(AUD) 
Market 
Value 
(AUD) 
2011 
1.73% 
September 2039 
CHF 
210,885,155  
200,696,565  
2014 
2.65% 
April 2039 
JPY 
266,415,619  
247,382,684 
2016 
1.64% 
November 2046 
EUR 
904,956,828  
752,133,539  
2020 
0.69% 
June 2050 
EUR 
104,303,105 
75,967,053 
Total 
 
 
 
1,486,560,707 
1,276,179,841 
 
COMMERCIAL PAPER 
as at 30 June 2021 
 
Year of 
Issue 
Yield 
Maturity 
Currency 
Face Value 
 (AUD) 
Market Value  
(AUD) 
2021 
0.130% 
Jul-21 
USD 
146,169,719 
13,287,990 
2021 
0.320% 
Jul-21 
USD 
132,881,831 
132,878,861 
2021 
0.130% 
Jul-21 
USD 
132,881,831 
132,877,029 
2021 
0.290% 
Jul-21 
USD 
265,763,663 
265,753,293 
2021 
0.140% 
Jul-21 
USD 
66,440,916 
66,437,122 
2021 
0.240% 
Aug-21 
USD 
146,170,015 
146,155,255 
2021 
0.160% 
Aug-21 
USD 
85,044,372 
85,034,851 
2021 
0.550% 
Aug-21 
USD 
265,763,663 
265,730,906 
2021 
0.120% 
Aug-21 
USD 
31,891,640 
31,886,826 
2021 
0.280% 
Aug-21 
USD 
166,102,289 
166,075,155 
2021 
0.150% 
Aug-21 
USD 
25,247,548 
25,242,882 
2021 
0.160% 
Sep-21 
USD 
66,440,916 
66,424,317 
2021 
0.130% 
Sep-21 
USD 
13,288,183 
13,284,658 
2021 
0.120% 
Sep-21 
USD 
66,440,916 
66,422,769 
2021 
0.060% 
Sep-21 
USD 
33,220,458 
33,209,401 
2021 
0.160% 
Oct-21 
USD 
43,053,713 
43,038,412 
2021 
0.165% 
Oct-21 
USD 
531,527,326 
531,306,182 
2021 
0.190% 
Nov-21 
USD 
132,881,831 
132,809,862 
2021 
0.188% 
Nov-21 
USD 
93,017,282 
92,964,559 
2021 
0.085% 
Jan-22 
AUD 
150,000,000 
149,950,590 
Total 
 
  
 
  2,594,228,112  
2,460,770,920

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
Other Guaranteed Debt and Contingent Liabilities 
Under the provisions of the Statutory Bodies Financial Arrangements Act 1982 (as amended by the 
Statutory Bodies Financial Arrangements Amendment Act 1996 and the Statutory Bodies Financial 
Arrangements Amendment Regulations), financial arrangements entered into by a statutory body may 
be guaranteed by the Treasurer on behalf of the Government of Queensland. That legislation also 
preserves similar guarantees given under legislation that it replaced. In addition, the Economic 
Development Act 2012 preserves guarantees of borrowings of other bodies made under the Statutory 
Bodies Financial Arrangements Act 1982.  
The Queensland Government also guarantees all insurance policies issued prior to 1 December 1996 
by the Suncorp Insurance and Finance Corporation ("Suncorp"). Suncorp, together with Suncorp 
Building Society and Queensland Industry Development Corporation merged with Metway Bank 
Limited with effect from 1 December 1996. Pursuant to the provisions of the State Financial 
Institutions and Metway Merger Facilitation Act 1996, policies or contracts of insurance or indemnity 
issued by Suncorp prior to 1 December 1996 will continue to be guaranteed by the Queensland 
Government. 
Exchange Rate of the Australian Dollar 
Exchange rates for the major currencies in which debt of Queensland Treasury Corporation and 
Queensland is denominated, expressed as an Australian dollar against the foreign currency equivalent 
are shown in the table below:  
  
 
Currency 
Year-average 
2015-16 2016-17 2017-18 2018-19 2019-20 2020-21 
US Dollar 
0.7285 
0.7542 
0.7754 
0.7154 
0.6714 
0.7470 
Japanese Yen 
85.01 
82.27 
85.56 
79.50 
72.60 
79.56 
Swiss Franc 
0.7135 
0.7476 
0.7526 
0.7117 
0.6561 
0.6797 
Pounds Sterling 
0.4917 
0.5949 
0.5760 
0.5527 
0.5329 
0.5546 
Euro 
0.6564 
0.6919 
0.6499 
0.6269 
0.6069 
0.6260 
NZ Dollar 
1.0907 
1.0587 
1.0853 
1.0668 
1.0545 
1.0742 
      Source:  Refinitiv.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
The Dealers have in an Amended and Restated Distribution Agreement dated 1 February 2022 (the 
"Distribution Agreement" as amended, supplemented, novated and/or restated from time to time) 
agreed with the Issuer as to the basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes. Notes may also be issued to persons other than Dealers. Dealers and such other 
persons are referred to as "Dealers". Any such agreement for any particular purchase will extend to 
those matters stated under "Conditions of the Notes" and "Form of the Notes" above. In the 
Distribution Agreement the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment of the Facility and the issue of the Notes. The Issuer or (as to itself) 
a Dealer may terminate the arrangements for the issue of Notes under the Facility by giving written 
notice to the Dealers or to the Issuer and the other Dealer(s), as the case may be. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations promulgated thereunder. The 
applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not 
applicable. 
In connection with any Notes which are offered or sold outside the United States in reliance on an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under Regulation S 
("Regulation S Notes"), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Facility will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver such 
Regulation S Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution, of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Regulation S Notes are a 
part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Each Dealer has 
further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Facility will be required to agree, that it 
will send to each dealer to which it sells any Regulation S Notes during the distribution compliance 
period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Regulation 
S Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act.   
Dealers may arrange for the resale of Notes to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such Purchaser 
of Notes is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A.  The minimum aggregate principal amount 
of Notes which may be purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A is U.S.$200,000 (or the 
approximate equivalent thereof in any other currency).  To the extent that the Issuer is not subject to 
or does not comply with the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or the 
information furnishing requirements of Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, the Issuer has agreed to furnish to

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
holders of Notes and to prospective Purchasers designated by such holders, upon request, such 
information as may be required by Rule 144A(d)(4). 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Facility will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member 
State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any Member State 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for the Notes; and 
• 
the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in 
relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in 
the UK: 
(A) 
at any time any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA"),

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C)above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes; and 
• 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Facility will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will 
not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the 
issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of FSMA by the 
Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or 
the Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No.25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Facility will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign 
Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant 
to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA 
and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
Australia  
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Australia) 
("Corporations Act")) in relation to the Notes has been, or will be, lodged with or registered by the 
Australian Securities and Investments Commission ("ASIC"). 
Each Dealer has and each further Dealer appointed under the Facility will severally represent and 
agree with the Issuer that: 
(a) 
it has not (directly or indirectly) offered, and will not offer for issue or sale and has not 
invited, and will not invite, applications for issue, or offers to purchase, the Notes in, to or 
from Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); 
and 
(b) 
it has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, any information 
memorandum, advertisement or other offering material relating to the Notes in Australia, 
unless (1) the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least A$500,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies, disregarding moneys lent by the Issuer or its associates) or the offer or 
invitation otherwise does not require disclosure to investors in accordance with Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 
of the Corporations Act, (2) the offer or invitation is not made to a person who is a “retail client” 
within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act, (3) such action complies with all 
applicable laws, regulations and directives and (4) such action does not require any document to be 
lodged with ASIC. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Facility will be required to agree 
to co-operate with the Issuer with a view to ensuring that Notes are offered for sale in such a manner 
which will allow payments of interest or amounts in the nature of interest on the Notes to be exempt 
from Australian withholding tax under section 128F of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 
(Australia), as amended. In particular, each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will not offer or sell the Notes to any person 
that the employees of the Dealer acting in connection with the offer or sale know or have reasonable 
grounds to suspect is one of the Issuer’s Offshore Associate other than one acting in the capacity of a 
dealer, manager, or underwriter in relation to the placement of the Notes or in the capacity of a 
clearing house, custodian, funds manager or responsible entity of a registered scheme (within the 
meaning of the Corporations Act). 
An "Offshore Associate" is an associate (as defined in Section 128F of the Income Tax Assessment 
Act 1936 (Australia)) of the Issuer that is either a non- resident of the Commonwealth of Australia for 
Australian tax purposes which does not acquire the Notes in carrying on a business at or through a 
permanent establishment in Australia or, alternatively, is a resident of Australia for Australian tax 
purposes that acquires the Notes in carrying on a business at or through a permanent establishment 
outside of Australia. 
Canada 
The Notes will not be qualified for sale under the securities laws of any province or territory of 
Canada. Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Facility 
will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or distributed and will not offer, 
sell or distribute any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to or for the benefit of any resident of 
Canada, other than in compliance with the applicable securities laws thereof. Each Dealer has also 
represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Facility will be required to 
represent and agree that it has not and will not distribute or deliver this Base Prospectus, or any other

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
offering material in connection with any offering of Notes in Canada, other than in compliance with 
the applicable securities laws thereof. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Facility will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, 
any Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) (the "SFO") other than (a) to "professional 
investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong 
(the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of 
the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued, or had in its possession for the purposes of issue and will not issue, or have 
in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the 
contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if 
permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes 
which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to 
"professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
New Zealand 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Facility will be 
required to represent and agree, that: (1) it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not directly or 
indirectly offer, sell, or deliver any Note; and (2) it will not distribute any offering circular or 
advertisement in relation to any offer of the Notes, in New Zealand other than:  
(a) 
to "wholesale investors" as that term is defined in clauses 3(2)(a), (c) and (d) of Schedule 1 to 
the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 of New Zealand (the "FMC Act"), being a person 
who is: 
A. 
an "investment business";  
B. 
"large"; or 
C. 
a "government agency", 
in each case as defined in Schedule 1 to the FMC Act; and 
(b) 
in other circumstances where there is no contravention of the FMC Act, provided that 
(without limiting paragraph (a) above) the Notes may not be offered or transferred to any 
"eligible investors" (as defined in the FMC Act) or any person that meets the investment 
activity criteria specified in clause 38 of Schedule 1 to the FMC Act. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Facility will be required 
to acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed and each

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
further Dealer appointed under the Facility will be required to represent and agree that it has not 
offered or sold or caused any Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause any Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase, nor will it circulate or distribute this Base Prospectus or any 
other document or material in connection with the offer or sale or invitation for subscription or 
purchase of any Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (1) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the 
SFA, (2) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of 
the SFA, or to any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (3) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with, 
the conditions of any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is:  
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned 
by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary is an accredited investor,  
securities or securities-based derivative contracts (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest howsoever described in that trust shall not be 
transferable within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or 
to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of 
the SFA;  
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification – Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Facility are ‘prescribed capital markets 
products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in 
the MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and in the MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the 
Notes. Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Facility 
will be required to represent and agree that the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or 
indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and no 
application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be 
publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
The PRC 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Facility will be 
required to represent and agree that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will offer 
or sell any of the Notes directly or indirectly in the PRC (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan), 
except as permitted by the applicable laws or regulations of the PRC. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Facility will be 
required to represent and agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or 
delivers the Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, 
approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of the Notes under 
the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such 
purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any other Dealer shall 
have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers represents and agrees that Notes may at any 
time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for 
facilitating such sale.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
TAXATION 
AUSTRALIAN TAXATION  
The following summary is of a general nature and is included herein solely for information purposes. 
In particular, it does not discuss the treatment of High Interest (premium) Notes, and does not deal 
with the position of certain classes of holders of Notes (such as dealers in securities, or persons 
holding their Notes through Australia). It is based on the laws in force in Australia as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax 
advice. Prospective investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as 
to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Australian tax law, to which they may be 
subject. 
Australian Interest Withholding Tax 
Generally, interest paid by the Issuer on the Notes (including amounts in the nature of interest, such as 
original issue discounts, or premiums on redemption) to either a resident of Australia who derives the 
interest in carrying on business at or through a permanent establishment outside of Australia, or a non-
resident of Australia, who does not derive the interest in carrying on business at or through a 
permanent establishment in Australia, is subject to interest withholding tax at the rate of 10 per cent. 
unless an exemption applies, as discussed further below. Other than interest withholding tax, a person 
who is not a resident of Australia within the meaning of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 
(Australia) and who does not derive the interest in carrying on business at or through a permanent 
establishment in Australia and who has acquired or acquires any of the Notes will not incur or become 
liable for any Australian income tax on interest payable in respect of the Notes. Special rules apply to 
the taxation of Australian residents who hold the notes in the course of carrying on business at or 
through a permanent establishment outside Australia (which vary depending on the country in which 
that permanent establishment is located). 
Under the double taxation treaties between Australia and certain contracting states (including the 
United States, the UK, France, Switzerland, Germany, Japan, South Africa, Norway, Finland and New 
Zealand), no Australian interest withholding tax will be payable on interest derived by an entity which 
is entitled to the benefit of that treaty where, in general terms, that entity is a government body of the 
relevant Contracting State (including a body exercising governmental functions), a bank resident in 
the relevant Contracting State performing central banking functions or a financial institution resident 
in the relevant Contracting State which is unrelated to, and deals independently with, the Issuer. For 
these purposes, "financial institution" means a bank or other enterprise substantially deriving its 
profits by raising debt finance in the financial markets or by taking deposits at interest and using those 
funds in carrying on a business of providing finance. However, if the interest is derived by a financial 
institution as part of an arrangement involving back-to-back loans or similar arrangement, this 
exemption from Australian interest withholding tax will not apply.   
The terms of issue and the procedures for the issue of the Notes are intended to satisfy the conditions 
for exemption from interest withholding tax under Section 128F of the Income Tax Assessment Act 
1936 (Australia), as amended. 
Interest (or an amount in the nature of interest) paid by the Issuer is exempt from Australian interest 
withholding tax under section 128F if the Issuer remains an Australian resident company (which 
includes Australian state-based statutory authorities) both at the time it issues the relevant Notes and 
at the time interest is paid in respect of the Notes, and a "public offer" test is satisfied. The public 
offer test is satisfied if the Notes are issued as a result of being offered for issue: 
(a) 
to at least 10 persons each of whom:

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
(i) 
was carrying on a business of providing finance, or investing or dealing in securities, 
in the course of operating in financial markets; and 
(ii) 
is not known, or suspected, by the Issuer to be an associate (as defined in section 
128F) of any of the other persons covered by this paragraph;  
(b) 
to at least 100 persons whom it is reasonable for the Issuer to regard as having acquired 
instruments similar to the Notes in the past or being likely to acquire instruments similar to 
the Notes in the future;  
(c) 
as a result of being accepted for listing on a stock exchange, where the Issuer has entered into 
an agreement with a dealer, manager or underwriter in relation to the placement of the Notes 
requiring the Issuer to seek such a listing;  
(d) 
as a result of negotiations being initiated publicly in electronic form, or in another form, that 
is used by financial markets for dealing in instruments similar to the Notes; or 
(e) 
to a dealer, manager or underwriter in relation to the placement of Notes who, under an 
agreement with the Issuer, offered the Notes for sale within 30 days in a way covered by any 
of paragraphs (a) to (d) above. 
In relation to the issue of Notes in global form (a "Global Note"), the "public offer" test will be 
satisfied if the Global Note falls within the description of "global bond" in section 128F(10). Broadly 
speaking, this will be the case if the following requirements are satisfied: 
(a) 
the Global Note describes itself as a global bond or a global note;  
(b) 
it is issued to a clearing house (as defined in section 128F(9)) or to a person as trustee or 
agent for, or otherwise on behalf of, one or more clearing houses;  
(c) 
in connection with the issue of the Global Note, the clearing house or houses confer rights in 
relation to the Global Note on other persons and will record the existence of the rights;  
(d) 
before the issue of the Global Note, the Issuer or a dealer, manager or underwriter, in relation 
to the placement of debentures on behalf of the Issuer, announces that, as a result of the issue, 
such rights will be able to be created;  
(e) 
the announcement is made in a way or ways covered by any of paragraphs (a) to (e) above 
(reading a reference in those paragraphs to "Notes" as if it were a reference to the rights 
referred to in paragraph (d) above and a reference to the "Issuer" as if it included a reference 
to the dealer, manager or underwriter); and 
(f) 
under the terms of the Global Note, interests in the Global Note are able to be surrendered, 
whether or not in particular circumstances, in exchange for other debentures issued by the 
Issuer that are not themselves Global Notes. 
The public offer test is not satisfied if at the time of the issue the Issuer knows, or has reasonable 
grounds to suspect, that the Notes or an interest in the Notes was being, or would later be, acquired 
directly or indirectly by an Offshore Associate of the Issuer other than one acting in the capacity of a 
dealer, manager or underwriter in relation to the placement of the Notes or in the capacity of a 
clearing house, custodian, funds manager or responsible entity of a registered scheme (within the 
meaning of the Corporations Act 2001 (Australia)).

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
Accordingly, the Notes should not be acquired by any Offshore Associates of the Issuer, subject 
to the exceptions referred to above. 
Even if the public offer test is initially satisfied in respect of the Notes, the exemption from interest 
withholding tax will not apply to particular payments of interest if, at the time of the payment of 
interest to a person, the Issuer knows or has reasonable grounds to suspect that such person is an 
Offshore Associate of the Issuer other than one receiving the payment in the capacity of a clearing 
house, paying agent, custodian, funds manager or responsible entity of a registered scheme. 
An "Offshore Associate" is an associate (as defined in Section 128F) of the Issuer that is either a non- 
resident of Australia which does not acquire the Notes in carrying on a business at or through a 
permanent establishment in Australia or, alternatively, a resident of Australia that acquires the Notes 
in carrying on a business at or through a permanent establishment outside of Australia. 
To reduce the risk that the public offer test will not be satisfied the Issuer has identified its known 
associates and has requested that they do not acquire any of the Issuer's securities which were issued 
outside Australia. 
Section 126 of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 (Australia) imposes a type of withholding tax at 
a rate that is currently 45 per cent. on the payment of interest on Notes payable to bearer if the Issuer 
fails to disclose the names and addresses of the holders of those Notes to the Australian Taxation 
Office. Section 126 does not apply to the payment of interest on Notes held by non-residents who do 
not carry on business at or through a permanent establishment in Australia where the issue of those 
Notes satisfied the requirements of Section 128F or where interest withholding tax is payable. 
However, the operation of section 126 in relation to Notes held in some circumstances is unclear. 
Section 126 will not apply in any circumstances if the name and address of the holder of the relevant 
Notes is disclosed to the Australian Taxation Office. The Issuer intends to comply with Section 126 
without withholding in relation to any of the Notes by advising the Australian Taxation Office of the 
name and address of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holders of the relevant Notes.  
The Commissioner of Taxation of the Commonwealth of Australia has expressed the view that 
payments by an Australian resident guarantor to non-residents in relation to interest are themselves in 
the nature of interest and subject to Australian interest withholding tax. However, that expression of 
opinion has no binding effect on Noteholders and, as a matter of law, it is unclear whether it is 
correct. Even if the Commissioner's view prevailed, he has also expressed the view in Taxation 
Determination TD 1999/26 that the exemption from Australian interest withholding tax under Section 
128F will extend to payments made by a guarantor to a holder, on behalf of an issuer, in respect of 
debentures (such as the Notes) provided that the debentures are issued in a manner that satisfies the 
public offer test and which otherwise meets the requirements of Section 128F.  
If the Issuer is obligated by law at any time to withhold or deduct an amount in respect of any present 
or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Commonwealth 
of Australia or any political subdivision or authority thereof or therein having the power to tax, it will, 
subject to certain exceptions set out under Condition 7, pay such additional amounts as will result in 
the payment to the Holder concerned of the sum which would otherwise have been payable on the 
Notes. 
Australian Income and Other Taxes 
Under Australian law as currently in effect, a person who is a non-resident and who is a holder of 
Notes will not by reason only of that ownership incur or become liable for any Australian taxes or 
duties of whatsoever nature in respect of principal of or (except as described in "Australian Interest 
Withholding Tax" above, noting the exemption from that tax afforded by Section 128F where its 
requirements are complied with) interest, or amounts in the nature of interest (including original issue

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
discount, or premium, if any), in respect of, the Notes, provided that no such interest, amount in the 
nature of interest, or original issue discount or premium is derived in carrying on business at or 
through a permanent establishment in Australia. 
Under Australian law as currently in effect, no Australian income or other tax is payable on any profit 
on sale of the Notes which are always held by non-residents outside of Australia except if the profit 
from the sale has a source in Australia. A profit arising on the sale of the Notes by a non-Australian 
resident holder to another non-Australian resident where the Notes are sold outside Australia and all 
negotiations are conducted, and documentation executed, outside Australia, should generally not be 
regarded as having an Australian source. 
In the event that a profit from a sale of Notes is prima facie assessable in Australia, if the vendor is a 
resident of a country with which Australia has a double taxation treaty, then depending on the 
circumstances of the case and the terms of the relevant treaty, relief from Australian tax may 
nevertheless be available under the treaty. 
Australian holders of Notes will be required to include any gain on disposal of the Notes in their 
taxable income. Special rules apply to Australian residents who hold the Notes in the course of 
carrying on business at or through a permanent establishment outside Australia (which vary 
depending on the country in which that permanent establishment is located). 
Australian Inheritance Taxes 
Under Australian law as currently in effect, no Australian state or Federal estate duty or other 
inheritance taxes will be payable in respect of Notes held at the date of death regardless of the holder's 
domicile at the date of death. 
Australian Taxation of Financial Arrangements 
Specific rules concerning the taxation of financial arrangements (referred to as the "TOFA regime") 
may apply to the Notes, which may affect holders of Notes who are subject to Australian income tax 
other than Australian interest withholding tax.  However, the TOFA regime does not contain any 
measures that would override the exemption from Australian interest withholding tax available under 
Section 128F in respect of interest payable on the Notes.  
Common Reporting Standard 
The OECD Common Reporting Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information 
(the "CRS") requires certain financial institutions to report information regarding certain accounts 
(which may include the Notes) to their local tax authority and follow related due diligence procedures. 
Holders of Notes may be requested to provide certain information and certifications to ensure 
compliance with the CRS. A jurisdiction that has signed the CRS Competent Authority Agreement 
may provide the information to other jurisdictions that have signed the CRS Competent Authority 
Agreement. 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION 
The following information is of a general nature only and is included herein solely for information 
purposes. It is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor 
should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The information contained within this section is 
limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective investors in the Notes should therefore 
consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including 
Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a 
withholding tax or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law 
and/or concepts only. 
Withholding Tax 
(a) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on 
payments of principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on 
accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax 
payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
(b) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 
2005 as amended (the "Relibi Law") mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on 
payments of principal, premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, 
nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding 
tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident holders of 
Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying 
agent established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of 
Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be 
in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of 
the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will 
be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Accordingly, payments of interest under the 
Notes coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate 
of 20 per cent.  
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a 
common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia 
and Slovakia (the "participating Member States").  However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The proposed FTT has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain 
dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  The 
issuance and subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under current proposals the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating 
Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to 
the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States.  It 
may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  
Additional EU Member States may decide to participate.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Facility to 
be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market 
is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 
2014/65/EU). 
SIGNIFICANT OR MATERIAL CHANGE 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position and, save as disclosed 
on page 18 in the Risk Factor titled “The global outbreak of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) has, 
and will continue to adversely affect the Australian and Queensland economies”, there has been no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 30 June 2021, being the date of the end of 
the Issuer's last fiscal year.  
Save as disclosed on page 18 in the Risk Factor titled “The global outbreak of the novel coronavirus 
(COVID-19) has, and will continue to adversely affect the Australian and Queensland economies”, 
there has been no significant change in the tax and budgetary systems, gross public debt, foreign 
trade, financial position and resources and income and expenditure figures of the Guarantor since 30 
June 2021, being the date of the end of the Guarantor’s last fiscal year.  
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus (save in respect of the 
documents set out in paragraph (h) below, which will be available for a period of 10 years following 
the date of this Base Prospectus), copies of the following documents will, when published, be 
available 
for 
inspection 
at: 
https://www.qtc.com.au/institutional-investors/news-and-
publications/euro-medium-term-note-program-supplementary-disclosures/:  
(a) 
the Statutory Bodies Financial Arrangements Act 1982; 
(b) 
the Queensland Treasury Corporation Act 1988; 
(c) 
any future annual and interim reports published by the Issuer together with the Issuer's annual 
and interim consolidated financial statements for those periods; 
(d) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(e) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(f) 
the forms of the temporary global, permanent global and definitive Notes; 
(g) 
the Deed of Guarantee; and 
(h) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Any future information memoranda and supplements including Final Terms (save that a Final Terms 
relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in 
the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and 
identity) will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, www.bourse.lu. 
AUTHORISATION 
The establishment of the Facility by the Issuer and the subsequent increases in its nominal amount 
were made pursuant to section 18 of the Queensland Treasury Corporation Act 1988. The giving of 
the Guarantee by the Guarantor was approved by the Governor in Council of the State of Queensland 
by Executive Council Minute dated 27 January, 1994. The update of the Facility was approved by the 
Chief Executive of the Issuer on 23 November 2021.  
CONSENTS 
There are no governmental or regulatory consents required for the execution and performance by the 
Issuer and, where relevant, the Guarantor of the Distribution Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the 
Deed of Covenant and the Deed of Guarantee. 
LITIGATION 
There are no and nor have there been any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have 
or have had during the last twelve months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus a significant effect 
on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
AUDITOR 
The Auditor-General of Queensland, Brendan Worrall, has audited the Issuer's financial statements, 
without qualification, in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in Australia for the 
financial years ended 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2020. The Auditor-General of Queensland has no 
material interest in the Issuer or the Guarantor. The Auditor-General of Queensland is a member of 
CPA Australia. The address of the Auditor-General of Queensland is Level 14, 53 Albert Street, 
Brisbane, Queensland 4000, Australia.  
CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The 
appropriate Common Code and ISIN and, if available, the FISN and/or CFI for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
In addition, the Issuer may make an application for any Notes in registered form to be accepted for 
trading in book-entry form by DTC.  The CUSIP and/or CINS numbers for each Tranche of such 
Registered Notes, together with the relevant ISIN, (if applicable) common code and (if available) the 
FISN and/or CFI, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If the Notes are to clear through an 
additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium. The address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.  The address of DTC is 55 
Water Street, 22nd Floor, New York, NY 10041-0099, USA. 
DEALERS CONFLICTS 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively 
trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including 
bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies.  
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Facility. Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Facility. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that 
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
AUSTRALIAN EXCHANGE CONTROL RESTRICTIONS  
There is a prohibition on, or in some cases the specific prior approval of the Australian Department of 
Foreign Affairs and Trade or the Minister for Foreign Affairs must be obtained for, certain payments 
or other dealings connected with parties identified with terrorism or to whom United Nations or 
autonomous Australian sanctions apply.  The Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade 
maintains a list of all persons and entities having a proscribed connection with terrorism, or to whom 
United Nations or autonomous Australian sanctions apply, which is available to the public at the 
Department’s website at http://www.dfat.gov.au/international-http://www.dfat.gov.au/international-
relations/security/sanctions/consolidated-list. 
CONDITIONS FOR DETERMINING PRICE 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Facility will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
YIELD 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on 
the basis of the relevant Issue Price.  The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as 
at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
THIRD PARTY SOURCE 
Where identified as such, certain information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from a third 
party. This information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
HEAD OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Level 31, 111 Eagle Street, 
Brisbane 
Queensland 4000 
OFFICE OF THE TREASURER ON BEHALF OF THE STATE OF QUEENSLAND 
Level 38, 
1 William Street, 
Brisbane Qld 4000 
Telephone number: +61 7 3035 1933 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law 
To the Issuer as to Australian taxation law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Allen & Overy 
One Bishops Square, 
Level 25 
London E1 6AD 
85 Castlereagh Street 
 
Sydney NSW 2000 
 
 
DEALERS 
Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited 
28th Floor 
40 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5EJ 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Commonwealth Bank of Australia 
Citigroup Centre, 
60 Ludgate Hill, 
Canada Square 
1 New Ludgate 
Canary Wharf, 
London EC4M 7AW 
London E14 5LB 
 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
Winchester House, 
25 Bank Street 
1 Great Winchester Street 
Canary Wharf  
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
London E14 5JP  
 
 
Merrill Lynch International 
National Australia Bank Limited, ABN 12 004 
044 937 
2 King Edward Street 
The Scalpel, 52 Lime Street 
London EC1A 1HQ 
London, EC3M 7AF 
 
 
Nomura International plc 
RBC Europe Limited 
1 Angel Lane, 
100 Bishopsgate, 
London EC4R 3AB 
London EC2N 4AA 
 
 
The Toronto-Dominion Bank 
UBS AG London Branch  
60 Threadneedle Street 
5 Broadgate,  
London EC2R 8AP 
United Kingdom 
London EC2M 2QS 
 
 
Westpac Banking Corporation 
Camomile Court

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
23 Camomile Street 
London EC3A 7LL 
 
 
LISTING AGENT, REGISTRAR AND PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
 
AGENT, TRANSFER AGENT AND EXCHANGE AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House, 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
UKO2: 2003776347.14