--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Queensland Treasury Corporation 
(A corporation constituted under the laws of the State of Queensland) 
U.S.$10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Facility 
guaranteed by 
The Treasurer of the State of Queensland on behalf of 
The Government of Queensland 
 
Arranger 
UBS Investment Bank 
Dealers 
Australia and New Zealand Banking Group 
Limited 
ABN 11 005 357 522 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Commonwealth Bank of Australia 
ABN 48 123 123 124 
Deutsche Bank 
J.P. Morgan 
National Australia Bank Limited 
ABN 12 004 044 937 
Nomura 
RBC Capital Markets 
TD Securities 
UBS Investment Bank 
Westpac Banking Corporation 
ABN 33 007 457 141 
 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 25 January 2021

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  When used in this Base Prospectus, "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
Queensland Treasury Corporation (the "Issuer" or the "Corporation" or "QTC") and the Government 
of Queensland (the "Guarantor" and, together the "Responsible Persons") accept responsibility for 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge and belief of the 
Responsible Persons (each having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Any notes issued under this U.S.$10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Facility (the "Notes" and 
the "Facility" respectively) on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the 
provisions described herein. This does not affect any Notes issued prior to the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents incorporated by reference"). This Base Prospectus 
shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are so incorporated and form part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents incorporated by reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF"). 
Subject as set out herein, this Base Prospectus and any supplement hereto will only be valid for 
issuing Notes of up to U.S.$10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in the other currencies provided for 
herein) outstanding at any one time, calculated by reference to the Exchange Rate prevailing at the 
Agreement Date (each as defined in the penultimate paragraph of "Form of the Notes") and otherwise 
on the basis specified in "Form of the Notes". The Notes will be issued on a continuing basis to one or 
more of the Dealers. Notes may be issued to persons other than Dealers. Dealers and such other 
persons are together referred to as "Dealers". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the CSSF, as competent authority 
under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantor or 
of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. 
The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. Application has been 
made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Facility to be admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from 
its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area (the "EEA"). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this 
Base Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that 
such Notes have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and 
have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  The Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU) (as amended or superseded, the "MifID II"). 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the 
issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined 
under "Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the "Final 
Terms") which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be filed 
with the CSSF.  Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
The Facility provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such 
other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer (as defined below).  The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to 
trading on any market. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has been rated AA+ by Standard & Poor's (Australia) Pty. Ltd. 
("S&P"), Aa1 by Moody's Investors Service Pty Limited ("Moody's") and AA by Fitch Australia Pty. 
Ltd. ("Fitch").  S&P, Moody's and Fitch are established outside the European Union and the United 
Kingdom and have not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the "CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).  Ratings by S&P are 
endorsed by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, ratings by 
Moody's are endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH and Moody's Investors Service Ltd., and 
ratings by Fitch are endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and Fitch Ratings Limited, each of 
which is a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation or established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, 
respectively, each in accordance with the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, as applicable, 
and have not been withdrawn.  A list of EU registered credit rating agencies is available on the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
("ESMA") 
website 
at 
www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk (list last updated on 14 November 
2019).  
Notes issued under the Facility may be rated or unrated by any one or more of the rating agencies 
referred to above.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated at the request of the Issuer, such rating will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to 
the Issuer or the Guarantor by the relevant rating agency.  A security rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. Credit ratings are for distribution only to a person (a) who is not a 
"retail client" within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (the 
“Corporations Act”) and is also a sophisticated investor, professional investor or other investor in 
respect of whom disclosure is not required under Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Corporations Act, and (b) 
who is otherwise permitted to receive credit ratings in accordance with applicable law in any 
jurisdiction in which the person may be located. This Base Prospectus may not be distributed to 
anyone who is not such a person and any person who receives this Base Prospectus is advised that 
they must not distribute it to any person who is not entitled to receive it. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of LIBOR or 
EURIBOR as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
administrator of EURIBOR (European Money Markets Institute) is included in ESMA's register of 
administrators under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation"), but not the register (the “UK Benchmarks Register”) of administrators and benchmarks

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
established and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) pursuant to Article 36 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation"). The administrator of LIBOR (ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited) is included in the UK Benchmarks Register, but not the ESMA's 
register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply such that ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited is not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, 
if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). As far as the Issuer 
is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation apply such that 
European Money Markets Institute is not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if 
located outside the United Kingdom, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).   
An investment in Notes issued under the Facility involves certain risks. For a discussion of these 
risks see "Risk factors". 
The Dealers specified on page 9 (the "Dealers", which expression shall include any additional 
Dealers appointed under the Facility from time to time) have not separately verified the information 
contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is 
made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness 
of the information contained in this Base Prospectus, or any further information supplied in 
connection with the Notes. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements or further 
information supplied in connection with the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by either the Issuer or any of the 
Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements nor any further information supplied 
in connection with the Notes shall be considered as a recommendation by either the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any financial 
statements or any further information supplied in connection with the Notes should purchase any of 
the Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing Notes should make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of 
the Issuer and/or the Guarantor. None of this Base Prospectus, any other financial statements or any 
further information supplied in connection with the Notes constitute an offer or invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers or any of them to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any of 
the Notes. 
The delivery of this Base Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained herein 
concerning the Issuer and/or the Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or 
that any other financial statements or any further information supplied in connection with the Notes is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The 
Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial or other condition or affairs of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor during the life of the Facility. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recent 
financial statements of the Issuer when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes issued under 
the Facility. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of the Notes may be restricted by law in 
certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes come must 
inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. In particular, there are restrictions on 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of the Notes in the United States of 
America, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Australia, Japan, Canada, Hong Kong (as defined below),

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
New Zealand, Singapore and the People’s Republic of China (see below and "Subscription and 
Sale"). 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any Notes with a denomination of less than 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) will (i) only be admitted to trading on an EEA 
regulated market as defined in MiFID II, or a specific segment of an EEA regulated market, to which 
only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access (in which case they 
shall not be offered or sold to non-qualified investors) or (ii) only be offered to the public in a 
Member State of the EEA pursuant to an exemption under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation.  
Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer of Notes in that Member State may 
only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor 
any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances 
in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for 
such offer. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other 
professional advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of an investment in 
the Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or in any applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have 
on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor's currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant financial markets; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (1) the Notes are legal investments for it, (2) the Notes can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowings and (3) any other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine 
the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE) 
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as 
amended or modified, the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, all Notes shall be ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
U.S. INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus is being submitted on a confidential basis in the United States to a limited 
number of QIBs (as defined in "Form of the Notes") for informational use solely in connection with 
the consideration of the purchase of the Notes being offered hereby.  Its use for any other purpose in 
the United States is not authorised.  It may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it 
be distributed or any of its contents disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to whom 
it is originally submitted. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Notes in registered form may be offered or sold within the United States only to QIBs in transactions 
exempt from registration under the Securities Act.  Each U.S. purchaser of Notes in registered form is

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
hereby notified that the offer and sale of any Notes in registered form to it may be being made in 
reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 
144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A"). 
Each purchaser or holder of Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Note (as defined in "Form of 
the Notes") or any Notes issued in registered form in exchange or substitution therefor (together 
"Legended Notes") will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such Legended Notes, to 
have made certain representations and agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer of 
such Notes as set out in "Subscription and Sale" and "Transfer Restrictions".  Unless otherwise 
stated, terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in "Form of the Notes". 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, 
nor have the foregoing authorities approved this Offering Circular or confirmed the accuracy or 
determined the adequacy of the information contained in this Offering Circular.  Any representation 
to the contrary is unlawful.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES 
The Issuer is a corporation constituted under the laws of the State of Queensland, Australia.  All of 
the officers and directors named herein reside outside the United States and all or a substantial 
portion of the assets of the Issuer and of such officers and directors are located outside the United 
States.  As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process outside Australia 
upon the Issuer or such persons, or to enforce judgments against them obtained in courts outside 
Australia predicated upon civil liabilities of the Issuer or such directors and officers under laws other 
than Australian law, including any judgment predicated upon United States federal securities laws. 
Similar considerations also apply in the case of the Guarantor.   
OTHER INFORMATION 
All references to "U.S.$" and "U.S. dollars" are to United States dollars, references to "euro" and "€" 
refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended, references to 
"Yen" and "¥" are to Japanese yen, references to "sterling" and "£" are to pounds sterling, references 
to "$", "A$", "Australian $" and "dollars" are to Australian dollars and reference to Renminbi, RMB 
and CNY are to the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China (the "PRC") which, for the 
purposes of this Base Prospectus, excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC 
("Hong Kong"), the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan. As used herein, 
the term "United States" or "U.S." means the United States of America (including the States and the 
District of Columbia), its territories, its possessions (including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico) 
and other areas subject to its jurisdiction, and the term "United States person" means a citizen or 
resident of the United States, a corporation, partnership or other entity created or organised in or 
under the laws of the United States or any political subdivision thereof or an estate or trust the 
income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source. In this 
Offering Circular, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law 
is 
a 
reference 
to 
that 
law 
or 
provision 
as 
extended, 
amended 
or 
re-enacted.

--- Page 9 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
Overview of the Facility ....................................................................................................................... 10 
Risk Factors .......................................................................................................................................... 16 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ................................................................................................. 27 
General Description of the Facility ....................................................................................................... 30 
Form of the Notes ................................................................................................................................. 31 
Applicable Final Terms ......................................................................................................................... 35 
Conditions of the Notes ........................................................................................................................ 49 
Use of Proceeds..................................................................................................................................... 85 
Book-Entry Clearance Systems ............................................................................................................ 86 
Transfer Restrictions ............................................................................................................................. 90 
Queensland Treasury Corporation ........................................................................................................ 93 
Queensland ............................................................................................................................................ 97 
Queensland Economy ........................................................................................................................... 99 
Principal Sectors of the Queensland Economy ................................................................................... 114 
Financial Relationship with the Commonwealth of Australia ............................................................ 120 
Queensland Government Finances ...................................................................................................... 125 
Public Debt.......................................................................................................................................... 134 
Subscription and Sale .......................................................................................................................... 139 
Taxation .............................................................................................................................................. 146 
General Information ............................................................................................................................ 152 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as 
the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions (in each case outside 
Australia and not on any market in Australia) with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate 
public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if 
begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE FACILITY 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may 
agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, 
in which event, in the case of listed Notes only and, if appropriate, a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus or a new base prospectus will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Facility for the purposes of the Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the "Delegated Regulation").  
Words and expressions defined in "Conditions of the Notes" below shall have the same meaning in 
this Overview: 
 
Issuer: 
Queensland Treasury Corporation. 
Issuer 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
("LEI"): 
98INKCEEHOU5YJS0HQ88 
Guarantor: 
The Treasurer on behalf of The Government of Queensland. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the Facility. 
These are set out under "Risk Factors" below and include the 
impact a downturn in the Queensland economy may have on 
the Issuer, the risks related to the inability of the Issuer to 
access suitable funding markets when required, the exposure of 
the Issuer to counterparties in the financial services industry 
and/or the possibility that the Issuer suffers a loss. There are 
also certain factors that may affect the Guarantor's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee. These are also set out 
under "Risk Factors" below and include the impact a downturn 
in the Queensland economy, market volatility and recent market 
developments may have on the Guarantor. In addition, there are 
certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing 
the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Facility, 
these are set out under "Risk Factors" below and include, inter 
alia, market risks related to the Notes, including liquidity risk, 
exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and credit risk. 
Arranger: 
UBS AG London Branch. 
Dealers: 
Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited ABN 11 
005 357 522 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
Merrill Lynch International 
National Australia Bank Limited ABN 12 004 044 937 
Nomura International plc

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
RBC Europe Limited 
The Toronto-Dominion Bank 
UBS AG London Branch 
Westpac Banking Corporation ABN 33 007 457 141. 
 
Under the Distribution Agreement other institutions may be 
appointed as Dealers either in relation to the Facility as a whole 
or in relation to specific issues thereunder. Issues of Notes 
denominated in sterling are subject to certain restrictions, see 
"General Information". 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see "Subscription and Sale" and "Transfer Restrictions"), 
including the following restrictions applicable at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes with a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, 
constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on 
accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") 
unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Agent, 
Transfer 
Agent 
and 
Exchange Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. 
Amount: 
Up to U.S.$10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies at the time of agreement to issue) outstanding at any 
one time. Under the Distribution Agreement the nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding under the Facility may be 
increased, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions set out 
therein. 
Description: 
Continuously offered Euro Medium Term Notes. 
Distribution: 
Notes will be distributed on a private or syndicated placement 
basis. 
Currencies: 
U.S. dollars, euro, Yen, sterling, Australian dollars, Canadian 
dollars, New Zealand dollars, Hong Kong dollars, Norwegian 
kroner, Renminbi, Swedish kronor, Swiss francs and Danish 
kroner or such other currency or currencies as may be agreed 
with the relevant Dealer subject to any applicable legal or 
regulatory restrictions.  
Maturities: 
Any maturity subject to such minimum or maximum maturity

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body, however called) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the relevant currency or the Issuer. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at par or at a discount to, or premium over, 
par. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on a specified date or 
dates in each year (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
and on redemption, and will be calculated on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on 
the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed 
by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc.) or on the basis of a reference rate appearing 
on an agreed screen page of a commercial quotation service. 
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their principal amount and will not bear interest other than in 
relation to interest due after the Maturity Date. 
Low Interest (discount) Notes: 
Low Interest (discount) Notes will be offered and sold at a 
discount to their principal amount and will bear interest at a rate 
lower than would otherwise be payable if they were issued at or 
about par. 
High Interest (premium) Notes: 
High Interest (premium) Notes will be offered and sold at a 
premium to their principal amount and will bear interest at a 
rate higher than would otherwise be payable if they were issued 
at or about par. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes, if the Issuer determines that 
a Benchmark Event has occurred, the relevant benchmark or 
screen rate may be replaced by a Successor Rate or, if there is 
no Successor Rate but the Issuer determines there is an 
Alternative Rate (acting in good faith, in a commercially 
reasonable manner and by reference to such sources as it deems 
appropriate, which may include consultation with an

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Independent Adviser), such Alternative Rate. An Adjustment 
Spread may also be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be), together with any 
Benchmark Amendments (which in the case of any Alternative 
Rate, any Adjustment Spread (unless formally recommended or 
provided for) and any Benchmark Amendments shall be 
determined by the Issuer, acting in good faith, in a 
commercially reasonable manner and by reference to such 
sources as it deems appropriate, which may include 
consultation with an Independent Adviser). For further 
information, see Condition 4.4. 
Redemption: 
The Final Terms applicable to each issue of Notes will indicate 
either that the Notes of that issue cannot be redeemed prior to 
their stated maturity, except for taxation reasons or following 
an Event of Default, or that such Notes will be redeemable at 
the option of the Issuer and/or at the option of the holder(s) of 
such Notes upon giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
irrevocable notice to the relevant Noteholders or the Issuer, as 
the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may 
be indicated in the applicable Final Terms. The Notes will only 
be redeemed at an amount other than 100 per cent. of their 
nominal amount in the case of certain Zero Coupon Notes. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
Restrictions — Notes with a maturity of less than one year" 
above. 
Form of the Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in either bearer or registered form as 
set out in the applicable Final Terms.  Registered Notes will not 
be exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Denominations of definitive Notes: 
Such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer and as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms save that the minimum denomination of each Note will 
be such minimum denomination as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body, however called) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the relevant currency or the Issuer, see "Certain Restrictions — 
Notes with a maturity of less than one year" above and save that 
the minimum denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, 
if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent in such other currency), unless the Notes will (i) 
only be admitted to trading on an EEA regulated market (as 
defined in MiFID II), or a specific segment of the EEA 
regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access (in which case 
they shall not be offered or sold to non-qualified investors), or 
(ii) only be offered to the public in an EEA Member State 
pursuant to an exemption under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed 
within Australia, subject as provided in Condition 7. In the 
event that any such deduction is made, the Issuer or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 7, be required to pay 
additional amounts to cover the amounts deducted. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and, save for certain securities referred 
to in Condition 3, will rank pari passu with all other direct and 
general unsecured obligations (other than subordinated 
obligations, if any) of the Issuer for borrowed money. 
Guarantee: 
The Guarantor will guarantee the payment when due of all 
amounts that are or may become payable by the Issuer on or in 
respect of the Notes. The Guarantee will be a direct and 
unconditional obligation of the Guarantor. All moneys payable 
by the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be a charge upon, 
and will be paid out of, the Consolidated Fund of the State of 
Queensland which will be to the extent necessary appropriated 
accordingly, and the Guarantee will rank pari passu with all of 
the Guarantor's other unsecured obligations. 
Cross default: 
The Notes will contain a cross default in relation to the due 
payment of principal in respect of any indebtedness for 
borrowed money or under any guarantee in respect of any 
indebtedness for borrowed money in each case in excess of 
U.S.$10,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or 
currencies).  
Rating: 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has been rated AA+ by 
S&P, Aa1 by Moody's and AA by Fitch.  
 
Notes issued under the Facility may be rated or unrated by any 
one or more of the rating agencies referred to above.  Where a 
Tranche of Notes is rated at the request of the Issuer, such 
rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms and will 
not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer 
or the Guarantor by the relevant rating agency.  A security 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this 
document as a base prospectus. Application has also been made 
to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Facility to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Notes may also 
be listed on such other or further stock exchange(s) as may be 
agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to each 
Series. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
not admitted to trading on any market. 
Governing law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Japan, 
Australia, Canada, Hong Kong, New Zealand, Singapore and 
the PRC and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Series of 
Notes, see "Subscription and Sale" and "Transfer Restrictions".

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the following factors may affect the Issuer's and 
the Guarantor's ability to fulfil their respective obligations in respect of the Notes issued under the 
Facility. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and neither the Issuer 
nor the Guarantor is in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency 
occurring. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Facility are also described below. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the factors described below represent the principal 
risks inherent in investing in the Notes issued under the Facility, but the inability of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur 
for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer or the Guarantor based 
on information currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference and reach their own views prior to making 
any investment decision. 
Factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Facility  
A downturn in the Queensland economy could have an impact on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Facility  
The Issuer derives the majority of its income from interest income derived from its on-lendings to 
Queensland state governmental bodies. The ability of these bodies to make principal and interest 
payments may be impacted by any materially adverse changes in the Queensland economy. If these 
bodies were unable to fulfil their obligations to make payments of principal and interest on on-lent 
funds, this may have an adverse impact on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes 
issued under the Facility. 
The Issuer may be unable to access suitable funding markets when required or it may suffer a 
significant loss of capital 
The Issuer may be unable to access suitable funding markets when required 
The most likely impact of this risk would be that the Issuer may have a delay in accessing appropriate 
funding markets. In the worst case, the Issuer may be unable to refinance significant loans or Notes 
becoming due. 
The Issuer may suffer a significant loss of capital 
The most likely impact of this risk would be that the Issuer may suffer a loss as a result of market 
changes adversely affecting any positions that it may have taken. 
Soundness of Financial Institutions 
QTC's exposure to counterparties in the financial services industry is relatively significant. This 
exposure mainly arises through its funding in the capital market and investment activities. These 
counterparties mainly include commercial banks and investment banks. Many of these relationships 
expose QTC to credit risk in the event of default of a counterparty. In addition, QTC's credit risk may

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
be exacerbated when the collateral it holds is not sufficient, cannot be realised upon or is liquidated at 
prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure it is due. Many of 
the hedging and other risk management strategies utilised by QTC also involve transactions with 
financial services counterparties. The weakness or insolvency of these counterparties may impair the 
effectiveness of the QTC hedging and other risk management strategies. 
Factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Facility and/or the Guarantor's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee 
Disruption of technology systems or breaches of data security may adversely impact the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor's operations, reputation and financial position 
Many of the day-to-day operations of the Issuer and Guarantor are computer-based, and therefore the 
reliability and security of the Issuer and Guarantor's information technology systems and 
infrastructure are essential. Technology risk may arise from events including a failure of these 
systems to operate effectively, an inability to restore or recover such systems in acceptable 
timeframes, a breach of data security, or other form of cyber-attack. These events may be wholly or 
partially beyond the control of the Issuer and the Guarantor. Such events may result in disruption to 
operations, reputation damage, litigation, loss or theft of data, or regulatory investigations and 
penalties. This may adversely impact the Issuer and the Guarantor's financial performance and 
position. 
Climate-related events could adversely affect the Issuer and the Guarantor 
Climate change may present risks arising from extreme weather events, such as, but not limited to, 
severe storms, cyclones, floods, rising sea levels, drought and fires. In recent years, extreme La Niña 
weather patterns and tropical cyclones have caused flooding and significant infrastructure and 
property damage over large parts of the State of Queensland, and persistent drought conditions have 
effected crop production and livestock, as well as increased the intensity and frequency of bushfires. 
The economic and financial implications of such events may adversely impact the Issuer’s and 
Guarantor’s financial performance and position and ultimately have an adverse impact on the Issuer's 
ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes and/or the ability of the Guarantor to fulfil its obligations 
under the Guarantee.    
Factors that may affect the Guarantor's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee 
To understand the ways in which the Guarantor endeavours to protect against certain of the risks 
summarised below, see the discussion below under "Queensland Economy". 
A downturn in the economy of Queensland or Australia could have an impact on the Guarantor's 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee 
The Guarantor guarantees the payment of principal and interest when due on the Notes. The 
Guarantor relies to a large extent on personal and corporate income taxes and goods and services 
taxes and grants from the Commonwealth of Australia to meet its funding obligations. The 
Guarantor's main sources of revenue are transfers from the Commonwealth (Goods and Services 
Taxation revenue) and State taxation revenue. As most of these revenues are economy based, a 
material adverse change in the Queensland economy could result in decreased tax revenues. In 
addition, a material adverse change in the economy of Australia could affect the amount of transfer 
payments that the Guarantor receives. Either of these events could ultimately adversely affect the 
ability of the Guarantor to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
The global outbreak of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) has, and will continue to adversely 
affect the Australian and Queensland economies 
The outbreak of COVID-19 commenced in early 2020 and has spread globally, causing significant 
disruption across a number of regions, industries and markets. COVID-19 was officially declared a 
pandemic by the World Health Organization on 11 March 2020. 
The outbreak of COVID-19 in Australia has resulted in federal, state and local governments within 
Australia, including the State of Queensland, implementing a number of measures including 
significant restrictions on movement, travel and transportation both internationally and interstate and 
prolonged closures of workplaces, schools and retail areas to help contain the virus. In contrast to 
North America and Europe, the measures undertaken in Australia generally, and in the State of 
Queensland in particular, appear to have been relatively successful in limiting community 
transmission of COVID-19 to date. However, the measures implemented to limit the spread of the 
virus have had a significant impact on economic activity, particularly in industries that depend on the 
movement of people, such as tourism and the education of overseas students. 
The long-term effects of COVID-19 on Australia and the State of Queensland are difficult to assess or 
predict. They may include risks to public health and safety, as well as reduced goods and services 
exports, international education, tourism and other economic activity, which in turn could result in 
decreased revenue for both the Commonwealth and state governments and increased expenditures. 
These consequences may affect the Issuer’s and Guarantor’s credit ratings. The Issuer and the 
Guarantor cannot predict the path of the pandemic in Australia or the State of Queensland, and 
whether restrictions on interstate and international travel will be prolonged or additional mitigation 
measures required. In addition, the Australian and Queensland economies may be affected by the 
impact of COVID-19 elsewhere in the region and beyond, such as measures undertaken by other 
countries that suspend travel or that limit trade, and by the effects of lower or negative economic 
growth in their major trading partners. These conditions could in turn adversely affect the Issuer’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as the Guarantor. 
Ongoing Market Volatility and Recent Market Conditions 
The Queensland economy is affected by current global economic conditions, including regional and 
international rates of economic growth. The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly increased the level 
of macroeconomic uncertainty globally. Any downturns in the global economy, whether as a result of 
the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, may lead to increased market volatility and decreased 
consumer confidence. The potential impact of such global economic pressure on the Guarantor is 
uncertain. There can be no assurance that the Queensland economy will grow in a prolonged negative 
global economic climate.  
Any slowdown in the growth of the Chinese economy or a deterioration in trade relations with China, 
given that China is Queensland's largest export destination, could affect the Guarantor. In addition, the 
State of Queensland exports various primary products, including commodities, coal, liquefied natural 
gas and beef, and the prices for some of those exports are driven by global forces. Changes in global 
political conditions, such as the transition to the Biden administration in the United States, the impact 
of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement reached between the United Kingdom and the European 
Union, potential changes in U.S. economic policies under the Biden administration and on-going trade 
tensions with China and the EU, the impacts of the global COVID-19 pandemic (see "Risk Factors - 
The global outbreak of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) has, and will continue to adversely affect 
the Australian and Queensland economies" above), and continued or escalated conflict in the Middle 
East, North Korea or elsewhere in the world have the potential to lead to extended periods of 
increased political and economic uncertainty and volatility in the global financial markets.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
These factors, particularly should current conditions begin to deteriorate, could materially and 
adversely affect the markets in ways that are difficult to predict or effectively manage. This in turn 
could adversely affect QTC's business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as the 
Guarantor. 
FACTORS THAT INVESTORS SHOULD CONSIDER WHEN ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE FACILITY 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Facility. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors.   
Risks applicable to the Structure of a particular issue of Notes 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer may limit the market value of those Notes 
The applicable Final Terms may indicate that the relevant Notes are redeemable at the Issuer's option 
on or after a specified date prior to their stated maturity at a specified price or prices (which may 
include a premium), together with accrued interest to the date of redemption. An optional redemption 
feature of Notes may limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem 
Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which 
they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment 
risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any 
conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such 
Notes as the change of interest may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes 
convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where 
the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing 
rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than prices for more conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the greater the 
price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
Future discontinuance of LIBOR may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes which 
reference LIBOR, and other regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the 
value of Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices, such as LIBOR and EURIBOR, which are deemed to be benchmarks, are 
the subject of recent international and national regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause 
such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect 
on any Notes linked to or referencing such a benchmark. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) 
prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") among other things, applies to the 
provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the 
UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or 
registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed), subject to certain transitional provisions. 
Regulatory reforms, such as the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, 
as applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark", in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with 
the requirements of any such regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
"benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms (including those announced in relation to 
LIBOR and the application of any similar reforms to other "benchmarks"), or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark"; or (iii) lead to the disappearance of 
the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, or any other such reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Investors should be aware that in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the conditions of the Notes provide 
for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, including an inter-bank 
offered rate such as LIBOR or EURIBOR or other relevant reference rates ceases to exist or be 
published or another Benchmark Event occurs. These fallback arrangements include the possibility 
that the Rate of Interest could be determined by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate 
and that an Adjustment Spread may be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate as a result 
of the replacement of the relevant benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), together with the making of certain 
Benchmark Amendments to the conditions of such Notes, which in the case of any Alternative Rate, 
any Adjustment Spread (unless formally recommended or provided for) and any Benchmark 
Amendments shall be determined by the Issuer (acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable 
manner and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation 
with an Independent Adviser). Any Adjustment Spread that is applied may not be effective to reduce

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
or eliminate economic prejudice to investors. The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) is also still likely to result in any Notes 
linked to or referencing a benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower 
Rate of Interest) than they would if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply in its current 
form. 
In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a 
particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being 
used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the 
rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page or, if applicable, the initial Rate of Interest 
applicable to such Notes on the Interest Commencement Date. In addition, due to the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, any determinations that may 
need to be made by the Issuer and the involvement of any Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of and return on 
any such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or 
existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations 
under the Floating Rate Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and 
the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes. Investors should consider these matters when 
making their investment decision with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
Risks relating to Notes denominated in Renminbi  
Set out below is a description of the principal risks which may be relevant to an investor in Notes 
denominated in Renminbi ("Renminbi Notes"):  
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible, there are significant restrictions on the remittance of 
Renminbi into and out of the PRC and the liquidity of investments in Renminbi Notes is subject to 
such restrictions 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The government 
of the PRC (the "PRC Government") continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign 
currencies despite significant reduction in the control by the PRC Government in recent years over 
trade transactions involving the import and export of goods and services, as well as other frequent 
routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items. 
Participating banks in Hong Kong and a number of other jurisdictions (the "Applicable Jurisdictions") 
have been permitted to engage in the settlement of current account trade transactions in Renminbi; 
however, remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account items, 
such as capital contributions, debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted 
upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the 
relevant authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in 
the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for settlement of capital account 
items are (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) being developed. 
Although Renminbi was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket of currencies, in addition to the 
U.S. dollar, euro, Yen and sterling, created by the International Monetary Fund as an international 
reserve asset in 2016 and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-border 
transactions in foreign currencies were implemented by The People’s Bank of China (the “PBoC”) in 
2018, there is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to liberalise control over cross-
border remittance of Renminbi in the future or that new regulations in the PRC will not be 
promulgated that have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or 
outside the PRC. In the event that funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in Renminbi, this may

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source 
Renminbi to finance its obligations under Renminbi Notes. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of 
Renminbi Notes and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service Renminbi 
Notes 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, 
the availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited.  
While the PBoC has entered into agreements on the clearing of Renminbi business (the “Settlement 
Agreements”) with financial institutions in a number of financial centres and cities (each, an “RMB 
Clearing Bank”), including, but not limited to, Hong Kong, and is in the process of establishing 
Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other jurisdictions, the size of Renminbi 
denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited.   
There are restrictions imposed by the PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of 
cross-border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. 
Furthermore, Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support 
from the PBoC. The relevant RMB Clearing Bank only has access to onshore liquidity support from 
the PBoC for the purpose of settling open positions of participating banks for limited types of 
transactions. The relevant RMB Clearing Bank is not obliged to settle for participating banks any 
open positions resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. Where 
onshore liquidity support from the PBoC is not available, the participating banks will need to source 
Renminbi from outside the PRC to settle such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its 
growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. 
There is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement 
Agreements will not be terminated or amended so as to have the effect of restricting availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the 
liquidity of investments in Renminbi Notes. To the extent that the Issuer is required to source 
Renminbi outside the PRC to service Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance that the Issuer will be 
able to source Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
Although the Issuer's primary obligation is to make all payments with respect to Renminbi Notes in 
Renminbi, where a RMB Currency Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in the event the 
Issuer determines, while acting in good faith, that one of RMB Inconvertibility, RMB Non-
Transferability or RMB Illiquidity (each as defined in Condition 6.7) has occurred, as a result of 
which, the Issuer is unable to make any payment in respect of Renminbi Notes in Renminbi, the terms 
of such Renminbi Notes will permit the Issuer to make payment in U.S. dollars (or such other 
currency as may be specified in the Final Terms) converted using the Spot Rate for the relevant 
Determination Date, all as provided in Condition 6.7. The value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. 
dollar terms may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the market place.  
An investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks  
The value of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to 
time and is affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions and by 
many other factors. The PBoC has in recent years implemented changes to the way it calculates the 
Renminbi's daily mid-point against the U.S. dollar to take into account market-maker quotes before 
announcing such daily mid-point. This change and others that may be implemented, may increase the 
volatility in the value of the Renminbi against other currencies. All payments of interest and principal 
with respect to Renminbi Notes will be made in Renminbi unless a RMB Currency Event is specified

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
in the applicable Final Terms, and a RMB Currency Event occurs, in which case payment will be 
made in U.S. dollars. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollars or other 
foreign currency terms may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of 
the Renminbi depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign currencies, then the value 
of any investment in Renminbi Notes in terms of the U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign currency 
will decline. 
An investment in fixed rate Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risks 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in 
markets outside the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as a 
result of foreign exchange controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market 
conditions. 
If a Renminbi Note carries a fixed interest rate, then the trading price of such Renminbi Notes will 
vary with fluctuations in Renminbi interest rates. If an investor in Renminbi Notes tries to sell such 
Renminbi Notes before their maturity then they may receive an offer that is less than the amount 
invested. 
Payments in respect of Renminbi Notes will be made to investors in the manner specified in the 
Conditions  
Investors might be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi 
account information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the 
Renminbi clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong or such other RMB 
Settlement Centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. All Renminbi payments to 
investors in respect of Renminbi Notes will be made solely: (i) for so long as Renminbi Notes are 
represented by Global Notes held with the common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), by transfer to a Renminbi 
bank account maintained in Hong Kong or any such other RMB Settlement Centre(s) in accordance 
with prevailing Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg rules and procedures, or (ii) for so long as 
Renminbi Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong 
Kong or such other RMB Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. 
Other than as described in Condition 6.7, the Issuer cannot be required to make payment by any other 
means (including in any other currency or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
There might be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in Renminbi Notes 
In considering whether to invest in Renminbi Notes, investors should consult their individual tax 
advisers with regard to the application of PRC tax laws to their particular situation, as well as any tax 
consequences arising under the laws of any other tax jurisdictions. The value of the Noteholder’s 
investment in Renminbi Notes may be materially and adversely affected if the Noteholder is required 
to pay PRC tax with respect to acquiring, holding or disposing of and receiving payments under those 
Renminbi Notes. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Modification may adversely affect the interest of holders of the Notes 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of the holders of the Notes to 
consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
through the use of electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all holders 
of the Notes, including holders of the Notes who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as 
the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including 
those holders of the Notes who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Issuer and the Agent may, without the consent of 
holders of the Notes, agree to any modification to any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement and 
the Notes which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or which is made to correct a manifest or 
proven error.  
Any change of law may adversely impact the Notes 
The conditions of the Notes are governed by English law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact on the Notes of any possible judicial decision 
or change to English law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Trading in the clearing systems 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a specified minimum denomination and higher integral 
multiples of another smaller amount, should definitive Notes be required to be issued, a holder who 
holds less than the minimum denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system would not 
be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at 
or in excess of the specified minimum denomination such that its holding amounts to the minimum 
denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is 
less than the specified minimum denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the 
relevant time may not receive his entitlement in the form of definitive Notes unless and until such 
time as his holding equals the minimum denomination or any higher permitted denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the specified minimum denomination may be illiquid 
and difficult to trade.  
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks related to the Notes, including 
liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and credit risk.  
Illiquidity may have an adverse effect on the market value of Notes 
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market does develop for the Notes, it may not be very liquid and investments in Notes may trade at a 
discount to their initial offering price depending on prevailing interest rates, market for similar 
securities, general economic conditions and the Issuer’s and/or Guarantor’s financial condition. 
Therefore, investors may be unable to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a 
yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly 
the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed 
for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more 
limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may 
have an adverse effect on the market value of Notes.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls may adversely affect an investor's return on the Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantor will make any payments 
under the Guarantee in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency other than 
the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change, including 
changes due to depreciation or appreciation of the Specified Currency relative to the investor's 
currency, and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the investor's currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the investor's currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease (1) the equivalent yield on the Notes in the investor's currency, (2) 
the equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes in the investor's currency and (3) the 
equivalent market value of the Notes in the investor's currency.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate as well as the availability of a specified 
foreign currency at the time of any payment of principal or interest on a Note or any payments under 
the Guarantee. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest 
or principal. Even if there are no actual exchange controls, it is possible that the Specified Currency 
for any particular Note would not be available at such Note’s maturity. 
Changes in interest rates may adversely affect the market value of fixed rate Notes 
Investments in Notes that have a fixed interest rate involve the risk that subsequent changes in market 
interest rates may adversely affect the market value of those fixed rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks of an investment in the Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the European Union, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such 
registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in 
certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by 
third country non-European Union credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by a European Union-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating 
agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its website in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against 
a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As 
such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of 
ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either 
be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating 
agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, 
to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been 
withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates 
continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant 
conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the European Union or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a 
different regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the 
secondary market. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out 
on the cover of this Offering Circular.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the CSSF 
shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the annual report on Form 18-K dated 13 January 2021, filed with the U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission in relation to the Issuer and the Government of Queensland for the 
fiscal 
year 
ended 
30 
June 
2020 
(the 
"2020 
Form 
18-K") 
(available 
at: 
https://www.qtc.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2021/01/2020-Form-18-K.pdf);  
(b) 
the annual report on Form 18-K dated 10 February 2020, filed with the U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission in relation to the Issuer and the Government of Queensland for the 
fiscal 
year 
ended 
30 
June 
2019 
(the 
"2019 
Form 
18-K") 
(available 
at: 
https://www.qtc.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/QTC-Form-18-K-PDF-As-Filed-Feb-
10-2020.pdf);  and 
(c) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous base prospectus dated 12 
December 2008 (the "2008 Prospectus") on pages 45-67 prepared by the Issuer and the 
Guarantor in connection with the Facility (available at: https://www.qtc.com.au/wp-
content/uploads/2020/01/ICM-28894565-v1-
QTC_Base_Prospectus_12_December_2008.pdf), the terms and conditions of the Notes 
contained in the previous base prospectus dated 24 February 2016 (the "2016 Prospectus") on 
pages 39-69 prepared by the Issuer and the Guarantor in connection with the Facility 
(available 
at: 
https://www.qtc.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/ICM-28894552-v1-
QTC_Base_Prospectus_24_February_2016.pdf) and the terms and conditions of the Notes 
contained in the previous base prospectus dated 11 February 2020 on pages 46-81 prepared 
by the Issuer and the Guarantor in connection with the Facility (available at: 
https://www.qtc.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/ICM-34694632-v1-
QTC_EMTN_Update_2020_-_Base_Prospectus_FINAL.pdf). Any other information set out 
elsewhere in the 2008 Prospectus, the 2016 Prospectus and/or the 2020 Prospectus is not 
incorporated by reference.  
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) 
shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify 
or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so 
modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment 
of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use 
in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.  
For ease of reference, please note that certain information required under the Prospectus Regulation to 
be included in or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, can be found in the 2020 Form 
18-K or the 2019 Form 18-K, as the case may be.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
The following table sets out where in the 2020 Form 18-K the relevant information referred to below 
can be located: 
Prospectus Regulation Requirement 
Location in 2020 
Form 18-K 
Annex 7 9.1 (administrative, management and supervisory bodies) ...............  Exhibit (c)(i) p* 34 - 
39 
Annex 7 10.1 (major shareholders) ..................................................................  Exhibit (c)(i) p* 34 – 
35 
Annex 
7 
11.1 
(Financial 
information 
concerning 
the 
issuer's  
assets and liabilities, financial position and profits and losses) ....................... 
Exhibit (c)(i) 
(a) (Balance sheet) ...........................................................................................  p* 43 
(b) (Income Statement) ....................................................................................  p* 42 
(c) (Cash flow statement) .................................................................................  p* 45 
(d) (Accounting policies and explanatory notes) .............................................  p* 46 - 72 
Annex 7 11.1.1 (Report of the Auditor-General of Queensland) .....................  P* 74 - 78 
Annex 21 3 (Information to be disclosed about the Guarantor)  
and Annex 10 4 (Public finance) 
 
Annex 10 4.1(b) (Public Debt) .........................................................................  Exhibit (e) p* 637 - 
641 
Annex 10 4.1(e) (Balance Sheet for Queensland) ............................................  Exhibit (c)(ii) p* 117 
Annex 10 4.1(f) (Operating Statements for Queensland) ................................  Exhibit (c)(ii) p* 115 - 
116 
∗ The page numbers refer to the page references of the PDF document. 
The following table sets out where in the 2019 Form 18-K the relevant information referred to below 
can be located: 
Prospectus Regulation Requirement 
Location in 2019 
Form 18-K 
Annex 7 9.1 (administrative, management and supervisory bodies) ...............  Exhibit (c)(i) p* 28 -
32 
Annex 7 10.1 (major shareholders) ..................................................................  Exhibit (c)(i) p* 28 -
29 
Annex 
7 
11.1 
(Financial 
information 
concerning 
the 
issuer's  
assets and liabilities, financial position and profits and losses) ....................... 
Exhibit (c)(i) 
(a) (Balance sheet) ...........................................................................................  p* 35 
(b) (Income Statement) ....................................................................................  p* 34 
(c) (Cash flow statement) .................................................................................  p* 37 
(d) (Accounting policies and explanatory notes) .............................................  p* 38 - 65 
Annex 7 11.1.1 (Report of the Auditor-General of Queensland) .....................  p* 67 - 71 
Annex 21 3 (Information to be disclosed about the Guarantor)  
and Annex 10 4 (Public finance) 
 
Annex 10 4.1(b) (Public Debt) .........................................................................  Exhibit (e) p* 829 - 
833 
Annex 10 4.1(e) (Balance Sheet for Queensland) ............................................  Exhibit (c)(ii) p* 110 
Annex 10 4.1(f) (Operating Statements for Queensland) ................................  Exhibit (c)(ii) p* 108 
to 109

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
∗ The page numbers refer to the page references of the PDF document. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
means any parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed not relevant for an 
investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE FACILITY 
Under the Facility, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any currency, subject 
as set out herein. An overview of the terms and conditions of the Facility and the Notes appears 
above, see "Overview of the Facility". The applicable terms of any Notes will be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer prior to the issue of the Notes and will be set out in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes endorsed on, attached to, or incorporated by reference into, the Notes, as 
supplemented by the applicable Final Terms attached to, or endorsed on, such Notes, as more fully 
described under "Form of the Notes". 
Application will be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Facility to 
be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), with or without interest 
coupons attached, or registered form ("Registered Notes"), without interest coupons attached.  Bearer 
Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act 
("Regulation S") and Registered Notes will be issued both outside the United States in reliance on the 
exemption from registration provided by Regulation S and within the United States in reliance on 
Rule 144A. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global Note (a 
"Temporary Bearer Global Note") or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global 
Note (a "Permanent Bearer Global Note") which, in either case, will be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, 
interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date 
(as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note) only to 
the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of 
interests in such Bearer Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any 
U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a 
like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent.   
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note 
is issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon 
a request as described therein either (a) for interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same 
Series or (b) for definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons 
and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive 
Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against 
certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been 
given, provided that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to 
receive definitive Bearer Notes.  The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to 
collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, 
upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent 
Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused.  
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will 
be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the 
case may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note) without any requirement for certification.   
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable 
(free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest 
coupons and talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, 
"Exchange Event" means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 8) has occurred and is 
continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have 
been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory 
or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so 
and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse 
tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Bearer 
Global Note in definitive form.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
with Condition 12 if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in 
such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange and, in the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give 
notice to the Agent requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 60 days after 
the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) 
and on all interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be 
entitled to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such 
Notes or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be 
sold to non-U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a global Note in 
registered form (a "Regulation S Global Note").  Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period 
(as defined in Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in a Regulation 
S Global Note may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as 
otherwise provided in Condition 2 and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (an "Alternative Clearing System") and such Regulation S Global Note will bear a legend 
regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche may only be offered and sold in the United States or to U.S. 
persons in private transactions to "qualified institutional buyers" within the meaning of Rule 144A 
("QIBs").  The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to QIBs will be represented by a global note in 
registered form (a "Rule 144A Global Note" and, together with a Regulation S Global Note, the 
"Registered Global Notes"). 
Registered Global Notes will either (a) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name 
of a nominee of, DTC for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, (b) be deposited 
with a common depositary for, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or (c) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of, an Alternative Clearing System, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Persons 
holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may 
be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully 
registered form. 
The Rule 144A Global Note will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will 
bear a legend regarding such restrictions.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in 
the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in 
Condition 6.4) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes.  None of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of 
the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in 
the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive 
form will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register 
on the relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.4) immediately preceding the due date for 
payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, 
for definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (a) an Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing, (b) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, 
either DTC has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as depository for the 
Notes and no alternative clearing system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing 
agency registered under the Exchange Act, (c) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has been 
notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have 
announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, 
no successor clearing system is available or (d) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax 
consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Registered Global Note 
in definitive form.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
12 if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, DTC, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in 
such Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event 
of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (d) above, the Issuer may also give notice to 
the Registrar requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the 
date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be 
transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Note.  No 
beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, 
except in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
and any Alternative Clearing System, in each case to the extent applicable.  Registered Notes are 
also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding 
such restrictions, see "Transfer Restrictions". 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined in "Conditions of the Notes"), the Agent shall arrange 
that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an 
existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code, ISIN 
and if available, the FISN and/or CFI and, where applicable, a CUSIP and CINS numbers are different 
from the common code, ISIN, CUSIP, CINS, the FISN and CFI assigned to Notes of any other 
Tranche of the same Series until at least the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any Alternative Clearing System, subject to 
any additional or alternative rules and operating procedures of any such Alternative Clearing System. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 8.  
In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or 
any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions of such Notes and 
payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global 
Note then holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly 
against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and DTC on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the "Deed of Covenant") 
dated 12 December 2008 and executed by the Issuer.  In addition, holders of interests in such Global 
Note credited to their accounts with DTC may require DTC to deliver Definitive Notes in registered 
form in exchange for their interest in such Global Note in accordance with DTC's standard operating 
procedures.

--- Page 35 ---
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
1[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]2 
1[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS 
ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]3 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES 
ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as amended) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined 
the classification of the Notes to be capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in 
the Singapore Monetary Authority (the "MAS") Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).]4 
[Date] 
Queensland Treasury Corporation 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 98INKCEEHOU5YJS0HQ88 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Guaranteed by The Treasurer on behalf of The Government of Queensland 
                                                     
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach. 
2 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if one or more of the Managers/Dealers in relation to the Notes is a MiFID regulated 
entity. 
3 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if one or more of the Managers/Dealers in relation to the Notes is a UK MiFID 
regulated entity. 
4 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes sold into Singapore do not constitute prescribed capital markets products as 
defined under the CMP Regulations 2018.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
under the U.S.$10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Facility 
[The Notes will only be admitted to trading on [insert name of relevant QI market/segment], which is 
[an EEA regulated market/a specific segment of an EEA regulated market] (as defined in MiFID II), 
to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access and shall 
not be offered or sold to non-qualified investors.]5 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 25 January 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it 
dated [date] [and [date]]] (the "Base Prospectus") which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation").  This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information.  The 
Base Prospectus is and in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, www.bourse.lu.] 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a prospectus with an earlier date.) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Prospectus dated [12 December 2008/24 February 2016/11 February 
2020] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 25 January 2021.  This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 25 January 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base 
Prospectus"), including the Conditions which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in 
order to obtain all the relevant information.  The Base Prospectus is and, in the case of Notes admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms 
will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, www.bourse.lu.] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A).  Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub paragraphs.  Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.) 
(If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.) 
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[        ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[        ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [specify issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
                                                     
5 Legend to be included for Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) which will only 
be admitted to trading on a Member State regulated market, or a specific segment of a Member State regulated market, to which only 
qualified investors can have access.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 20 below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date]]][Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
Specified 
Currency 
or 
Currencies: 
[        ] 
3. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[        ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[        ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[        ] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert date] 
(if applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified 
Denominations: 
[        ] 
(In the case of Registered Notes, this 
means the minimum integral amount in 
which transfers can be made) 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of €100,000 (or equivalent) unless they are to be 
admitted to trading only on a regulated market, 
or a specific segment of a regulated market, to 
which only qualified investors can have access) 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].  
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].") 
 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in 
relation to calculation of 
interest in relation to 
Notes in global form see 
Conditions): 
[        ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert 
the highest common factor.  Note: There must be 
a common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[        ]

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating rate notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]]6 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[     ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[LIBOR/EURIBOR] +/- [        ] per cent. 
 
Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100/   ] per cent. of their 
nominal amount 
 
(N.B. The Notes will only be redeemed at an 
amount other than 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount in the case of certain Zero Coupon 
Notes) 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date on which the Notes change to 
another Interest Basis or Redemption/Payment 
Basis][Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment 
[        ] in each year up to and including the 
                                                     
6 For Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification it 
will be necessary to use the second option here.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
Date(s): 
Maturity Date7 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
Coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in 
global form see 
Conditions): 
[        ] per Calculation Amount8 
 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form 
(and in relation to Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Actual/Actual (ICMA)]9 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[        ]  in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon.   
13. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[        ] 
 
 
(b) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
                                                     
7  For certain Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes the Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification 
and the following words should be added: "provided that if any Interest Payment Date falls on a day which is 
not a Business Day, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day". 
8 For Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interests Payment Dates are subject to modification 
the following alternative wording is appropriate: "Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, CNY 0.005, being rounded upwards". 
9 Applicable to Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[        ] 
 
(Note that this item relates to the determination 
of interest period end dates) 
(d) 
Manner in which the 
Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(e) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount 
(if 
not 
the 
Agent): 
[        ] ("the Calculation Agent"”) 
(f) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
 
• 
Reference 
Rate 
and 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:  
Reference 
Rate: 
[       ] 
month 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR] 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/Brussels/specify other Relevant 
Financial Centre] 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[        ] 
 
(Second London business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Euro 
or Sterling LIBOR), first day of each Interest 
Period if Sterling LIBOR and the second day on 
which the TARGET 2 System is open prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR or Euro 
LIBOR) 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[        ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[        ] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[        ] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[        ] 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
option, the first day of the Interest Period) 
 
(N.B. The fall-back provisions applicable to 
ISDA Determination under the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions are reliant upon the provision by 
reference banks of offered quotations for LIBOR 
and/or EURIBOR which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time) 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)] 
(i) 
Margin(s):   
[+/-][      ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] 
 
[30E/360] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
14. 
Zero Coupon Note/ Low Interest 
(discount) Note/ High Interest 
(premium) Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[        ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15. 
Notice Periods for Condition 5.2: 
Minimum period: [        ] days 
Maximum period: [        ] days  
16. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
[        ]

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
Date(s): 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[        ] 
(ii) 
Higher 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[        ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [        ] days 
Maximum period: [        ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
17. 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[        ] 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [        ] days 
Maximum period: [        ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
18. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
(N.B. Except in the case of Zero Coupon Notes 
where a Redemption/Payment Basis other than 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount has been 
specified, the Final Redemption Amount shall be 
equal to 100 per cent. of the Calculation Amount 
per Calculation Amount) 
19. 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
taxation reasons or on event of 
default  
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider). If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what 
the Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
20. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Bearer Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Notes only 
upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on or after the Exchange Date]] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Regulation S Global Note (U.S.$[     ] nominal 
amount) registered in the name of a nominee for 
[DTC/a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable for 
Definitive Registered Notes only upon an 
Exchange Event] 
 
[Rule 144A Global Note (U.S.$[     ] nominal 
amount) registered in the name of a nominee for 
[DTC/a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable for 
Definitive Registered Notes only upon an 
Exchange Event]] 
 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes should 
not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5 
includes language substantially to the following 
effect: "[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
[€199,000].") 
21. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/specify details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub-paragraph 13(c) relates) 
22. 
RMB Currency Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23. 
Spot Rate (if different from that set out in 
Condition 6.7): 
[   /Not Applicable] 
24. 
Party responsible for calculating the Spot 
Rate: 
[[    ] (the "Calculation Agent")] 
25. 
Relevant Currency (if different 
from that in Condition 6.7): 
[    /Not Applicable] 
26. 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) 
[   /Not Applicable] 
Signed on behalf of Queensland Treasury Corporation: 
By: .............................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(a) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[specify relevant regulated market and, if relevant, 
listing on an official list] with effect from [      ].]  
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [specify relevant regulated market and, 
if relevant, listing on an official list] with effect 
from [     ].][Not Applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already 
admitted to trading.) 
(b) 
Estimate of the total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[        ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated [insert rating] by [Standard & Poor's 
(Australia) Pty. Ltd. ("S&P") /Moody's Investors 
Service Pty Limited ("Moody's") [and]/ Fitch 
Australia Pty. Ltd. ("Fitch").] [Each of] S&P / 
Moody's [and]/ Fitch is established outside the 
European Union and the United Kingdom and has 
not applied for registration under the Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA 
Regulation") or Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK 
CRA Regulation”). [Ratings by S&P are endorsed 
by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and S&P 
Global Ratings UK Limited[,] /ratings by Moody's 
are endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH and 
Moody's Investors Services Ltd. [and]/ ratings by 
Fitch are endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
and Fitch Ratings Limited, each of which is a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union 
and registered under the CRA Regulation or 
established in the United Kingdom and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation, respectively, each 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, as applicable.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has been previously published 
by the rating provider. Consider including the

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
following (to be completed at the time of the 
relevant issuance):  
[[S&P Global Ratings] has, in its [month, year] 
publication “[S&P Global Ratings Definitions]”, 
described a [long-term issue] credit rating of 
[‘AA’] in the following terms: [“An obligation 
rated 
'AA' 
differs 
from 
the 
highest-rated 
obligations only to a small degree. The obligor's 
capacity to meet its financial commitments on the 
obligation is very strong … Ratings from 'AA' to 
'CCC' may be modified by the addition of a plus 
(+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing 
within the rating categories.”.]] [Complete as 
applicable]  
 
[[Moody’s Investors Service] has, in its [month, 
year] 
publication 
“[Rating 
Symbols 
and 
Definitions]”, described a credit rating of [‘Aa’] in 
the following terms: [“Obligations rated Aa are 
judged to be of high quality and are subject to very 
low credit risk … Note: Moody’s appends 
numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic 
rating classification from Aa through Caa. The 
modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the 
higher end of its generic rating category; the 
modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the 
modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of 
that generic rating category.”.]] [Complete as 
applicable].  
 
[[Fitch Ratings] has, in its [month, year] 
publication 
“[Fitch 
Ratings 
Definitions]”, 
described a [long term] credit rating of [‘AA’] in 
the following terms: [“‘AA’ ratings denote 
expectations of very low default risk. They indicate 
very strong capacity for payment of financial 
commitments. This capacity is not significantly 
vulnerable to foreseeable events.]] [Complete as 
applicable]]]/[The Notes to be issued have not 
been rated.]] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for [any fees/the fees of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the 
[Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes 
has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, 
and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions 
with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]  
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See 
[“Use 
of 
Proceeds”] 
in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus/Give details]  
 
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in the Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from 
what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give 
details) 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[        ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes Only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[Not Applicable/        ] 
6. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Notes Only) 
[Not Applicable/Details of historic [LIBOR/EURIBOR/specify other Reference Rate] rates 
can be obtained from [Reuters]/[         ].]  
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[        ] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[        ] 
(c) 
CUSIP: 
[        ] 
(d) 
CFI: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(e) 
FISN: 
[[include code]as updated, as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Available") 
(f) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than The Depository Trust 
Company, 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(s) and 
number(s)]

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
(g) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(h) 
Names and addresses of initial 
Paying Agent(s): 
[        ] 
(i) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[        ] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(a) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(b) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Specify names/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/specify name] 
(d) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/specify name and address] 
(e) 
Whether 
TEFRA 
D 
rules 
applicable or TEFRA rules not 
applicable: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Conditions of the Notes which (subject to amendment) will be incorporated by 
reference into each global Note and will be endorsed upon each definitive Note, in the latter case only 
if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive 
Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each global Note and definitive 
Note. Reference should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final 
Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Queensland Treasury Corporation 
(the "Issuer") pursuant to an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement dated 7 February 2013 as 
supplemented by a Supplemental Agency Agreement dated 5 March 2015 and a Second Supplemental 
Agency Agreement dated 25 January 2021 (as further amended, supplemented, novated and/or 
restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") and each made inter alia between the Issuer, 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as agent (the "Agent", which expression shall include any 
successor agent) and as exchange agent (the "Exchange Agent", which expression shall include any 
successor exchange agent), Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as paying agent (together with the 
Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor paying 
agents), Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression shall include 
any additional or successor registrar) and the transfer agents named therein (together with the 
Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer 
agents).  The Notes are issued with the benefit of a deed of guarantee dated 12 December 2008 (the 
"Guarantee") executed by the Treasurer on behalf of The Government of Queensland (the 
"Guarantor") in accordance with the approval of the Governor in Council of the State of Queensland. 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global Note"), units of the lowest 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") issued in exchange for a Global Note in 
bearer form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes").  
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, in the case of Notes 
which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for 
further Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue.  Registered Notes and Global Notes do not have 
Coupons or Talons attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. 
The Final Terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final 
Terms attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Conditions.  References to the 
"applicable Final Terms" are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. The expression "Prospectus Regulation" 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
Any reference to "Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
Notes are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as 
provided below.  Any reference herein to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons and 
shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have 
the same the terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for 
the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to 
accrue. The expressions "Notes of the relevant Series" and "holders of Notes of the relevant Series" 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (the 
"Deed of Covenant") dated 12 December 2008 and made by the Issuer.  The original of the Deed of 
Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (as defined below). 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit 
of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant and the 
applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. Words and expressions defined in the Agency 
Agreement or defined or set out in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where 
used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided 
that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Final Terms will prevail.   
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant are available for 
inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of the Registrar and each Paying Agent 
and Transfer Agent (together referred to as the "Note Agents").  If the Notes are to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, copies of the applicable Final 
Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). If this 
Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered 
in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder 
holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and 
the relevant Note Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity.  The statements in these 
Conditions are summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
In the Conditions, "euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the "Specified 
Currency") and the denominations (the "Specified Denomination(s)") specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for 
Notes of another Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for 
Registered Notes and vice versa. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, depending 
upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms, or a combination of any of the 
foregoing if any Change of Interest Basis is so specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon 
Notes in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not 
applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery and 
title to the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement.  The Issuer, the Guarantor and any Note Agent will 
(except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof 
(whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or 
notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global 
Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), 
each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being 
shown in the records of Euroclear and/or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a 
particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document 
issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in 
the case of manifest or proven error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with 
respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for 
which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the 
relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Note 
Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to 
the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
For so long as The Depository Trust Company ("DTC") or its nominee is the registered owner 
or holder of a Registered Global Note, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be 
considered the sole owner or holder of the Notes represented by such Registered Global Note 
for all purposes under the Agency Agreement and the Notes except to the extent that in 
accordance with DTC's published rules and procedures any ownership rights may be 
exercised by its participants or beneficial owners through participants. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be.   
Any reference in these Conditions to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, 
whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or 
alternative clearance system specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be 
approved by the Issuer and the Agent, subject to any additional or alternative rules and 
operating procedures of any such alternative clearing system. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants 
and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of 
transferors and transferees of such interests.  A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be 
transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered 
Global Note of the same series only in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable 
Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time 
being of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance 
with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement.  Transfers of a Registered 
Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall be limited to transfers of such 
Registered Global Note, in whole but not in part, to another nominee of DTC or to a successor 
of DTC or such successor's nominee. 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the 
Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in 
part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms).  In order to effect 
any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Note for 
registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) 
at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed 
by the holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing 
and (ii) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant 
Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be 
satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request.  Any 
such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar 
may from time to time prescribe.  Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent 
will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for 
business in the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the 
request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or 
other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery 
of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured 
mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form 
of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the 
Registered Note) transferred.  In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in 
definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the 
Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the 
transferor) sent to the transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 5, the Issuer shall not be 
required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called 
for partial redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to 
cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the 
registration.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
2.5 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Notes 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder of, or 
of a beneficial interest in, a Regulation S Global Note to a transferee in the United States or 
who is a U.S. person will only be made: 
(a) 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification substantially in the form set out 
in the Schedule of Forms dated 23 January 2018 relating to the Notes, amended as 
appropriate (a "Transfer Certificate"), copies of which are available from the 
specified office of any Transfer Agent, from the transferor of the Note or beneficial 
interest therein to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person whom the 
transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of 
Rule 144A; or  
(b) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt 
by the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, 
which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance 
with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United 
States or any other jurisdiction. 
In the case of (a) above, such transferee may take delivery through a Legended Note in global 
or definitive form and, in the case of (b) above, such transferee may take delivery only 
through a Legended Note in definitive form.  After expiry of the applicable Distribution 
Compliance Period (i) beneficial interests in Regulation S Global Notes registered in the 
name of a nominee for DTC may be held through DTC directly, by a participant in DTC, or 
indirectly through a participant in DTC and (ii) such certification requirements will no longer 
apply to such transfers. 
2.6 
Transfers of interests in Legended Notes 
Transfers of Legended Notes or beneficial interests therein may be made: 
(a) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Global 
Note, upon receipt by the Registrar of a duly completed Transfer Certificate from the 
transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation 
S and that, in the case of a Regulation S Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for DTC, if such transfer is being made prior to expiry of the applicable 
Distribution Compliance Period, the interests in the Notes being transferred will be 
held immediately thereafter through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg; or  
(b) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Legended Note where the 
transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, without certification; or  
(c) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt 
by the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, 
which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance 
with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United 
States or any other jurisdiction.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Legended Notes, or upon specific request for 
removal of the Legend, the Registrar shall deliver only Legended Notes or refuse to remove 
the Legend, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer such satisfactory 
evidence as may reasonably be required by the Issuer, which may include an opinion of U.S. 
counsel, that neither the Legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required 
to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act. 
2.7 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally 
Holders of Registered Notes in definitive form may exchange such Notes for interests in a 
Registered Global Note of the same type at any time. 
2.8 
Definitions 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
"Distribution Compliance Period" means the period that ends 40 days after the completion of 
the distribution of each Tranche of Notes; 
"Legended Note" means Registered Notes (whether in definitive form or represented by a 
Registered Global Note) sold in private transactions to QIBs in accordance with the 
requirements of Rule 144A; 
"QIB" means a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A; 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
"Regulation S Global Note" means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold outside 
the United States in reliance on Regulation S; 
"Rule 144A" means Rule 144A under the Securities Act;  
"Rule 144A Global Note" means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold in the 
United States or to QIBs; and 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND GUARANTEE 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer, the full faith and credit of which will be pledged for the payment and performance of 
the Notes. At the time of issuance each series of Notes will rank pari passu with all other 
direct and general unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the 
Issuer for borrowed money without any preference granted by the Issuer for one above the 
other by reason of priority of date of issue, currency of payment or otherwise. 
Pursuant to section 15 of the Queensland Treasury Corporation Act 1988, except to the extent 
that it is otherwise provided by the Governor in Council of the State of Queensland, all profits 
made by the Issuer shall accrue to the benefit of the Consolidated Fund of the State of 
Queensland and any losses of the Issuer shall be the responsibility of the Consolidated Fund 
of the State of Queensland.  
By the Guarantee, the Guarantor guarantees the payment when due of all amounts that are or 
may become payable by the Issuer on or in respect of the Notes. The Guarantee is a direct and

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
unconditional obligation of the Guarantor. All moneys payable by the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee are a charge upon, and will be paid out of, the Consolidated Fund of the State of 
Queensland which is to the extent necessary appropriated accordingly, and the Guarantee 
ranks pari passu with all of the other unsecured obligations of the State of Queensland. 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
(a) 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date.  
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. 
Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in these Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date. Interest will be paid, in the case of definitive Fixed Rate Notes, 
against surrender of the appropriate Coupons, subject to and in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 6. Interest will cease to accrue on each Fixed Rate Note (or, in the 
case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) on the due date for 
redemption thereof unless payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused in which 
event interest will continue to accrue (as well after as before any judgment) until, but 
excluding, whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Fixed Rate Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the holder of such Fixed Rate 
Note and (ii) the day which is seven days after the date on which the Agent has notified the 
holder thereof (either in accordance with Condition 12 or individually) of receipt of all sums 
due in respect thereof up to that date. 
(b) 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in 
respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) 
Registered Note in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) 
the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes 
(or, in each case, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the 
Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction.  
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount, as applicable to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rate Notes 
which are Registered Notes in definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form)  shall be rounded to the nearest sub-
unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive 
form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is 
multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 4.1: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such 
number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-
day months) divided by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing 
on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling 
after, such date); 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, means one cent; and  
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) (each an "Interest Payment Date") in each year 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls in the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, "Interest 
Period "means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the 
relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date.  
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 4.2(a)(ii), the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in 
the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant 
month and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case 
of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (1) such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day 
and (2) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the 
month which falls in the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest 
Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(b) 
Interest payments 
Interest will be paid, in the case of definitive Floating Rate Notes against surrender of the 
appropriate Coupons, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 6. Interest

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
will cease to accrue on each Floating Rate Note (or, in the case of the redemption of part only 
of a Note, that part only of such Note) on the due date for redemption thereof unless payment 
of principal is improperly withheld or refused in which event interest will continue to accrue 
(as well after as before any judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all 
sums due in respect of such Floating Rate Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of 
the holder of such Floating Rate Note and (ii) the day which is seven days after the date on 
which the Agent has notified the holder thereof (either in accordance with Condition 12 or 
individually) of receipt of all sums due in respect thereof up to that date.  
(c) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(d), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the "ISDA Definitions"), and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity is such period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(d), (A) "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", "Floating 
Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to those 
terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
When this Condition 4.2(d) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest Period: 
(i) 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period will be the Floating Rate determined by 
the Agent or other party specified in the applicable Final Terms in accordance with 
this Condition 4.2(d); and 
(ii) 
the Agent or other party specified in the applicable Final Terms will be deemed to 
have discharged its obligations under Condition 4.2(i) in respect of the determination 
of the Rate of Interest if it has determined the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period in the manner provided in this Condition 4.2(d). 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either:

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, 
as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service 
which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Relevant Financial Centre time) (the 
"Specified Time") on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of such offered quotations. 
In the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (i) above, no 
such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (ii) above, fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph or if in 
either case the offered quotation or quotations which appears or, as the case may be, appear at 
such time does or do not apply to a period of a duration equal to the relevant Interest Period, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall, subject as provided below, be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards) 
of the offered rates advised by the Reference Banks (as defined below) as requested by the 
Issuer and provided to the Agent or Calculation Agent, as applicable, (excluding, if the 
offered rates are not the same, the highest and the lowest of such rates and, if the highest 
offered rate applies in respect of more than one offered rate, excluding only one of such 
offered rates and similarly if the lowest offered rate applies in respect of more than one 
offered rate) that deposits in the Specified Currency of a duration equal to such Interest Period 
are offered in the London interbank market or the Euro-zone interbank market (as applicable) 
to leading banks by the Reference Banks as at the Specified Time or, if appropriate, such 
other time as is customary in the principal financial centre of the country of the Specified 
Currency) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. 
If, on any Interest Determination Date to which the paragraph above applies, two only of the 
Reference Banks advise the Agent of such rates, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period shall, subject as provided below, be determined as in the paragraph above on the basis 
of the offered rates of those Reference Banks advising such rates (without the exclusion of the 
highest and lowest offered rates as provided therein). 
If on any Interest Determination Date to which the second paragraph above applies, one only 
or none of the Reference Banks advises the Agent of such rates, the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period shall, subject as provided below, be the Reserve Interest Rate.  The 
"Reserve Interest Rate" shall be the rate per annum which the Agent determines to be either 
(i) the arithmetic mean (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest 0.0001 per cent.) of the 
lending rates for the Specified Currency requested by the Issuer and provided to the Agent, 
with such banks being selected by the Issuer in the principal financial centre of the country of 
the Specified Currency or, in the case of euro, in the Euro-zone are quoting on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date (or, if banks are not open in such place on such day, on the 
immediately preceding day on which they are open in such place) for the relevant Interest 
Period to the Reference Banks or those of them (being at least two in number) to which such 
quotations are being so made plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), or (ii) in the

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
event that the Agent can determine no such arithmetic mean, the lowest lending rate for the 
Specified Currency requested by the Issuer and provided to the Agent, with such banks being 
selected by the Issuer, in the principal financial centre of the country of the Specified 
Currency or, in the case of euro, in the Euro-zone are quoting on such Interest Determination 
Date (or, if banks are not open in such place on such day, on the immediately preceding day 
on which they are open in such place) to leading European banks for the relevant Interest 
Period plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that if the banks selected 
as aforesaid are not quoting as mentioned above, the Rate of Interest shall, subject as provided 
below, be the Rate of Interest in effect for the last preceding Interest Period to which the 
paragraphs above shall have applied minus or plus (as appropriate), where a different Margin 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to that last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period, plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin for the relevant Interest Period. 
In this Condition 4.2(e) the expression "Reference Banks" means, in the case of a 
determination of LIBOR, the principal London office of four major banks in the London 
inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of 
a Reference Rate that is not LIBOR or EURIBOR, the principal office of four major banks in 
the interbank market of the Relevant Financial Centre, in each case selected by the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor. 
(f) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the above provisions is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. If the applicable 
Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event 
that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
above provisions is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(g) 
Business Day, Interest Determination Date and Relevant Screen Page 
In this Condition, "Business Day" means, unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre (other than 
TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer ("TARGET2") System (the "TARGET2 System") is 
open; and 
(iii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) and

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
settle payments in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (if other than London and any Additional Business Centre) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, 
a day on which the TARGET 2 System is open. 
(h) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amount 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will, at or as soon as practicable after each 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period.  
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of interest (the 
"Interest Amount") payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) 
Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) 
the Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes (or, in each 
case, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the 
Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is a Bearer 
Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable 
in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360;

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:  
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
x
30
Y
(Y
x
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
+
−
=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:  
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
x
30
Y
(Y
x
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
+
−
=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
x
30
Y
(Y
x
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
+
−
=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
(A) that day is the last day of February or (B) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (A) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (B) such number would be 31 in which case D2 will be 30. 
The determination of the Rate of Interest and calculation of each Interest Amount by the 
Agent shall (in the absence of manifest or proven error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(i) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, 
as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer notifies to the 
Agent. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
(j) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable will cause the Rate of Interest and each 
Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified 
to the Issuer and, in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are listed on a stock exchange, that 
stock exchange (in accordance with the rules of that stock exchange) and to be published in 
accordance with Condition 12 as soon as possible but in any event not later than the second 
Business Day after their determination save for the notification to the relevant stock exchange 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are listed on a stock exchange where notice must be 
given as soon as possible and in accordance with the rules of the relevant stock exchange. 
Each Interest Amount and the Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without 
publication as aforesaid in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any 
such amendment will be promptly notified to any stock exchange on which the Notes affected 
thereby is or are for the time being listed. 
(k) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4.2) by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of negligence, 
recklessness, wilful default, bad faith or manifest or proven error) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders 
and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Noteholders or 
the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise 
by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.  
4.3 
Zero Coupon Notes, Low Interest (discount) Notes and High Interest (premium) Notes 
Where a Zero Coupon Note, Low Interest (discount) Note or High Interest (premium) Note 
becomes due and repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount 
due and repayable shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as determined in 
accordance with Condition 5.7. As from the Maturity Date any overdue principal of such 
Note shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Amortisation Yield. Such interest 
shall continue to accrue (as well after as before any judgment) until whichever is the earlier of 
(a) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the holder of such Note and (b) the day which is seven days after the date on which 
the Agent has notified the holder thereof (either in accordance with Condition 12 or 
individually) of receipt of all sums due in respect thereof up to that date. Such interest will be 
calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve months of 30 days each and, in 
the case of an incomplete month, the actual number of days elapsed. 
4.4 
Benchmark Discontinuation  
Notwithstanding the provisions in Condition 4.2 above, if the Issuer, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in 
relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to that Original Reference Rate, then the 
Issuer shall notify the Agent and the Calculation Agent, as applicable, of the occurrence of 
such Benchmark Event and the following provisions of this Condition 4.4 shall apply. 
(i) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
If there is a Successor Rate, then the Issuer shall promptly, and in any event not later 
than the fifth Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, notify 
the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, and, in accordance with Condition 
12, the Noteholders of such Successor Rate and that Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 4.4(ii)) subsequently be used by the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine 
the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of 
this Condition 4.4). 
If there is no Successor Rate but the Issuer, acting in good faith, in a commercially 
reasonable manner and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which 
may include consultation with an Independent Adviser, determines that there is an 
Alternative Rate, then the Issuer shall promptly, and in any event not later than the 
fifth Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, notify the Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, and, in accordance with Condition 12, the 
Noteholders of such Alternative Rate and that Alternative Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 4.4(ii)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 4.4). 
(ii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If, in the case of a Successor Rate, an Adjustment Spread is formally recommended, 
or formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body, then the Issuer shall promptly, and in any event not later than the fifth Business 
Day prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, notify the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, and, in accordance with Condition 12, the 
Noteholders of such Adjustment Spread and the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, shall apply such Adjustment Spread to the Successor Rate for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a component part thereof) 
by reference to such Successor Rate. 
If, in the case of a Successor Rate where no such Adjustment Spread is formally 
recommended or provided as an option by any Relevant Nominating Body, or in the 
case of an Alternative Rate, the Issuer, acting in good faith, in a commercially 
reasonable manner and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which 
may include consultation with an Independent Adviser, determines that there is an 
Adjustment Spread in customary market usage in the international debt capital 
markets for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), 
then the Issuer shall promptly, and in any event not later than the fifth Business Day 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, notify the Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, and, in accordance with Condition 12, the Noteholders of such 
Adjustment Spread and the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall apply 
such Adjustment Spread to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable).  
If no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available) by any 
Relevant Nominating Body, or the Issuer so determines that there is no such 
Adjustment Spread in customary market usage in the international debt capital

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
markets and the Issuer further determines, acting in good faith, in a commercially 
reasonable manner and following consultation with an Independent Adviser, that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be), then the Adjustment Spread shall be: 
(1) 
the Adjustment Spread determined by the Issuer, acting in good faith, in a 
commercially reasonable manner and following consultation with an 
Independent Adviser, as being the Adjustment Spread recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be); or  
(2) 
if there is no such industry standard recognised or acknowledged, such 
Adjustment Spread as the Issuer, acting in good faith, in a commercially 
reasonable manner and following consultation with an Independent Adviser, 
determines to be appropriate, having regard to the objective, so far as is 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, of reducing or eliminating any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result 
of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
Following any such determination of the Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall 
promptly, and in any event not later than the fifth Business Day prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, notify the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
and, in accordance with Condition 12, the Noteholders of such Adjustment Spread and 
the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall apply such Adjustment 
Spread to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a component part thereof) 
by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable).  
(iii) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 4.4 and the Issuer, acting in good faith, in a 
commercially reasonable manner and by reference to such sources as it deems 
appropriate, which may include consultation with an Independent Adviser, determines 
in its discretion (A) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments") and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer 
shall, without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these 
Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice, subject to the Issuer 
having to give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 and 
any Benchmark Amendments, in the sole opinion of Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, not increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or 
protections, of the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in these Conditions 
and/or the Agency Agreement unless otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.4, if in the Agent’s or 
Calculation Agent’s opinion, as applicable, there is any uncertainty as to any 
determination or calculation to be made under this Condition 4.4, the Agent or 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
Issuer shall direct the Agent or Calculation Agent, as applicable, in writing as to 
which course of action to adopt. If the Agent or Calculation Agent, as applicable, is 
not promptly provided with such direction, and in any event not later than the fifth 
Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, it shall be under no 
obligation to make such calculation or determination until such time as it is provided 
with such direction (and provided further that such direction is provided not later than 
the fifth Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date) and shall not 
incur any liability for not doing so. 
In connection with any such modifications in accordance with this Condition 4.4(iii), 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to trading and listed on the official list of a 
stock exchange, the Issuer shall comply with the rules of that stock exchange.  
Any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4.4(iii) shall be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
and, in accordance with Condition 12, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of such Benchmark Amendments. 
(iv) 
Independent Adviser 
In the event the Issuer is to consult with an Independent Adviser in connection with 
any determination to be made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4.4, the Issuer 
shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, for the purposes of any such consultation. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.4 shall act in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of fraud and wilful 
default) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer or the Noteholders for any 
determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any 
determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4.4 or otherwise in 
connection with the Notes. 
If the Issuer consults with an Independent Adviser as to whether there is an 
Alternative Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread is required to be applied and/or in 
relation to the quantum of, or any formula or methodology for determining such 
Adjustment Spread and/or whether any Benchmark Amendments are necessary and/or 
in relation to the terms of any such Benchmark Amendments, a written determination 
of that Independent Adviser in respect thereof shall be conclusive and binding on all 
parties, save in the case of manifest error, and (in the absence of fraud and wilful 
default) the Issuer shall have no liability whatsoever to the Noteholders in respect of 
anything done, or omitted to be done, in relation to that matter in accordance with any 
such written determination. 
No Independent Adviser appointed in connection with the Notes (acting in such 
capacity), shall have any relationship of agency or trust with the Noteholders. 
(v) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate Provisions  
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 4.4, the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Conditions 4.2(b), 
and the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, will continue to apply unless and 
until the Issuer has determined the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be), and any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments and notified the 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in accordance with the relevant 
provisions of this Condition 4.4.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
(vi) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 4.4: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread, or the formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread and the spread resulting from such calculation, which spread may 
in either case be positive or negative and is to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) where the Original Reference Rate is replaced 
with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer 
determines in accordance with this Condition 4.4 is used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets 
for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the 
Notes. 
“Benchmark Event” means the earlier to occur of: 
(1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business 
Days or ceasing to exist or be administered; 
(2) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where 
no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication 
of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to 
such specified date; 
(3) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued, is prohibited from being used or is 
no longer representative, or that its use is subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences or, where such discontinuation, prohibition, restrictions or 
adverse consequences are to apply from a specified date after the making of 
any public statement to such effect, the later of the date of the making of such 
public statement and the date falling six months prior to such specified date; 
and 
(4) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful 
for the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or the Issuer to determine any 
Rate of Interest and/or calculate any Interest Amount using the Original 
Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011, if applicable). 
“Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or other independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
“Original Reference Rate” means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of determining the 
relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of the Notes 
(provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally specified 
Reference Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has 
been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark 
Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the 
term “Original Reference Rate” shall include any such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate);

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(1) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or 
(2) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (iv) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
5. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
5.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Notes where a Redemption/Payment 
Basis other than 100 per cent. of the nominal amount has been specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), at 100 per cent. of the Calculation Amount per Calculation 
Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note where a Redemption/Payment Basis other than 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount has been specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
at the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in each case in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
5.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 5.8, the Notes of each Series may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole, but not in part, at any time (if the Notes are not Floating Rate Notes) or on any 
Interest Payment Date (if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes), on giving not less than the 
minimum period and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the Applicable 
Final Terms in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their 
principal amount or, as the case may be, at the amount calculated in accordance with 
paragraph 5.8 below, together with (in the case of Notes other than Floating Rate Notes or 
Zero Coupon Notes) interest accrued up to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, if 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 7 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Australia 
or any State or Territory in Australia or any political sub-division or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such 
laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given in respect of any Series of Notes

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes of that Series then due. 
5.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may (subject to paragraph 
5.5 below), at any time (if the Notes are not Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes) at its option, on giving not less than the minimum 
period and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the Applicable Final 
Terms to the holders of Notes of each relevant Series (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption) in accordance with Condition 12, redeem all or 
some only of the Notes of such Series then outstanding on the Optional Redemption Date(s) 
and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the 
event of a redemption of some only of such Notes, such redemption must be for the Minimum 
Redemption Amount or a Higher Redemption Amount, both as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of such Notes, Notes to be redeemed will be 
selected individually by lot in such place as the Agent may approve and in such manner as the 
Agent shall deem to be appropriate and fair (without involving any part only of a Note) not 
less than 45 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and a list of such Notes called for 
redemption will be published in accordance with Condition 12 not less than 30 days prior to 
such date. 
5.4 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms subject to paragraph 5.5 below, upon 
any Noteholder giving to the Issuer in the manner described below not less than the minimum 
period and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the Applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice (subject, in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes, as provided below) redeem in whole (but not in part) the Notes on the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. Registered Notes may be redeemed under this Condition 5 in any multiple of 
their lowest Specified Denomination.  To exercise the right to require redemption of this 
Note, the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in definitive form and held outside 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
(in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time 
during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar, 
falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as 
the case may be, the Registrar (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank 
account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to 
be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount 
thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so 
surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the 
balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 2.  If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must be 
accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this 
Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, to exercise the right to require redemption of 
this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC (which may include notice being given on his instruction 
by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any depositary for them to the Principal

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and DTC from time to time and, if this Note is represented by a Global Note, at 
the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global Note to the Principal 
Paying Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this 
Condition 5.4 shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event 
of Default has occurred and, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to 
the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 5.4 and instead to declare 
such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 8. 
5.5 
Final Terms 
These Final Terms applicable to the Notes of each Series will indicate that either (a) such 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their Maturity Date (except as provided in paragraph 5.2 
above) or (b) that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the holders 
of such Notes prior to such Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of paragraph(s) 
5.3 and/or 5.4 above. Notes may not be redeemed in whole or in part (other than pursuant to 
paragraph 5.2 above) prior to the expiry of any minimum period or after the expiry of any 
maximum period required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body, 
however called) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Specified Currency or the Issuer. 
5.6 
Purchase 
The Issuer may at any time purchase or otherwise acquire Notes in the open market or 
otherwise. Notes purchased or otherwise acquired by the Issuer may be held or resold or, at 
the discretion of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation (together with 
(in the case of definitive Notes) any unmatured Coupons attached thereto or purchased 
therewith).  
5.7 
Zero Coupon Notes, Low Interest (discount) Notes and High Interest (premium) Notes 
(a) 
The amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, Low Interest (discount) Note or 
High Interest (premium) Note upon redemption of such Note pursuant to paragraphs 5.2, 5.3 
or 5.4 above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 8 shall be the 
"Amortised Face Amount" (calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(b) 
Subject to the provisions of (c) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any Zero Coupon Note, 
Low Interest (discount) Note or High Interest (premium) Note shall be the sum of (i) the 
Reference Price and (ii) the aggregate amortisation of the difference between the Reference 
Price and the nominal amount of the Note from, and including, the Issue Date to, but 
excluding, the date on which the Note becomes due and repayable at a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield compounded annually. Where 
such calculation is to be made for a period other than a full year, it shall be made on the basis 
of the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365). 
(c) 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, Low Interest (discount) Note or 
High Interest (premium) Note upon redemption of such Note pursuant to paragraphs 5.2, 5.3 
or 5.4 above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 8 is not paid 
when due, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount of such Note calculated pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) above, except that such sub-
paragraph shall have effect as though the reference therein to the date on which the Note 
becomes due and repayable were replaced by a reference to the date (the "Reference Date") 
which is the earlier of (i) the date on which all sums due in respect of the Note up to that day 
are received by or on behalf of the holder thereof and (ii) the date on which the Agent has 
notified the holder thereof (either in accordance with Condition 12 or individually) of receipt 
of all sums due in respect thereof up to that date. The calculation of the Amortised Face 
Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph will continue to be made, after as well as 
before judgment, until the Reference Date unless the Reference Date falls on or after the 
Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and repayable shall be the nominal amount of 
such Note together with any interest which may accrue in accordance with Condition 4.3. 
5.8 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purposes of paragraph 5.2 above and Condition 8 and unless otherwise indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms:  
(a) 
each Fixed Rate Note or Floating Rate Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note, Low 
Interest (discount) Note and High Interest (premium) Note) will be redeemed at an 
amount (the "Early Redemption Amount") equal to the Final Redemption Amount in 
the relevant Specified Currency together with, in the case of a Fixed Rate Note, 
interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption; and  
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note, Low Interest (discount) Note or High Interest (premium) 
Note will be redeemed at the Amortised Face Amount of such Note determined in 
accordance with paragraph 5.7 above. 
5.9 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed shall be, and all Notes purchased or otherwise acquired as aforesaid may 
at the option of the Issuer be, cancelled (together, in the case of definitive Notes, with all 
unmatured Coupons presented therewith) and thereafter may not be re-issued or re-sold. 
6. 
PAYMENTS AND EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
6.1 
Method of Payment 
Except as provided below, payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will (subject as 
provided below) be made at the option of the bearer either by a cheque in the Specified 
Currency drawn on, or by transfer to an account in the Specified Currency maintained by the 
payee with, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency 
(which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be 
Sydney and Auckland, respectively). Payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a 
euro account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by 
the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
6.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) 
be made in the manner provided in paragraph 6.2 above only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer 
Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United 
States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined 
below)) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining 
thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on 
exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon 
(or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such 
missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from 
the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the 
expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 9) 
or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, 
but in no event thereafter.   
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no 
further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer 
form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange 
for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof.  A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate 
Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal 
amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note 
shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate 
amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such 
Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only 
against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
in bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in 
relation to definitive Bearer Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant 
Global Note against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States.  A record of each payment 
made against presentation or surrender of any Global Note in bearer form, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global 
Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented and such record shall be prima facie 
evidence that the payment in question has been made.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
6.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will 
be made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the 
Paying Agents.  Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as 
defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note 
appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar (the 
"Register") (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a 
day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the 
relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third 
business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city 
where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date.  
Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if a holder does not have a Designated Account, 
payment will instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated 
Bank (as defined below).  For these purposes, "Designated Account" means the account 
(which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-
resident account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the 
Register and "Designated Bank" means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other 
than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency 
(which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be 
Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which 
processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will 
be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by 
uninsured mail on the business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is 
located immediately preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named joint 
holder) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close 
of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive 
form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a 
business day) before the relevant due date (the "Record Date") at his address shown in the 
Register on the Record Date and at his risk.  Upon application of the holder to the specified 
office of the Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the specified office 
of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of a 
Registered Note, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner 
provided in the preceding paragraph.  Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to 
relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) in respect of 
the Registered Notes which become payable to the holder who has made the initial 
application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such 
holder.  Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption will be 
made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay 
in receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted 
in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the 
post.  No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in 
respect of any payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Note 
in respect of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid 
by transfer by the Registrar to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the Exchange

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for 
any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership 
interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any 
records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
6.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
Payments in respect of the Notes will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and 
regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 7. 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to 
the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the 
persons shown in the records of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of 
a particular nominal amount of Notes must look solely to DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to 
the order of, the holder of the relevant Global Note. No person other than the holder of a 
Global Note shall have any claim against the Issuer in respect of any payments due on that 
Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments of interest in U.S. dollars may be made at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent in the United States if (1) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment at such specified offices 
outside the United States of the full amount of interest on the Notes in the manner provided 
above when due, (2) payment of the full amount of such interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions and (3) such payment is then permitted under United States law without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
6.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day 
in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of 
any such delay. In this Condition 6 "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to 
Condition 9) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of 
presentation; and 
(ii) 
in any Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open;

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
(c) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any 
sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET 2 System is open; and  
(d) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Registered Global Note denominated in a 
Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name of DTC or its 
nominee and in respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with an interest in such 
Registered Global Note) has not elected to receive any part of such payment in a 
Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars, a day on which commercial banks are not 
authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed in New York City. 
6.7 
RMB Currency Event 
If "RMB Currency Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms and a RMB Currency 
Event, as determined by the Issuer acting in good faith, exists on a date for payment of any 
amount in respect of any Note or Coupon, the Issuer's obligation to make a payment in RMB 
under the terms of the Notes may be replaced by an obligation to pay such amount in the 
Relevant Currency converted using the Spot Rate for the relevant Determination Date.  
Upon the occurrence of a RMB Currency Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 stating the occurrence of the 
RMB Currency Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto.  
In this Condition and unless stated otherwise in the Final Terms:  
"Determination Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in 
Brisbane, Hong Kong, London and New York City;  
"Determination Date" means the day which is two Determination Business Days before the 
due date of the relevant payment under the Notes;  
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including 
the central bank) of Hong Kong;  
"Relevant Currency" means U.S. dollars or such other currency as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
"RMB Currency Events" means any one of RMB Illiquidity, RMB Non-Transferability and 
RMB Inconvertibility;  
"RMB Illiquidity" means the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid 
as a result of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient RMB in order to make a payment 
under the Notes, as determined by the Issuer in a commercially reasonable manner following 
consultation by such Issuer with two independent foreign exchange dealers of international 
repute active in the RMB exchange market in Hong Kong;

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
"RMB Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the 
Issuer to convert any amount due in respect of the Notes into RMB on any payment date at 
the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due 
solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event 
beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation);  
"RMB Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for 
the Issuer to deliver RMB between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside 
Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong (including where the RMB clearing and 
settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong is disrupted or suspended), other than 
where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule 
or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is 
enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible for 
the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
and  
"Spot Rate" means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the spot 
CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with Renminbi in the over-
the-counter Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement in two Determination 
Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong 
time) on the Determination Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page 
TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to 
Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the rate taking into consideration all available information which the Calculation 
Agent deems relevant, including pricing information obtained from the Renminbi non-
deliverable exchange market in Hong Kong or elsewhere and the CNY/U.S. dollar exchange 
rate in the PRC domestic foreign exchange market.  
6.8 
RMB account 
All payments in respect of any Note or Coupon in RMB will be made solely by credit to a 
RMB account maintained by the payee at a bank in Hong Kong or such other financial 
centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms as RMB Settlement Centre(s) in 
accordance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to time 
(including all applicable laws and regulations with respect to the settlement of Renminbi in 
Hong Kong or any relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s)).  
6.9 
Exchange of Talons 
If the due date for redemption of any interest bearing Note in definitive form is not a due date 
for the payment of interest relating thereto, interest accrued in respect of such interest bearing 
Note from (and including) the last preceding due date for the payment of interest (or from the 
Issue Date or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be) will be paid only against 
surrender of such Note. 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office outside Australia of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further coupon sheet 
including (if such further coupon sheet does not include Coupons to, and including, the final 
date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further 
Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9. Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon 
comprised in the relative coupon sheet matures. 
6.10 
Note Agents 
The names of the initial Agent and the other initial Paying Agents and their initial specified 
offices are set out below. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided 
that it will, so long as any of the Notes is outstanding, maintain (a) an Agent, (b) a Registrar, 
(c) a Paying Agent (which may be the Agent) having a specified office in a leading financial 
centre in Europe, (d) a Transfer Agent (which may be the Agent) having a specified office in 
a leading financial centre in Europe, (e) so long as any Notes are listed or admitted to trading 
on any stock exchange, there will be at all times a Paying Agent and a Transfer Agent having 
a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant 
stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) and (f) so long as any Registered Global 
Note is registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, an Exchange Agent. In addition, the 
Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in 
the circumstances described in paragraph 6.5 above. Any such variation, termination or 
change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency or of an Agent or Paying 
Agent (in each case that is an FFI) failing to become or ceasing to be a Participating FFI, 
when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 days' prior notice thereof shall 
have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 and provided further that 
neither the resignation nor the removal of the Agent or the Registrar shall take effect, except 
in the case of insolvency as aforesaid, until a new Agent or, as the case may be, Registrar has 
been appointed. Notice of any change in or addition to the Paying Agents or their specified 
offices will be published by the Issuer promptly in accordance with Condition 12.  
In this Condition: 
"FFI" means a "foreign financial institution" as such term is defined pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (the "Code") and any regulations 
thereunder or any official interpretations thereof; and 
"Participating FFI" means an FFI that, as from the effective date of any rules requiring 
withholding on "passthru payments" (as such term is defined pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code and any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof), 
meets the requirements of Section 1471(b) of the Code and any regulations or other official 
guidance issued thereunder and that has not elected to be withheld upon pursuant to Section 
1471(b)(3) of the Code. 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments by the Issuer of, or in respect of, principal of, and any premium and interest on, 
the Notes will be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of the Commonwealth of Australia or any political sub-division or 
authority thereof or therein having the power to tax unless the withholding or deduction of the 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer 
or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, will pay the additional amounts as may be necessary in 
order that the net amounts receivable by the Noteholder or Couponholder after the 
withholding or deduction (and after deduction of any additional taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges payable in respect of such additional amounts) shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would have been receivable in respect of

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
the Notes or, as the case may be, Coupons, in the absence of the withholding or deduction. 
However, no additional amounts will be so payable for or on account of: 
(a) 
any withholding, deduction, tax, duty, assessment or other governmental charge 
which would not have been imposed but for the fact that the relevant Noteholder or 
Couponholder:  
(i) 
was a resident, domiciliary or national of, or engaged in business or 
maintained a permanent establishment or was physically present in, Australia 
or otherwise had some connection with Australia other than the mere 
ownership of, or receipt of payment under, the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
presented the Note or Coupon for payment in Australia, unless the Note or 
Coupon could not have been presented for payment elsewhere; or  
(iii) 
presented the Note or Coupon more than thirty (30) days after the Relevant 
Date except to the extent that the relevant Noteholder or Couponholder would 
have been entitled to the additional amounts if it had presented the Note or 
Coupon for payment on any day within such period of thirty (30) days; or 
(b) 
any estate, inheritance, gift, sale, transfer, personal property or similar tax, assessment 
or other governmental charge or any withholding or deduction on account of such 
taxes; or 
(c) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge which is payable otherwise than by 
withholding or deduction from payments of (or in respect of) principal of, or any 
premium or interest on, the Note or Coupon; or 
(d) 
any withholding, deduction, tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is 
imposed or withheld by reason of the failure by the relevant Noteholder or 
Couponholder or, if the Note is a Global Note, the relevant beneficial owner thereof 
to comply with a request of the Issuer addressed to such Noteholder, Couponholder or 
beneficial owner, as the case may be, (i) to provide information concerning the 
nationality, residence, identity or address of such Noteholder, Couponholder or 
beneficial owner, as the case may be, or (ii) to make any declaration or other similar 
claim or satisfy any information or reporting requirement, which, in the case of (i) or 
(ii), is required or imposed by a statute, treaty, regulation or administrative practice of 
Australia or any political sub-division or taxing authority thereof or therein as a 
precondition to exemption from all or part of such withholding, deduction, tax, 
assessment or other governmental charge; or 
(e) 
any combination of items (a), (b), (c) and (d) above. 
In addition, any amounts to be paid on the Notes will be paid net of any deduction or 
withholding imposed or required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into 
pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or 
practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection 
with the implementation of such Sections of the Code, and no additional amounts will be 
required to be paid on account of any such deduction or withholding. 
Furthermore, no additional amounts will be paid with respect to any payment of, or in respect 
of, the principal of, or any premium or interest on, the Notes to any Noteholder, 
Couponholder or beneficial owner, as the case may be, who is a fiduciary or partnership or

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
other than the sole beneficial owner of such payment to the extent such payment would, under 
the laws of the Commonwealth of Australia or any political sub-division or authority thereof 
or therein having the power to tax, be treated as being derived or received for tax purposes by 
a beneficiary or settlor with respect to such fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a 
beneficial owner who would not have been entitled to such additional amounts had it been the 
holder of a Note or Coupon. 
The Issuer will not be liable to pay additional amounts to any holder of a Note or Coupon for 
any deduction or withholding on account of any duties or taxes where those duties or taxes 
are imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Commonwealth of Australia by virtue of such 
holder being an associate (as defined in Section 128F of the Income Tax Assessment Act 
1936 of Australia) of the Issuer or as a result of such holder being a party to or participating in 
a scheme to avoid such duties or taxes, being a scheme which the Issuer neither was party to 
nor participated in. 
The "Relevant Date" in respect of any payment means the date on which such payment first 
becomes due or (if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been received by the Agent 
on or prior to such due date) the date on which notice is given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12 that such moneys have been so received. 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal or interest or both in respect of the Notes shall 
be deemed to include (i) a reference to any additional amounts which may be payable under 
this Condition 7, (ii) in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, Low Interest (discount) Notes or High 
Interest (premium) Notes, the Amortised Face Amount and (iii) any premium and any other 
amounts which may be payable in respect of the Notes. 
8. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
8.1 
If any one or more of the following events ("Events of Default") shall have occurred and be 
continuing with respect to any Note(s) of a particular Series: 
(a) 
any principal or interest in respect of any such Note(s) is not paid when due and 
remains unpaid for a period of 30 days; or 
(b) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to perform any other material obligation under such 
Note(s) or the Guarantee and such failure is not remedied within a period of 60 days 
after written notice of that failure is given by any holder of such Note(s) to the Issuer 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent; or 
(c) 
the Issuer ceases to be a corporation sole constituted by the Under Treasurer of the 
State of Queensland pursuant to the Statutory Bodies Financial Arrangements Act 
1982 under the name and style "The Queensland Government Development 
Authority" as preserved and continued in existence as so constituted as a corporation 
sole under the name and style "Queensland Treasury Corporation" by the Queensland 
Treasury Corporation Act 1988 and the Statutory Bodies Financial Arrangements Act 
1982 of the State of Queensland (or by any statutory modification or amendment of 
either of those Acts) unless the obligations of the Issuer under such Note(s) are 
forthwith assumed by the Guarantor or by a successor statutory body constituted by 
public Act of the State of Queensland and the Guarantee continues to remain in full 
force and effect in respect thereof; or 
(d) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to repay the whole of the principal sum of any of its 
indebtedness for borrowed money being in excess of U.S.$10,000,000 (or the 
equivalent thereof in any other currency) within 30 days of the date on which it

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
becomes due and payable or fails to repay the whole of the principal sum of any 
indebtedness for borrowed money being in excess of U.S.$10,000,000 (or the 
equivalent thereof in any other currency) under any guarantee given by it in respect 
thereof within 30 days of the date on which it becomes due and payable under that 
guarantee; or 
(e) 
the Guarantee ceases for any reason to be in full force and effect or the holder(s) of 
such Note(s) ceases to be entitled to the full benefit of the Guarantee in accordance 
with its terms and it is not forthwith replaced by another guarantee by the Guarantor 
on substantially the same terms and conditions as the Guarantee or by such other 
security as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement) of the holders of such Notes,  
then in any such case, at the option of any such Noteholder, and upon written demand to the 
Agent at its specified office, the Issuer shall, upon the date that such written demand is 
received by the Agent, unless prior to such date the Issuer shall have cured all Events of 
Default in respect of all such Notes, be bound to repay either (i) all the Notes of the relevant 
Series if represented by a Global Note deposited with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or (ii) such Note(s) in any other circumstances, in each case as provided in 
paragraph 8.2 below. 
8.2 
If the Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes, Low Interest (discount) Notes and High Interest 
(premium) Notes) of any particular Series become due and repayable pursuant to this 
Condition 8, they shall be repayable in accordance with the provisions of Condition 5.8. Zero 
Coupon Notes, Low Interest (discount) Notes and High Interest (premium) Notes will be 
repayable in accordance with Condition 5.7. 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for payment of principal under the Notes (whether in bearer on registered form) shall 
be prescribed upon the expiry of ten years, and claims for payment of interest (if any) in 
respect of the Notes shall be prescribed upon the expiry of five years, in each case from the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) therefor subject to the provisions of Condition 6. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 9 or 
Condition 6 above. 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES AND COUPONS 
If any Note (including a Global Note) or Coupon is mutilated, defaced, stolen, destroyed or 
lost it may be replaced at the specified office of the Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or 
Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) on payment by the claimant of 
such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or 
Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders (or the 
holders of Notes of any one or more Series) to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the modification by Extraordinary Resolution of the conditions of the Notes of any 
one or more Series. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution 
shall be one or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of 
the Notes (or, as the case may be, the Notes of the relevant one or more Series) for the time

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders (or, as the case may be, holders of the Notes of the relevant one or 
more Series) whatever the nominal amount of the Notes (or, as the case may be, the Notes of 
the relevant one or more Series) for the time being outstanding so held or represented, except 
that at any meeting the business of which includes, inter alia, (a) modification of the Maturity 
Date of the Notes (or, as the case may be, the Notes of the relevant one or more Series) or 
reduction or cancellation of the principal amount payable upon maturity or variation of the 
method of calculating the principal amount payable on maturity, (b) reduction of the amount 
payable or modification of the payment date in respect of any interest in respect of the Notes 
(or, as the case may be, the Notes of the relevant one or more Series) or variation of the 
method of calculating the rate of interest in respect of the Notes (or, as the case may be, the 
Notes of the relevant one or more Series), (c) reduction of any Minimum Rate of Interest 
and/or Maximum Rate of Interest, (d) modification of the currency in which payments under 
the Notes (or, as the case may be, the Notes of the relevant one or more Series) and/or the 
Coupons appertaining thereto are to be made, (e) modification or termination of the 
provisions of the Guarantee, (f) modification of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution or (g) modification of the provisions of the Agency Agreement concerning this 
exception, the necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters, or at any adjourned such meeting 
not less than a clear majority, of the nominal amount of the Notes (or, as the case may be, the 
Notes of the relevant one or more Series) for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at any meeting of Noteholders (or, as the case may be, holders of the Notes 
of the relevant one or more Series) will be binding on all Noteholders (or, as the case may be, 
holders of the Notes of the relevant one or more Series) whether or not they are present at the 
meeting, and on all holders of Coupons appertaining to such Notes.  The Agency Agreement 
contains provisions that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of a majority consisting 
of not less than three-fourths of the votes given will also have effect as an Extraordinary 
Resolution. 
The Agent may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders (or, as 
the case may be, the holders of the Notes or Coupons of the relevant one or more Series), to 
any modification to any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement or the Notes which is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error. Any such 
modification shall be binding on all the Noteholders and the Couponholders (or, as the case 
may be, the holders of the Notes or Coupons of the relevant one or more Series) and, if the 
Agent so requires, shall be notified to the Noteholders (or, as the case may be, the holders of 
the Notes of the relevant one or more Series) as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance 
with Condition 12. 
12. 
NOTICES 
12.1 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be valid if published (a) in one leading London 
daily newspaper (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, if this is not practicable, 
one other English language daily newspaper with general circulation in the United Kingdom 
as the Issuer may decide and (b) if and for so long as any Bearer Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange (which, if the Bearer Notes are listed or admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be www.bourse.lu) or relevant 
authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by 
those rules. Any notice published as aforesaid shall be deemed to have been given on the date 
of such publication or, if published more than once, on the date of the first such publication.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
Couponholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice 
given to the holders of the Notes of the relative Series in accordance with this Condition. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first 
class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of 
joint holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to 
have been given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered 
Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority 
and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be 
published on the website of the relevant stock exchange (which, if the Registered Notes are 
listed or admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will 
be www.bourse.lu) or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
the place or places required by those rules, in which case such notice will be deemed to have 
been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once, on the date of the 
first such publication. 
12.2 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as all the Global Notes 
for a particular Series are held in their entirety on behalf of DTC and/or Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted, in relation only to such Series, for such publication 
in one leading London daily newspaper or such websites or such mailing as aforesaid the 
delivery of the relevant notice to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
communication by them to the holders of the Notes of the relevant Series. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes of the relevant Series on the 
second day after the day on which the said notice was given to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
12.3 
Notices to be given by any holder of Notes shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst 
any Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notices may be given by a holder of any 
Notes so represented to the Agent via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, in such manner as the Agent, the Registrar, DTC and/or Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg may approve for this purpose. 
13. 
AGENT 
The Agent will act solely as an agent of the Issuer and will not assume any obligations or 
relationships of agency or trust towards or with any Noteholder or Couponholder, except that 
funds received by the Agent for the payment of any sums due in respect of the Notes of any 
Series and the Coupons relating thereto shall be held by it in trust for the relevant Noteholders 
and Couponholders (as the case may be) until the expiration of the relevant period under 
Condition 9. The Agency Agreement contains provisions for the indemnification of the Agent 
and for its relief from responsibility in certain circumstances and entitling it to enter into 
business transactions with the Issuer and any of its subsidiaries without being liable to 
account to any of the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any resulting profit. 
14. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer is at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes ranking equally in all respects (or in all 
respects save for the date and amount of the first payment of interest thereon and the date 
from which interest starts to accrue) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single series with the Notes of a particular Series.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
15. 
SUBSTITUTION 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the holders of the Notes of any Series, be replaced as 
principal debtor under such Notes by a successor statutory body constituted by public Act of 
the State of Queensland, which by the provisions of the Act by which it is constituted assumes 
all of the obligations of the Issuer under such Notes, or by the Guarantor by execution of a 
deed by which it assumes all of such obligations, so long as (a) in either case all necessary 
governmental and regulatory consents and approvals have been obtained for such substitution 
and (b) in the case of substitution by a successor statutory body, the Guarantee of such Notes 
remains in full force and effect and the holders of such Notes remain entitled to the full 
benefit of the Guarantee in accordance with its terms. If and for so long as any Notes are 
listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require (a) a 
prospectus supplement, approved by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall be published by 
any successor Issuer and (b) notice of any substitution in accordance with this Condition 15 
shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12.  
16. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
to enforce any term of this Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
The Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency 
Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. In relation to any legal action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the Coupons ("Proceedings"), 
the Issuer hereby irrevocably submits for the benefit of the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders (including Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with the Notes and the Coupons) to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts 
of England. The Issuer appoints the Trade Commissioner for Europe and Agent-General for 
Queensland at Trade and Investment Queensland, The Australia Centre, Strand, London 
WC2B 4LG as its agent in England to receive service of process in any Proceedings in 
England based on any of the Notes or the Coupons. If for any reason such process agent 
ceases to act as such or no longer has an address in England, the Issuer agrees to appoint a 
substitute process agent and to notify the Noteholders of such appointment. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Issuer hereby waives irrevocably any immunity 
from jurisdiction (but not execution or attachment or process in the nature thereof) to which it 
might otherwise be entitled in any action based on the Notes which may be instituted in any 
competent court.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the sale of the Notes will be used to finance the activities of the State of 
Queensland and its Government Bodies. See "Queensland Treasury Corporation". If, in respect of an 
issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations 
and procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg currently in effect. Investors wishing 
to use the facilities of any of DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or of any Alternative 
Clearing System specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the 
Issuer and the Agent are advised to confirm the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant 
clearing system. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any other party to the Agency Agreement will 
have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on 
account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the facilities of any clearing 
system or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. Information in this section has been derived from the Clearing Systems. 
Book-entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York 
Banking Law, a "banking organisation" within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a 
"clearing corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a 
"clearing agency" registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act.  DTC holds securities that 
its participants ("Participants") deposit with DTC.  DTC also facilitates the settlement among 
Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through 
electronic computerised book-entry changes in Participants' accounts, thereby eliminating the need for 
physical movement of securities certificates.  Direct Participants include securities brokers and 
dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations.  DTC is owned 
by a number of its Direct Participants and by the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., the American 
Stock Exchange, Inc. and the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.  Access to the DTC 
System is also available to others such as securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies 
that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or 
indirectly ("Indirect Participants").   
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the 
"Rules"), DTC makes book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose 
behalf it acts with respect to Notes accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system ("DTC Notes") 
as described below and receives and transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes. 
The Rules are on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Direct Participants and Indirect 
Participants with which beneficial owners of DTC Notes ("Owners") have accounts with respect to the 
DTC Notes similarly are required to make book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such 
payments on behalf of their respective Owners.  Accordingly, although Owners who hold DTC Notes 
through Direct Participants or Indirect Participants will not possess Registered Notes, the Rules, by 
virtue of the requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will 
receive payments and will be able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, 
which will receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC's records.  The ownership interest of each 
actual Purchaser of each DTC Note ("Beneficial Owner") is in turn to be recorded on the Direct and 
Indirect Participant's records.  Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of 
their purchase, but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details 
of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect 
Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction.  Transfers of ownership 
interests in the DTC Notes are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of Participants acting 
on behalf of Beneficial Owners.  Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
ownership interests in DTC Notes, except in the event that use of the book-entry system for the DTC 
Notes is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in 
the name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co.  The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their 
registration in the name of Cede & Co. effect no change in beneficial ownership.  DTC has no 
knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC's records reflect only the identity 
of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be 
the Beneficial Owners.  The Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings 
on behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct 
Participants to Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial 
Owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory 
requirements as may be in effect from time to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to Cede & Co.  If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are 
being redeemed, DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct 
Participant in such issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes.  Under its usual 
procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date.  The 
Omnibus Proxy assigns Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose 
accounts the DTC Notes are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the 
Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to DTC.  DTC's practice is to credit 
Direct Participants' accounts on the due date for payment in accordance with their respective holdings 
shown on DTC's records unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not receive payment on the due 
date.  Payments by Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and 
customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or 
registered in "street name", and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the 
Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time.  
Payment of principal and interest to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such 
payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to 
the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct and Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will 
exchange the DTC Notes for definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Participants in 
accordance with their proportionate entitlements and which, if representing interests in a Rule 144A 
Global Note, will be legended as set forth under "Transfer Restrictions". 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect 
Participants, any Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in 
DTC, or otherwise take actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to withdraw its 
Registered Notes from DTC as described below. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the 
clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their 
respective account holders.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services 
including safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities 
and securities lending and borrowing.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
domestic securities markets in several countries through established depository and custodial 
relationships.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between 
their two systems across which their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations.  
Indirect access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear 
through or maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of either system. 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Notes  
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Registered 
Global Note accepted in its book-entry settlement system.  Upon the issue of any such Registered 
Global Note, DTC or its custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective 
nominal amounts of the individual beneficial interests represented by such Registered Global Note to 
the accounts of persons who have accounts with DTC.  Such accounts initially will be designated by 
or on behalf of the relevant Dealer.  Ownership of beneficial interests in such a Registered Global 
Note will be limited to Direct Participants or Indirect Participants, including, in the case of any 
Regulation S Global Note, the respective depositaries of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Ownership of beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC will be shown on, and 
the transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC or its 
nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct Participants 
(with respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Note accepted by 
DTC will be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Note.  In the 
case of any payment in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange 
Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions 
received by it) remit all or a portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of 
interests in the Registered Global Note in the currency in which such payment was made and/or cause 
all or a portion of such payment to be converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable 
Participants' account.  
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in 
accordance with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to 
believe that it will not receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments 
by Participants to beneficial owners of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and customary 
practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the 
responsibility of such Participant and not the responsibility of DTC, the Agent, the Registrar or the 
Issuer. Payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, on Notes to DTC is the 
responsibility of the Issuer.  
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes  
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating 
procedures of the relevant clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require 
that certain persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to 
transfer Notes represented by a Registered Global Note to such persons may depend upon the ability 
to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf 
of Direct Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability 
of a person having an interest in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to 
pledge such Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in the DTC system or otherwise to take 
action in respect of such Notes may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
definitive form.  The ability of any holder of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted 
by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes may be impaired if the proposed transferee 
of such Notes is not eligible to hold such Notes through a direct or indirect participant in the DTC 
system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
"Subscription and Sale" and "Transfer Restrictions", cross-market transfers between DTC, on the one 
hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the 
other, will be effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action 
taken by the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and any custodian ("Custodian") with whom the relevant 
Registered Global Notes have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants in 
DTC will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3).  The 
customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC 
participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer.  Because 
there is no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, 
on the other, transfers of interests in the relevant Registered Global Notes will be effected through the 
Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, 
certification) from the transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the 
credit of the designated account for the transferee.  In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement 
between Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC participants cannot be made 
on a delivery versus payment basis.  The securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and 
arrangements for payment must be made separately. 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures 
designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants 
and accountholders of DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear.  However, they are under no 
obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be 
discontinued or changed at any time. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Agents or any Dealer will 
be responsible for any performance by DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or their 
respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the 
rules and procedures governing their operations and none of them will have any liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Notes 
represented by Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial interests. 
Alternative Clearing System 
The applicable Final Terms may specify an Alternative Clearing System to be applicable to the Notes 
of the relevant Series, may describe the relevant rules and operating procedures of such Alternative 
Clearing System and may specify certain terms and conditions as to the custody or transfer of any 
Global Note or any other relevant matter which shall, to the extent so specified, modify the 
Conditions of the relevant Notes or the provisions of the relevant Global Note.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes in the United States are advised to 
consult legal counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes. 
Each Purchaser of Registered Notes (other than a person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global 
Note with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note) or person wishing to 
transfer an interest from one Registered Global Note to another or from global to definitive form or 
vice versa, will be required to acknowledge, represent and agree as follows (terms used in this 
paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(a) 
that either: (i) it is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the 
account of one or more QIBs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in reliance on 
Rule 144A or (ii) it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person; 
(b) 
that the Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the 
United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Notes have not been and 
will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. State securities 
laws and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons except as set forth below; 
(c) 
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Note and either is a person located 
outside the United States or is not a U.S. person, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or 
otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial interests in the Notes, it will do so, prior to the 
date which is two years after the later of the last Issue Date for the Series and the last date on 
which the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer was the owner of such Notes, only (i) to the 
Issuer or any affiliate thereof, (ii) inside the United States to a person whom the seller 
reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its own account or for the account of a QIB in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (iii) outside the United States in 
compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act, (iv) pursuant to the 
exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available) or 
(v) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in each case in 
accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; 
(d) 
that it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any Purchaser of the Notes from 
it of the resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (c) above, if then applicable; 
(e) 
that Notes initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by one or more 
Rule 144A Global Notes and that Notes offered outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S will be represented by one or more Regulation S Global Notes; 
(f) 
that the Notes, other than the Regulation S Global Notes, will bear a legend to the following 
effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
"THE NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS SECURITY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED 
UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES 
ACT"), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, 
ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES 
OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT AS SET 
FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE.  BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE 
HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" 
(AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("RULE 144A")) 
PURCHASING THE SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS; (B) AGREES THAT IT 
WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE SECURITIES EXCEPT IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND, PRIOR TO THE DATE 
WHICH IS TWO YEARS AFTER THE LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE 
SERIES AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE 
ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH SECURITIES, OTHER THAN (1) TO THE 
ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A 
PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A PURCHASING 
FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF 
RULE 144A, (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 
OR RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (4) PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION 
FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF 
AVAILABLE) OR (5) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND 
ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH 
PERSON 
TO 
WHOM 
THIS 
SECURITY 
IS 
TRANSFERRED 
A 
NOTICE 
SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE 
AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT 
OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR 
REGISTERED 
ADDRESSES, 
TO 
MODIFY 
THE 
RESTRICTIONS 
ON 
AND 
PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO 
REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE 
INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR 
OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY.  THE HOLDER 
OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE 
HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT 
(EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER 
HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES 
ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY 
NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON)."; 
(g) 
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise 
transfer the Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40 
days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date with respect to 
the original issuance of the Notes), it will do so only (i)(A) outside the United States in 
compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act or (B) to a QIB in compliance with 
Rule 144A and (ii) in accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; and it 
acknowledges that the Regulation S Global Notes will bear a legend to the following effect 
unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY 
OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY 
NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE 
AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN AND PURSUANT TO AN 
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
THIS LEGEND SHALL CEASE TO APPLY UPON THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 
DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF ALL THE NOTES OF 
THE TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART."; and 
(h) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall 
promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or 
more accounts it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such 
account and that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations 
and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
No sale of Legended Notes in the United States to any one Purchaser will be for less than 
U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount and no Legended Note will be 
issued in connection with such a sale in a smaller principal amount.  If the Purchaser is a non-bank 
fiduciary acting on behalf of others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least 
U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) Registered Notes.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
QUEENSLAND TREASURY CORPORATION 
In 1982, the State of Queensland (the "State" or "Queensland") established the Queensland 
Government Development Authority as a corporation sole constituted by the Under Treasurer 
pursuant to the Statutory Bodies Financial Arrangements Act 1982 to act as a central borrowing 
authority for the State. The powers of that statutory body were expanded in 1988 and the name 
changed to Queensland Treasury Corporation ("Corporation") pursuant to the Queensland Treasury 
Corporation Act 1988 (the "Act"). 
Under the Act, the Corporation has as its statutory objectives: 
(a) 
to act as a financial institution for the benefit of and the provision of financial resources and 
services to statutory bodies (as defined in the Act) and the State; 
(b) 
to enhance the financial position of the Corporation, other statutory bodies and the State; and  
(c) 
to enter into and perform financial and other arrangements that in the opinion of the 
Corporation have as their objective:  
(i) 
the advancement of the financial interests of the State;  
(ii) 
the development of the State or any part thereof; or  
(iii) 
the benefit of persons or classes of persons resident in or having or likely to have an 
association with Queensland.  
In furtherance of these objectives, the Act also provides that the Corporation has the following 
functions:  
(a) 
to borrow, raise or otherwise obtain financial accommodation in Australia or elsewhere for 
itself, statutory bodies or other persons;  
(b) 
to advance money or otherwise make financial accommodation available;  
(c) 
to act as a central borrowing and capital raising authority for the statutory bodies of the State;  
(d) 
to act as agent for statutory bodies in negotiating, entering into and performing financial 
arrangements;  
(e) 
to provide a medium for the investment of funds of the Treasurer of the State, statutory bodies 
or any other persons; and  
(f) 
to manage or cause to be managed the Corporation's financial rights and obligations.  
As at 30 June 2020, the Corporation had assets totalling A$149.626 billion and liabilities totalling 
A$149.099 billion (compared to total assets of A$139.549 billion and total liabilities of A$139.039 
billion as at 30 June 2019). The Corporation has two reporting segments. The Capital Markets 
Operations segment is responsible for providing debt funding, liability management, cash 
management and financial risk management advice to its public sector clients, while the Long Term 
Assets segment holds a portfolio of assets which are held to fund the superannuation and other long-
term obligations of the State. 
The Capital Markets Operations segment had assets totalling A$123.409 billion and liabilities of 
A$122.882 billion as at 30 June 2020 (compared to assets of A$110.203 billion and liabilities of

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
A$109.693 billion as at 30 June 2019). In relation to the Long Term Assets segment, assets totalled 
A$26.217 billion and liabilities totalled A$26.217 billion as at 30 June 2020 (compared to assets of 
A$29.346 billion and liabilities of A$29.346 billion as at 30 June 2019). 
The financial statements of the Corporation comprise the Statement of Comprehensive Income, 
Balance Sheet, Statement of Changes in Equity, Statement of Cash Flows and Notes to and forming 
part of the Financial Statements. 
Organisation and Structure of the Corporation 
The Queensland Treasury Corporation Capital Markets Board (the "Board") was established under 
section 10 of the Act to determine and implement ongoing strategies for capital market operations. 
The present Under Treasurer of the State is Ms Rachel Hunter. 
The powers, functions and duties of the Under Treasurer (save for those relating to the Long Term 
Assets segment – see below) have been delegated to the Board. Members of the Board are appointed 
by the Governor in Council of the State and are not employees of the Corporation. The current 
Chairman of the Board is Mr Gerard Bradley. 
The Chief Executive of the Corporation is Philip Noble. The senior management structure includes 
four Managing Directors namely Grant Bush, Mark Girard, Jane Keating and Rupert Haywood 
covering Funding and Markets, Client Advisory, Finance, Data and Compliance and Corporate 
Services respectively. Grant Bush is the Deputy Chief Executive. 
The business address of the Corporation and the Board is Level 31, 111 Eagle Street, Brisbane, 
Queensland 4000 and the contact phone number is (+61) 7 3842 4600. No director has any actual or 
potential conflicts of interest between his or her duties to the Corporation and his or her private 
interest or other duties which have not been declared and managed.  
Borrowing and Lending Activities of the Corporation 
With respect to borrowings, the Corporation raises funds in domestic and international capital markets 
primarily for on-lending to Queensland Government bodies, which include statutory bodies and 
authorities, government departments, government owned corporations and local governments 
("Government Bodies" or "clients").   
At 30 June 2020, the total borrowings of the Corporation were A$99.350 billion (A$113.189 billion in 
market value). This amount included debt issued under overseas funding programmes equivalent to 
A$2.439 billion based on the prevailing rates of exchange at 30 June 2020. All foreign currency 
borrowings are fully hedged back to Australian dollars by way of cross currency swaps and exchange 
contracts. The Capital Market Operations segment recorded a profit after tax of A$66.9 million for the 
year ended 30 June 2020 compared to A$125.9 million for the year ended 30 June 2019. 
The repayment of principal and the payment of interest on all A$ bonds (which, for purposes of the 
Act and certain other purposes, have been and are identified as "Inscribed Stock") issued by the 
Corporation under the domestic A$ bond programme is unconditionally guaranteed by the Treasurer 
on behalf of the Government of Queensland pursuant to section 32 of the Act. In relation to all other 
liabilities of the Corporation, section 33 of the Act provides that the Treasurer on behalf of the 
Government of Queensland may guarantee with the approval of the Governor in Council the 
performance of the Corporation's obligations under any financial arrangements entered into by the 
Corporation. Pursuant to this provision, all offshore bond, medium term note and commercial paper 
programmes and issuance undertaken by the Corporation have been guaranteed by the Treasurer. 
Furthermore, all amounts lawfully payable by the Corporation to its counterparties under relevant

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
ISDA arrangements are guaranteed by the Treasurer pursuant to a deed of guarantee issued under 
section 33 of the Act.  
The Corporation's borrowing and lending functions are separated. This separation is with a view to the 
Corporation borrowing in the markets in an orderly manner and, at the same time, reduces the likely 
negative impact on the Corporation's interest rates of borrowing large amounts to meet funding 
requirements when funds are required by clients.  
Surplus borrowings are held to manage the Corporation's refinancing risk, clients' interest rate risk, 
and to manage the Corporation's liquidity risk. To ensure the Corporation has high levels of liquidity, 
these surpluses are held in funding pools with highly liquid investments being made with high quality 
credit counterparties.  
As at 30 June 2020, the Corporation's on-lendings to its clients totalled A$98.334 billion of which 
A$28.686 billion was to government owned corporations. 
Long Term Assets 
The Corporation holds a portfolio of assets that were transferred to the Corporation by the Queensland 
Government under an administrative arrangement. These assets are the investments of the 
Corporation's Long Term Assets segment and were accumulated to fund superannuation and other 
long-term obligations of the State, such as insurance. In return, the Corporation issued to the State 
fixed rate notes which has resulted in the State receiving a fixed rate of return on the notes, while the 
Corporation bears the impact of fluctuations in the value and returns on the asset portfolio. 
The State Investment Advisory Board ("SIAB"), formerly the Long Term Asset Advisory Board (the 
"LTAAB") is responsible for oversight of the Long Term Assets which do not form part of the 
Corporation's day-to-day capital market operations. The Long Term Assets are held in unit trusts 
managed by QIC Limited. Effective 4 July 2019, the LTAAB was renamed as the SIAB. Board 
Membership includes the Under Treasurer, the Deputy Under Treasurer, Economic and Fiscal 
Coordination and three external members.  
The liabilities in the Long Term Assets segment are valued at fair value, which removes the 
accounting mismatch between the assets and liabilities that existed in prior periods before the year 
ended 30 June 2019. As a result of this accounting policy, the Long Term Assets segment will not 
generate any profit or loss for QTC and the segment will have a nil Net equity. 
The market value of assets and liabilities held under this arrangement as at 30 June 2020 totalled 
A$26.217 billion. 
Under section 15 of the Act, profits made by the Corporation shall accrue to the benefit of the State's 
Consolidated Fund and any losses shall be the responsibility of the State's Consolidated Fund.  
Enterprise-wide Risk Management 
The Corporation has an established Enterprise-wide Risk Management framework including 
Enterprise-wide Risk Management policies and procedures. As part of this Enterprise-wide Risk 
Management framework, the Corporation continues to monitor and manage its risks through 
identification of both material and non-material risks. Material risks are those risks that have the 
potential to materially affect the achievement of the Corporation's objectives. Material risks include 
the risk that the corporation cannot access funding to meet debt servicing obligations and client 
borrowing requirements. This risk has the potential to significantly impact the Corporation's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under its funding programmes and facilities.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
To offset the risks associated with the Corporation's inability to access suitable funding markets when 
required, it holds significant levels of highly liquid surplus assets, which can be readily liquidated if 
required. Included in these surplus assets are funds held on account of the Corporation borrowing in 
advance of requirement to fund both the redemption of maturing debt and to fund clients' debt 
financing requirements.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
QUEENSLAND 
General 
The State of Queensland (the "State" or "Queensland") has the second largest land area of the six 
Australian States and the largest habitable area. It occupies the north-eastern quarter of Australia, 
covering 1.7 million square kilometres, stretching from the sub-tropical and densely populated 
southeast to the tropical, sparsely populated Cape York Peninsula in the north. The State's geography 
and climate are suitable for the production of a wide variety of agricultural products, the most 
important being meat, grains, sugar and cotton. In addition, the State has extensive deposits of 
minerals and gasses (including large reserves of coal and one of the world's largest known bauxite 
deposits), a diverse industrial base, well-developed ports and transportation systems and an educated 
workforce. A land transportation network of approximately 10,000 kilometres of railway lines and 
184,000 kilometres of roads supports the development of the State's resources.  
Queensland is the third most populous state in Australia with a population of around 5.2 million 
persons, or 20.1% of Australia's population, as at 31 March 2020. As at 30 June 2019, 72.5% of 
Queensland's population lives in South-East Queensland, an area with mild climate and a developed 
industrial base. The remainder of the State's population is spread quite widely, making Queensland's 
population the most dispersed of the Australian states.  
Brisbane, the capital of Queensland, with its surrounding metropolitan area has approximately 
2.5 million residents. There are nine other population centres in Queensland with over 50,000 
residents.  
Government of Queensland 
The Commonwealth of Australia ("Australia" or the "Commonwealth") was formed as a federal union 
on 1 January  1901, when the six British colonies of New South Wales, Victoria, Queensland, South 
Australia, Western Australia and Tasmania were united as states in a federation. In addition to the six 
states, Australia has a number of territories including the Northern Territory and the Australian 
Capital Territory, the latter containing the nation's capital of Canberra. 
The federal Parliament can make laws only on certain matters. These include international and inter-
state trade; foreign affairs; defence; immigration; taxation; banking; insurance; marriage and divorce; 
currency and weights and measures; post and telecommunications; and invalid and old age pensions. 
On some matters the Commonwealth is given exclusive powers and as such, the states are unable to 
legislate in these areas. On other matters, the Commonwealth and the states have concurrent powers, 
whereby both the Commonwealth and the states may legislate. The states retain legislative powers 
over matters not specifically listed in the Constitution. In cases of conflict in areas where the 
Commonwealth and states have concurrent powers to make laws, Commonwealth law has priority and 
the state law is invalid to the extent of any inconsistency. 
State powers include control over education, public health, police and justice, transport, roads and 
railways, industry, mining and agriculture, public works, ports, forestry, electricity, gas, and water 
supply and irrigation.  
While Queensland has autonomy and control in respect of those functions which are its constitutional 
responsibility, it forms a part of the Commonwealth and in many important respects its economic 
performance and prospects are closely interrelated with those of Australia as a whole. In particular, 
primary responsibility for overall economic management in Australia rests with the Australian 
Government. For example, the Australian Government has responsibility for national budget policy, 
fiscal policy, and external policy. In addition, while most wage rates have been traditionally centrally

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
determined through Federal and state conciliation and arbitration tribunals, legislation over the last 
two decades underpins a move away from central wage fixation toward enterprise based agreements.  
Legislative powers in Queensland are vested in the State Parliament, which consists of a single 
chamber, the Legislative Assembly, elected by the compulsory vote of all persons 18 years of age or 
over, for a term not exceeding three years.  
The most recent State election was held in October 2020. The Australian Labour Party was returned to 
Government for a third term after winning 52 seats (of a 93 seat parliament) to form an outright 
majority. The current Premier is the Honourable Annastacia Palaszczuk, who entered the State 
Parliament in 2006. The next State election is due to be held in October 2024, following the recent 
commencement of fixed four-year terms.  
The executive power of the State is formally exercised by the Governor of Queensland (the 
"Governor"), who is the representative of the Crown and is advised by the Executive Council. The 
Executive Council is comprised of the Governor and the Ministry. The Ministers are members of the 
party or coalition of parties which command the support of a majority in the Legislative Assembly. 
Including the Premier, there are at present a total of 18 Ministers. In practice, the executive power of 
the State is exercised by the Cabinet (which in Queensland, consists of all Ministers) with the 
decisions of the Cabinet being formally ratified by the Governor when necessary. As is the case 
federally, it is a well-established convention that, except in extraordinary circumstances, the Governor 
acts on the advice of the Cabinet.  
The authority of Queensland's Parliament is required for the raising of all state revenues and for all 
state expenditures. The State's accounts (including the accounts of the Corporation) are audited on a 
continuing basis by the State's Auditor-General, who is an appointee of the Governor in Council and 
who reports annually to the Queensland Parliament on each year's financial operations.  
Each Minister is responsible to Parliament for the operation of one or more Government departments, 
as well as any associated statutory authorities. Departments are staffed by independent public servants 
with each department having a Director-General who, under the Financial Accountability Act 2009, is 
responsible for the financial administration of the funds provided by Parliament for use by that 
department.  
The State judicial system operates principally through the Land Court, Children's Court, Magistrates 
Court, the District Court, the Supreme Court and the Queensland Civil and Administrative Tribunal. 
The Court of Appeal is a division of the Supreme Court. The judiciary in Queensland is appointed by 
the Crown, as represented by the Governor, acting upon the advice of the Cabinet.  
A number of separate entities have been established in Queensland under special Acts of Parliament 
to carry out particular functions or to provide specific community services. These entities are 
variously referred to as "Statutory Authorities", "Statutory Bodies", "Semi-Government Authorities", 
"Local Authorities", "Local Governments", "Government Owned Corporations" or "public 
enterprises".

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
QUEENSLAND ECONOMY  
Overview 
Queensland has a modern, vibrant economy, supported by a diverse range of industries, including 
agriculture, resources, construction, tourism, manufacturing and services. 
Over the past two decades, Queensland’s economic growth has generally exceeded the national 
average. Following the resources investment boom and associated ramp-up in liquefied natural gas 
("LNG") exports in recent years, economic growth is expected to be more wide-ranging and largely in 
line with national growth in coming years. 
More recently, the Queensland economy has battled with the impacts of the global COVID-19 
pandemic, with outbreaks and related restrictions on activity in Australia and many other countries 
leading to a severe deterioration in the national and international economic outlooks. 
However, Queensland’s comparatively strong health response has meant the State’s economic 
recovery has been a standout amongst Australia’s states and territories, as well as other peer 
economies internationally. Domestic activity and employment have rebounded strongly in the second 
half of 2020 as restrictions have progressively been unwound. 
Agriculture, forestry and fishing is a vital part of Queensland’s diverse economy and an important 
part of the State’s heritage, particularly in rural and regional areas. The bulk of Queensland’s 
agricultural commodities are produced for export, providing a significant contribution to foreign 
earnings. 
Queensland has well developed coal and minerals industries, and the LNG industry has recently seen 
rapid expansion and transformation into a major international export sector. The State's coal and 
bauxite reserves are among the largest in the world, generally of high grade and easily accessible.  
Queensland is the world’s largest seaborne exporter of metallurgical coal (used to produce steel), with 
a large proportion of the State’s coal currently produced from the Bowen Basin. A wide variety of 
minerals are produced in Queensland, with bauxite, copper, zinc, lead, silver and gold being the most 
common. The largest concentration of minerals mines is in the region surrounding Mount Isa. 
While Queensland’s natural gas industry has been operating since the 1960s, the development of coal 
seam gas extraction and the significant investment in LNG plants at Gladstone has opened the sector 
up to major export markets in Asia valued at A$15.6 billion in 2019-20. LNG has become 
Queensland’s second most valuable commodity export after metallurgical coal. 
Most of the resources produced in Queensland are used overseas. Overseas exports of coal, LNG and 
minerals accounted for around two-thirds of Queensland’s international goods and services exports in 
2019-20. 
Historically, the manufacturing industry has not been as important to the Queensland economy as 
other Australian States. Manufacturing in Queensland specialised to meet the internal requirements of 
the Queensland economy, including minerals processing and agriculture. However, in recent years the 
manufacturing sector has diversified and expanded into higher value-added and high technology 
industries.  
International and interstate tourism is also an important contributor to the Queensland economy. 
Queensland boasts many natural attractions, including the Great Barrier Reef, extensive beaches, 
island resorts and tropical rainforests, as well as cosmopolitan cities and a unique countryside. The

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
near-term outlook for international tourism has become clouded due to uncertainties surrounding the 
approval, manufacture and distribution of various COVID-19 vaccines, the success of which will have 
a direct impact on the re-opening of international borders. Further, even after international borders are 
re-opened, it may take some time before confidence returns to the travel market. 
Like all modern economies, Queensland has an extensive service sector which complements a diverse 
range of activities, including construction, wholesale and retail trade, communications, business and 
financial services, as well as the tourism sector.  
There have been significant structural changes in the Queensland economy over the past 20 years. The 
importance of the manufacturing sector has gradually declined over the period, while the importance 
of the financial and insurance and professional scientific and technical services sectors has increased.  
Economic Strategy 
In response to COVID-19, the Queensland Government’s (the “Government”) policy focus was on 
protecting the health of Queenslanders, supporting Queensland businesses, keeping workers 
connected with their employers, and getting Queenslanders back into jobs through well-targeted 
support and stimulus measures. 
The Government’s Economic Recovery Plan highlighted initiatives totalling more than A$7 billion to 
support jobs, businesses and economic opportunities in Queensland. 
Building on this support, the 2020-21 Budget also outlines funding related to a significant package of 
election commitments, totalling A$4.3 billion over four years to drive ongoing service delivery, 
economic recovery and growth. 
However, despite the economic recovery now underway in Queensland, the COVID-19 pandemic will 
have a significant and lasting impact on the State’s industries, regions and communities. 
Therefore, the Government’s policy focus will continue to pivot to a focus on improving the 
competitiveness and productivity of Queensland’s key industries, in order to drive private sector 
growth and investment. 
This pro-growth and pro-business economic strategy to drive longer-term economic growth and 
prosperity throughout Queensland will be underpinned by an enhanced focus on:  
• 
building the State’s productive capacity, including through appropriate investment in 
productivity-enhancing infrastructure, skills and training, and fostering innovation;  
• 
leveraging the State’s natural and competitive advantages, including in its regions; 
• 
maintaining a responsive public sector which provides timely and efficient services to all 
Queenslanders; 
• 
reducing costs for businesses to increase their competitiveness; and  
• 
regulatory reform to support growth.  
Leveraging the substantial support and stimulus measures already announced to support the State’s 
economic recovery, the Government’s focus on improving productivity and competitiveness will 
create more well-paid secure jobs, increase incomes, reduce the unemployment rate and improve 
prosperity and living standards for all Queenslanders.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
Economic Growth 
According to the Australia Bureau of Statistics, Queensland's economic output fell by 1.1% in 2019-
20, due to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, following growth of 0.9% in the previous year. 
The decline in real gross state product (the "GSP") in 2019-20 was primarily driven by (i) the 
balancing item (which includes interstate trade and the balancing item discrepancy), which detracted 
1.6 percentage points from GSP growth; (ii) private investment, which detracted 1.1 percentage points 
from GSP growth; and (iii) household consumption, which contracted 0.8 percentage points from GSP 
growth due to social distancing measures implemented in the quarter ending 30 June 2020 designed to 
combat the spread of COVID-19. Public final demand contributed 1.7 percentage points to GSP 
growth in 2019-20, while net overseas exports contributed 0.6 percentage point to GSP growth, with 
imports declining more than exports in the year.  
Real Economic Growth – Queensland and Australia 
(original, CVM(a)) 
Queensland GSP 
Australia GDP 
A$ billion (a) 
% change 
A$ billion (a) 
% change 
2014-15 
333.7 
0.9 
1,765.9 
2.2 
2015-16 
341.8 
2.4 
1,814.9 
2.8 
2016-17 
350.4 
2.5 
1,856.6 
2.3 
2017-18 
364.2 
3.9 
 
1,911.4 
2.9 
2018-19 
367.5 
0.9 
 
1,952.7 
2.2 
2019-20 
363.5 
-1.1 
 
1,947.1 
-0.3 
(a) Chain volume measures; reference year 2018-19. 
Source: ABS Annual State Accounts. 
Major Economic Indicators 
The following table lists selected major economic indicators for Queensland: 
Queensland Major Economic Indicators 
2015-16 
2016-17 
2017-18 
2018-19 
2019-20 
 
 
Overseas merchandise exports (A$ billion) 
47.9 
66.5 
74.3 
87.2 
76.2 
Retail turnover (A$ billion) 
60.2 
61.9 
62.5 
64.8 
68.7 
Private gross fixed capital formation (A$ 
billion) 
63.0 
64.9 
69.6 
66.4 
63.3 
Resources exports (A$ billion) 
35.3 
53.4 
61.1 
73.3 
62.2 
Agricultural production (A$ billion) 
13.3 
14.6 
15.1 
14.8 
14.0 
Employment ('000 persons)(a) 
2,363 
2,367 
2,464 
2,501 
2,514 
Unemployment rate (%)(a) 
6.2 
6.2 
6.0 
6.1 
6.4 
Increase in consumer prices (%)(a) 
1.6 
1.7 
1.7 
1.6 
1.2 
Average weekly total earnings (A$)(a) 
1,118 
1,123 
1,150 
1,197 
1,249 
 
(a) Year-average. 
 
Note: All monetary values are in current 
prices. 
 
 
 
 
 
Sources: ABS Annual State Accounts; International Trade in Goods and Service Australia; Labour Force; 
Average Weekly Earnings; Consumer Price Index; Retail Trade; Queensland Department of Agriculture and 
Fisheries; Queensland Department of Natural Resources, Mines and Energy.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
Structure of the Queensland Economy 
The following table shows the annual percentage changes and contributions to growth in GSP/GDP in 
Queensland and Australia for 2018-19 and 2019-20.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
Components of Economic Growth 
(original, CVM(a)) 
Queensland 
Australia 
Annual 
growth 
Contribution to 
GSP growth  
(% points) 
Annual growth 
Contribution to 
GDP growth  
(% points) 
% 
% 
2018
-19 
2019
-20 
2018
-19 
2019-
20 
2018-
19 
2019-
20 
2018-
19 
2019-
20 
Household 
consumption 
1.8 
-1.5 
1.0 
-0.8 
1.8 
-3.0 
1.0 
-1.6 
Private 
investment 
-6.7 
-5.8 
-1.3 
-1.1 
-3.0 
-4.3 
-0.6 
-0.8 
-Dwellings 
-1.7 
-7.8 
-0.1 
-0.4 
-0.8 
-8.8 
0.0 
-0.5 
-Business 
investment 
-9.1 
-6.9 
-1.0 
-0.7 
-3.2 
-3.6 
-0.3 
-0.3 
Non-dwelling 
construction 
-17.1 
-8.9 
-1.1 
-0.5 
-7.9 
-2.2 
-0.5 
-0.1 
Machinery and 
equipment 
4.0 
-4.2 
0.2 
-0.2 
4.1 
-5.4 
0.2 
-0.2 
-Other private 
investment 
-7.1 
1.5 
-0.2 
0.0 
-6.1 
1.5 
-0.2 
0.1 
Private final 
demand (b) 
-0.4 
-2.6 
-0.3 
-1.9 
0.5 
-3.3 
0.4 
-2.4 
Public final 
demand (b) 
4.9 
6.6 
1.2 
1.7 
4.9 
5.7 
1.1 
1.4 
Overseas 
exports 
4.3 
-5.4 
1.2 
-1.5 
3.9 
-1.9 
0.9 
-0.4 
Overseas 
imports 
-0.3 
-11.3 
0.1 
2.1 
0.2 
-7.3 
0.0 
1.6 
Balancing item 
n.a. 
n.a. 
-1.3 
-1.6 
n.a. 
n.a. 
-0.3 
-0.3 
Statistical 
discrepancy 
n.a. 
n.a. 
0.1 
0.2 
n.a. 
n.a. 
0.0 
0.0 
GSP/GDP 
0.9 
-1.1 
0.9 
-1.1 
2.2 
-0.3 
2.2 
-0.3 
(a) Chain volume measure; reference year 2018-19. 
(b) Final demand constitutes final consumption expenditure plus gross fixed 
capital formation. 
Source: ABS Annual State Accounts. 
Based on the Australian Bureau of Statistics ("ABS") Annual State Accounts data (see table above), 
key features are: 
• 
Household consumption in Queensland fell by 1.5% in 2019-20, following a growth of 1.8% 
in the previous year. Household consumption was lower primarily due to a 9.9% (seasonally 
adjusted) decline in the quarter ending 30 June 2020, following the implementation of social 
distancing measures designed to stop the spread of COVID-19. Household consumption 
subsequently rebounded by 11.6% in the September quarter, following the easing of 
restrictions. 
• 
Dwelling investment fell by 7.8% in 2019-20, following a fall of 1.7% in the previous year. 
The Queensland housing sector is still adjusting following the apartment construction boom 
in inner Brisbane from 2013-2016. While activity has declined in recent years, there was still

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
A$5.9 billion of residential construction work in the pipeline in the quarter ending 30 June 
2020 (A$4.9 billion of work yet to be done and A$1.0 billion of work approved but not yet 
commenced), significantly above the amount of work in the pipeline prior to the boom (A$3.6 
billion in quarter ending 31 December 2012). Forward looking indicators such as building 
approvals and lending finance commitments have significantly increased in recent months. 
• 
Business investment in Queensland fell by 6.9% in 2019-20, with the onset of the COVID-19 
pandemic in the first half of 2020 causing a marked deterioration in business confidence and 
conditions. The fall over the year was driven by engineering construction (down 12.8%), 
while machinery and equipment investment (down 4.2%) and non-dwelling construction 
(down 0.9%) fell more modestly. Success in controlling the virus in Queensland, and the 
resulting easing of many social distancing restrictions, has led to an improvement in business 
confidence and overall economic activity. Business investment in Queensland is expected to 
pick-up from 2021-22, with a recovery in domestic and global economic activity, combined 
with an expected reopening of international borders in late 2021 and ongoing low interest 
rates, boosting business confidence to invest. 
• 
Overseas exports fell by 5.4% in 2019-20, with goods exports falling 3.5% and services 
exports falling 17.1%. International border closures severely restricted services exports in the 
quarter ending 30 June 2020, causing international visitor arrivals to fall to nearly zero. 
Demand for Queensland’s resources exports was also impacted by the decline in global 
economic activity, resulting in a decline in goods exports. Overseas imports fell 11.3% in 
2019-20, with goods imports falling by 7.7% and services imports falling by 24.2%, driven by 
border closures and domestic social distancing measures restricting economic activity. 
Overseas Merchandise Exports 
Queensland is Australia's second largest exporting state, accounting for 20% of Australia's total 
merchandise exports in 2019-20. 
The nominal value of Queensland's overseas merchandise exports fell 12.6% in 2019-20, driven by 
lower export prices for coal.  
The value of Queensland’s coal exports fell by A$10.1 billion, to A$36.2 billion in 2019-20, 
reflecting a decline in the value of all three types of coal, particularly hard-coking coal. This was 
driven primarily by a fall in export prices due to a fall in global demand caused by the COVID-19 
pandemic. Queensland’s coal exports (particularly hard coking coal) have benefited from elevated 
prices since late-2016, although spot prices have declined more recently. 
The value of LNG exports fell by A$173 million to A$15.6 billion in 2019-20. The decline was driven 
by a 3.6% fall in export prices (which are linked to the price of oil) which more than offset a 2.5% 
increase in export volumes. LNG exports volumes are forecast to decline in 2020-21, with all three 
LNG plants undertaking maintenance in the quarter ending 30 September 2020. LNG export volumes 
are expected to rebound in 2021-22, with further growth in volumes dependent on new gas 
developments.   
The value of minerals exports fell by A$723 million to A$9.7 billion in 2019-20, driven by a A$857 
million decline in the estimated value of alumina exports as a result of lower prices. Queensland’s 
metals exports have not been materially impacted by COVID-19. New or expanded production 
capacity was largely complete by late 2019 and the modest expansion in coming years should be 
largely offset by continued ore grade decline at several large operations. As a result, exports are 
forecast to remain around their current level over the forecast period.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
The value of meat exports rose by 15.3%, to A$6.9 billion in 2019-20, driven by an increase in both 
export volumes and prices. Dry weather conditions encouraged graziers to unload cattle stock, driving 
increased beef and live cattle exports in recent years. Slaughter rates in Queensland have declined so 
far in 2020-21, with above average winter and spring rainfall seeing farmers starting to rebuild their 
depleted herds. An improved rainfall outlook will see herd rebuilding further intensify, constraining 
beef production and exports until 2021-22, before a return to normal seasonal conditions is expected 
to see beef exports gradually return to growth. 
Ongoing drought conditions in Queensland resulted in the value of Queensland’s crop exports falling 
by 2.4% in 2019-20, to A$842 million, while the value of Queensland’s cotton exports fell 61.1% to 
A$422 million. The Australian Bureau of Agricultural and Resource Economics and Sciences is 
expecting Queensland’s summer and winter crop to rebound in 2020-21, with above average summer 
rainfall expected in Queensland. 
 
Overseas Merchandise Exports, Queensland 
(A$ million, current prices) 
Export Categories(a) 
2017-18 
2018-19 
2019-20(p) 
 
  
 
 
Rural(b) 
  
 
 
Meat   
5,062 
5,973 
6,884 
Textile fibres   
1,027 
1,107 
448 
Cereals and cereal preparations  
272 
184 
129 
Vegetables and fruit  
 
1,192 
677 
712 
Feeding stuff for animals  
 
135 
134 
117 
Other rural  
 
1,761 
1,683 
1,671 
Total 
9,449 
9,758 
9,961 
 
  
  
  
Crude minerals 
  
  
  
Coal, coke and briquettes(c) 
 
40,668 
46,311 
36,208 
Metalliferous ores(d) 
 
5,566 
6,654 
6,171 
Petroleum and related products/materials  
 
104 
186 
95 
Gas, natural and manufactured(e) 
10,738 
15,728 
15,555 
Other crude minerals  
 
22 
18 
16 
Total  
57,098 
68,897 
58,046 
 
  
  
  
Processed minerals and metals(b) 
  
  
  
Non-ferrous metals(b) 
 
3,744 
4,047 
3,808 
Other processed minerals and metals  
 
287 
314 
324 
Total 
4,031 
4,360 
4,132 
 
  
  
  
Other manufactures 
  
  
  
Machinery and non-transport equipment  
 
1,390 
1,491 
1,459 
Chemicals, fertilisers (excl. crude), plastics, etc.   
873 
1,082 
922 
Transport equipment  
 
516 
619 
711 
Leather, rubber, other materials, furniture, 
clothing, etc. 
253 
290 
271 
Miscellaneous manufactures and beverages  
 
552 
622 
622 
Total 
3,583 
4,106 
3,984

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
Export Categories(a) 
2017-18 
2018-19 
2019-20(p) 
Manufactures (sum of processed minerals and 
metals and other) 
7,614 
8,466 
8,116 
Confidential  
100 
125 
108 
 
  
  
  
Total overseas exports of merchandise goods(b) 
74,262 
87,247 
76,231 
(p)   Preliminary. 
(a)   Based on the Standard International Trade Classification (the "SITC"), Revision 4. 
(b)   Sugar and some processed metal exports are not available at the state level and therefore the State total 
understates the actual amount of exports.  
(c) Includes Queensland Treasury's estimate of cotton lint exports which have been confidentialised by the ABS.   
(d) Includes Queensland Treasury's estimate of alumina exports which have been confidentialised by the ABS. 
(e) Copper ores and concentrates were confidentialised by the ABS in June 2020. As a result, the 2019-20 figure 
slightly underestimates Queensland’s total metalliferous ores exports. 
Note:  Values have been rounded to the nearest A$ million. 
Source: ABS unpublished foreign trade data and Queensland Treasury. 
Queensland produces a wide variety of mineral and agricultural commodities for export. The 
development of large capacity rail and port facilities has increased Queensland's competitiveness in 
world markets and has improved access to significant Asian and European markets.   
In the 2019-20 financial year, the A$ exchange rate averaged U.S.$0.67, a 6.1% depreciation on the 
previous year, partially due to a sharp decline in the exchange rate following the onset of the COVID-
19 pandemic. So far in 2020-21, the A$ has appreciated against the U.S.$, averaging U.S.$0.72 in the 
first five months, 4.8% higher than the first five months of 2019-20. The A$ is expected to remain 
around U.S.$0.72 over the coming years. 
Although Queensland exports to a wide range of overseas markets, the major destinations for 
Queensland merchandise are countries in Asia, which account for around 85% of all exports (see table 
below). China remained Queensland's largest export market in 2019-20, accounting for 36.1% of the 
State's overseas merchandise exports, increasing its share by 3.2 percentage points from 2018-19. 
Japan had been Queensland's largest export market for several decades prior to 2012-13, but its share 
of total exports has been trending downwards in part due to growth in exports to China. Other major 
export markets in 2019-20 included South Korea, India and the European Union. 
The major destinations for Queensland's exports in recent years are outlined in the following table: 
Queensland's Major Overseas Markets for Exports of Goods 
(% of total, current prices) 
2017-18 
2018-19 
2019-20(p) 
North Asia Total 
61.4 
62.0 
64.4 
China 
30.4 
32.9 
36.1 
Japan 
15.8 
14.0 
13.1 
South Korea 
10.6 
10.9 
11.2 
Taiwan 
4.0 
3.8 
3.5 
Hong Kong 
0.5 
0.4 
0.4 
South Asia Total 
20.6 
21.6 
20.3 
India 
13.2 
12.4 
9.7 
Indonesia 
1.6 
1.8 
1.6 
Malaysia 
1.4 
2.4 
3.0 
Thailand 
0.6 
0.8 
0.6 
Singapore 
0.8 
0.9 
1.2

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
2017-18 
2018-19 
2019-20(p) 
North America 
2.9 
3.0 
3.4 
US 
2.1 
2.1 
2.7 
Canada 
0.8 
0.8 
0.7 
European Union (a) 
7.3 
6.3 
5.4 
New Zealand 
1.4 
1.3 
1.3 
Brazil 
1.7 
1.2 
0.8 
Other 
4.8 
4.8 
4.3 
(a) Includes UK, which left the European 
Union on 1 February 2020. 
(p) Preliminary. 
Source: ABS unpublished foreign trade data. 
Tourism Exports 
Due to COVID-19-induced travel restrictions, the number of overseas tourist nights (“tourists” are 
defined as people visiting family/relatives or holidaying) spent in Queensland fell sharply by 26.9% in 
2019-20, to 26.3 million nights. Overall, China was the largest individual source of international 
tourist nights to Queensland in 2019-20, at 3.36 million nights, ahead of New Zealand (3.11 million) 
and the United Kingdom (2.59 million). International tourist nights from Asia had grown strongly 
over the five years ending 2018-19 (up 36.3% to 15.36 million nights), with China (up 61.7% to 3.78 
million), India (up 99.2% to 1.55 million) and Taiwan (up 29.2% to 2.46 million) the largest 
contributors to growth over this period. However, 2019-20 saw a significant reduction in tourist nights 
due to international travel restrictions, with decreases in Taiwan (down 54.1% to 1.13 million), New 
Zealand (down 23.3% to 3.11 million), India (down 36.7% to 982, 733), Japan (down 22.5% to 1.65 
million) and China (down 11.0% to 3.36 million) being the largest contributors to the decrease. 
 
Overseas tourist(a) nights by source, Queensland 
(thousand nights) 
2017-18 
2018-19 
2019-20 
China 
4,461 
3,776 
3,361 
New Zealand 
4,108 
4,050 
3,106 
Japan 
2,362 
2,124 
1,646 
Korea 
1,963 
1,933 
1,594 
Taiwan 
2,273 
2,464 
1,131 
Other Asia 
4,913 
5,059 
3,653 
United Kingdom 
4,200 
4,329 
2,592 
Germany 
1,942 
1,641 
1,251 
Other Europe 
4,820 
4,784 
3,833 
United States 
1,835 
1,885 
1,306 
Other Countries 
3,375 
3,988 
2,873 
  
  
  
Total 
36,250 
36,035 
26,345 
(a) Tourists are defined as people visiting friends/relatives or holidaying. 
Source: Tourism Research Australia 
Interstate tourists are also an important tourism market for Queensland and have traditionally 
contributed more to Queensland economic activity than international tourism. In 2018-19 (latest data 
available), Queensland's interstate tourism gross value added ("GVA") was the second highest of all 
states, at A$3.41 billion, slightly behind New South Wales (A$3.44 billion).

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
Interstate tourist nights to Queensland fell by 19.4% in 2019-20, largely due to bushfires and COVID-
19 travel restrictions. 
Overseas Merchandise Imports 
The nominal value of Queensland’s overseas merchandise imports fell by 7.1% to A$45.5 billion in 
2019-20. The fall in the value of imports was the result of declines in the values of other machinery 
and transport equipment imports (down A$1.9 billion), imports of mineral fuels, petroleum and 
lubricants (down by A$1.9 billion), and imports of road motor vehicles (down by A$1.5 billion). 
The value of Queensland's imports in recent years is outlined in detail in the following table:  
Overseas merchandise imports, Queensland 
(A$ million, current prices) 
Import Categories (a) 
2017-18 
2018-19 
2019-20(p) 
Annual change,  
2019-20, % 
Live animals, food, beverages & 
tobacco 
2,058 
2,226 
2,448 
10.0 
Mineral fuels, petroleum and 
lubricants 
8,958 
10,127 
8,260 
-18.4 
Chemicals 
2,312 
2,433 
2,650 
8.9 
Road motor vehicles 
8,698 
8,609 
7,128 
-17.2 
Other machinery and transport 
equipment 
10,665 
11,024 
9,085 
-17.6 
Other manufactured goods 
9,997 
10,840 
9,857 
-9.1 
Other 
2,998 
3,752 
6,093 
62.4 
  
  
  
  
Total overseas imports of goods 
45,688 
49,012 
45,521 
-7.1 
(a) Based on the SITC. 
(p) Preliminary. 
Note: Values have been rounded to the nearest A$ million. 
Source: ABS unpublished foreign trade data. 
Population and Employment  
As at 31 March 2020 (latest data available), Queensland's estimated resident population was 5.16 
million, accounting for 20.1% of Australia's population. Over the year to March 2020, Queensland's 
population grew by 1.7%, stronger than national population growth of 1.4% over the same period.  
Net interstate migration remained strong in the year to March 2020, at 24,021 persons Net overseas 
migration also remained strong at 32,105 persons in the year to March 2020. Natural increase (births 
minus deaths) contributed to 28,869 persons over the year to March 2020. 
Looking forward, Queensland’s population growth is expected to be impacted by lower net overseas 
migration due to COVID-19 border closures. 
In year average terms, Queensland’s employment rose by only 0.5% in 2019-20, following a 
seasonally-adjusted decline of 205,400 persons (or 8.0%) between March and May 2020, due to the 
implementation of social distancing measures introduced to stop the spread of COVID-19. Since May, 
there has been a rapid and strong recovery in the Queensland labour market. Employment increased 
by 205,900 persons between May and October 2020, to be 500 persons above the pre-COVID-19 
level in March.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
Similarly, Queensland’s labour force participation rate fell by 0.6 percentage point in 2019-20, with 
the seasonally adjusted participation rate falling from 65.5% in March 2020 to 61.6% in May 2020. 
The sharp decline in the participation rate between March and May limited the increase in the 
unemployment rate, which rose from 6.1% in 2018-19 to 6.4% in 2019-20. 
In 2019-20, Health Care & Social Assistance remained Queensland’s largest employing industry, 
employing 354,700 persons (or 14.1% of total employment in the State), followed by Construction 
(9.8%), Retail Trade (9.2%) and Education & Training (8.7%). The private sector accounted for 
85.0% of employment in Queensland in 2019-20. 
The following tables show employment by industry for Queensland and the rest of Australia and 
average annual growth over the six years up to 2019-20.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
Employed Persons by Industry, Queensland(a) 
  
2014-
15 
2015-
16 
2016-
17 
2017-
18 
2018-
19 
2019-
20 
2014-15 
to 2019-
20 
  
('000) 
('000) 
('000) 
('000) 
('000) 
('000) 
Average 
annual % 
change 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Agriculture, Forestry & Fishing 
54.8 
58.7 
52.4 
63.0 
69.5 
79.6 
7.7 
Mining 
64.8 
57.8 
57.5 
61.0 
68.3 
64.8 
0.0 
Manufacturing 
167.0 
168.9 
164.5 
170.4 
171.2 
164.3 
-0.3 
Electricity, Gas, Water & Waste 
Services 
32.1 
31.0 
24.6 
33.0 
30.0 
31.4 
-0.4 
Construction 
216.5 
208.3 
229.3 
238.8 
235.8 
245.1 
2.5 
Wholesale Trade 
69.7 
68.5 
64.4 
64.4 
73.3 
71.7 
0.6 
Retail Trade 
251.6 
254.9 
253.6 
262.0 
252.9 
231.7 
-1.6 
Accommodation & Food Services 
177.0 
166.5 
180.8 
181.9 
192.6 
191.8 
1.6 
Transport, Postal & Warehousing 
122.6 
132.8 
132.4 
140.5 
136.3 
128.4 
0.9 
Information Media & 
Telecommunications 
31.5 
32.9 
35.7 
28.4 
33.3 
28.5 
-1.9 
Financial & Insurance Services 
59.1 
66.9 
63.3 
62.1 
65.9 
59.8 
0.3 
Rental, Hiring & Real Estate Services 
48.0 
48.8 
50.0 
47.9 
42.5 
52.2 
1.7 
Professional, Scientific & Technical 
Services 
182.1 
177.1 
171.9 
169.3 
169.2 
192.4 
1.1 
Administrative & Support Services 
82.0 
85.3 
80.1 
90.6 
85.4 
87.3 
1.3 
Public Administration & Safety 
152.0 
149.9 
162.7 
149.7 
168.3 
157.0 
0.7 
Education & Training 
181.3 
197.3 
189.0 
203.1 
217.8 
217.2 
3.7 
Health Care & Social Assistance 
292.1 
314.0 
312.5 
351.3 
350.6 
354.7 
4.0 
Arts & Recreation Services 
42.2 
41.6 
43.2 
45.2 
43.6 
45.5 
1.5 
Other Services 
105.4 
104.3 
102.3 
106.3 
101.8 
104.5 
-0.2 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Total (b) 
2,331.7 2,365.6 2,370.3 2,468.9 2,508.3 2,508.1 
1.5 
(a) Yearly average. 
(b) Industry estimates of employment are compiled on the mid-month of each quarter. Therefore, the total of 
industry employment does not match the aggregate monthly estimates of employed persons. 
Note: Due to rounding, amounts may not add to totals. 
Source: ABS Labour Force, Australia, Detailed. 
Employed Persons by Industry, Rest of Australia(a) 
  
2014-15 
2015-
16 
2016-
17 
2017-
18 
2018-
19 
2019-
20 
2014-15 
to 2019-
20 
  
('000) 
('000) 
('000) 
('000) 
('000) 
('000) 
Average 
annual % 
change 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Agriculture, Forestry & Fishing 
262.4 
262.0 
251.9 
266.3 
264.1 
254.1 
-0.6 
Mining 
156.4 
162.9 
161.4 
161.9 
178.8 
173.6 
2.1 
Manufacturing 
747.7 
710.5 
744.0 
736.0 
734.7 
721.8 
-0.7 
Electricity, Gas, Water & Waste 
Services 
110.0 
112.5 
112.8 
115.8 
124.0 
124.4 
2.5 
Construction 
813.7 
841.2 
856.5 
932.2 
929.7 
933.5 
2.8

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
  
2014-15 
2015-
16 
2016-
17 
2017-
18 
2018-
19 
2019-
20 
2014-15 
to 2019-
20 
  
('000) 
('000) 
('000) 
('000) 
('000) 
('000) 
Average 
annual % 
change 
  
Wholesale Trade 
319.6 
304.0 
298.9 
301.1 
316.6 
319.9 
0.0 
Retail Trade 
984.5 1,014.2 
985.7 1,024.7 1,024.6 1,004.0 
0.4 
Accommodation & Food Services 
641.6 
661.5 
682.4 
708.5 
708.4 
660.0 
0.6 
Transport, Postal & Warehousing 
480.8 
490.9 
486.5 
499.8 
521.4 
512.2 
1.3 
Information 
Media 
& 
Telecommunications 
181.1 
177.8 
180.5 
192.7 
181.4 
176.4 
-0.5 
Financial & Insurance Services 
351.4 
366.8 
373.8 
368.7 
379.2 
406.8 
3.0 
Rental, 
Hiring 
& 
Real 
Estate 
Services 
163.6 
163.4 
159.1 
164.2 
169.8 
162.0 
-0.2 
Professional, Scientific & Technical 
Services 
789.5 
819.2 
846.6 
858.6 
934.2 
955.0 
3.9 
Administrative & Support Services 
309.6 
337.9 
350.4 
325.0 
343.6 
350.6 
2.5 
Public Administration & Safety 
577.1 
591.0 
614.2 
588.2 
667.7 
670.2 
3.0 
Education & Training 
742.9 
743.1 
792.9 
822.1 
824.1 
867.0 
3.1 
Health Care & Social Assistance 
1,142.3 1,223.7 1,251.1 1,321.4 1,334.3 1,406.8 
4.3 
Arts & Recreation Services 
185.3 
186.8 
176.6 
201.6 
205.5 
180.4 
-0.5 
Other Services 
373.8 
368.5 
384.0 
392.3 
402.8 
380.3 
0.3 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Total (b) 
9,333.3 9,537.8 9,709.4 9,981.0 10,244.
8 
10,259.
1 
1.9 
(a) Yearly average. 
(b) Industry estimates of employment are compiled on the mid-month of each quarter. Therefore, the total of 
industry employment does not match the aggregate monthly estimates of employed persons. 
Note: Due to rounding, amounts may not add to totals. 
Source: ABS Labour Force, Australia, Detailed. 
Prices 
The Brisbane consumer price index ("CPI") rose by 1.2% in 2019-20, the slowest annual growth since 
1998-99. This was primarily driven by lower fuel prices and government-provided free child care and 
utility rebates in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. This compares to an average annual growth in 
Brisbane's consumer prices of 2.6% since the Reserve Bank of Australia's adoption of inflation 
targeting in 1993-94. The national CPI rose by 1.3% in 2019-20.  
Income 
Queensland recorded growth in average weekly earnings of 4.3% in 2019-20, compared with 4.0% 
growth nationally. The most recent figures available for average weekly earnings and household 
income per capita are listed below: 
Measures of Income 
State 
Household income per capita 
Average weekly earnings 
2019-20 
2019-20 
A$ 
A$ 
Queensland 
61,809 
1,249 
New South Wales 
69,395 
1,310 
Victoria 
62,626 
1,262

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
State 
Household income per capita 
Average weekly earnings 
2019-20 
2019-20 
A$ 
A$ 
South Australia 
59,291 
1,129 
Western Australia 
71,520 
1,372 
Tasmania 
60,231 
1,071 
Australia 
66,254 
1,281 
Sources: ABS Annual State Accounts; Average Weekly Earnings. 
Wages Policy 
Wage bargaining at the enterprise level has become widely accepted in Australia since its introduction 
in October 1991 and has gradually replaced the 'Award' system of centralised wage-fixing as the 
dominant method of structured wages negotiation in Australia.   
As of May 2018 (latest data available), 65.2% of Queensland workers were covered by collective 
agreements or awards. In comparison, 31.6% of workers were covered by individual agreements (the 
remainder were owner/manager of incorporated enterprises). 
On 31 December 2009, Queensland legislation referred state industrial relations powers for the private 
sector to the Commonwealth. This referral complemented the Commonwealth legislation for a 
national industrial relations system, which commenced on 1 January 2010. The national industrial 
relations system applies to all Queensland private sector employees. Public sector and local 
government workers in Queensland generally remain under the state industrial relations system. As of 
June 2020, State and local public sector employees in Queensland totalled 384,100 persons, 
accounting for 15.9% of all employed persons in the State. 
The Coalition (led by the Liberal Party of Australia) formed a federal government on 7 September 
2013, and were re-elected in July 2016 and May 2019. The current Federal Government's policies 
promote enterprise bargaining, continuing a transition to a more decentralised system. 
Queensland’s industrial relations system is underpinned by Awards and Agreements. 
Prior to the emergence of COVID-19, the Queensland Public Sector Wages Policy was for annual 
growth of 2.5% on Agreement pay rates. For the most recent round of negotiations, a one-off payment 
of A$1,250 was also including on reaching a new agreement. 
On 2 April 2020, the Premier announced that Queensland public sector wage increases and bargaining 
for industrial agreements would be put on hold in response to the economic impacts of the COVID-19 
health pandemic. Temporary amendments to the Industrial Relations Act 2016 (Qld) to implement 
this policy were passed on 17 June 2020. 
The wage deferral postpones the wage increase that would have occurred in 2020-21 by 12 months. 
This results in an actual, realised saving, as the pay received by the employee is lower than it 
otherwise would be for those twelve months. 
The pay rise that would have otherwise occurred in 2021-22 is also postponed by six months. This 
likewise results in a saving for these six months, with wages paid lower than they otherwise would 
have been. Once this aforementioned increase occurs, pay rates will return to what they would have 
otherwise been without the deferrals. 
Meanwhile, public service positions will be maintained within approved FTE caps. The Government 
will reduce employee expenses through a careful assessment of staffing levels, including whether

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
roles need to be filled when they become vacant. Recruitment will only be approved where the 
vacancy is necessary to fill, and will require high level approval within Government. 
The Government remains committed to employment security and critical frontline services.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
PRINCIPAL SECTORS OF THE QUEENSLAND ECONOMY  
The following table shows the main components of Queensland and Australia's industry gross value 
added. 
Queensland/Australian Gross Product-Major Industry Sectors, 2019-20(a) 
(nominal) 
Queensland 
Australia 
Queensland as a 
share of Australia 
(%) 
Sector 
(A$ millions) 
(A$ millions) 
Agriculture, forestry and fishing 
7,807 
37,683 
20.7 
Mining 
39,574 
206,796 
19.1 
Manufacturing 
22,353 
113,561 
19.7 
Construction 
27,281 
142,331 
19.2 
Services (b) 
241,749 
1,358,521 
17.8 
  
  
  
TOTAL 
338,764 
1,858,892 
18.2 
(a) Based on industry gross value added. Gross value added refers to the value of output at basic prices minus 
the value of intermediate consumption at purchasers' prices. Basic prices valuation of output removes the 
distortion caused by variations in the incidence of commodity taxes and subsidies across the output of individual 
industries. 
(b) Includes electricity, gas, water & waste services, wholesale trade, retail trade, accommodation & food 
services, transport, postal & warehousing, information, media & telecommunications, finance & insurance 
services, rental, hiring & real estate services, professional, scientific & technical services, administrative & 
support services, public administration & safety, education & training, health care & social assistance, arts & 
recreation services, other services and ownership of dwellings. 
Source: ABS Annual State Accounts. 
Mining 
Over the past decade, the mining sector has been a significant contributor to Queensland's economy. 
Queensland has large reserves of coal, bauxite, gold, copper, silver, lead and zinc, as well as large 
'unconventional' resources of coal seam natural gas. 
Three major Coal Seam Gas to Liquefied Natural Gas (CSG-to-LNG) projects commenced production 
in Queensland in 2015, with a total capital expenditure in excess of A$60 billion.  
The first gas was exported from the Queensland Curtis LNG project in January 2015, and 2015-16 
saw the first year of substantial LNG exports, with all LNG "trains" becoming operational by October 
2016. LNG has become Queensland's second most valuable goods export after coal, with a nominal 
value of around A$15.6 billion in 2019-20.  
In 2019-20, Queensland accounted for 19.1% of the nation's total mining output. Industry output has 
grown at an average annual rate of 6.2% in the five years to 2019-20.  
In 2019-20, Queensland's mining industry accounted for 11.7% of the State's total industry gross 
value added, while 64,800 people were directly employed in the mining industry (2.6% of 
Queensland’s total employment).

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
The Queensland mining industry is a major source of export earnings and makes a substantial 
contribution to capital investment and regional development. Mining also provides a base for a 
number of the State's leading value-added industries.  
Coal 
Coal is Queensland’s most valuable export commodity. In 2019-20, the value of coal exports 
accounted for 47.5% of Queensland’s total merchandise exports. Lower coal prices (down by 19.0%) 
and lower export tonnages (down by 3.5% contributed to the value of coal exports falling by 21.8%, 
to A$36.2 billion in 2019-20. 
The value and quantity of selected minerals produced in Queensland from 2014-15 to 2019-20 are 
shown in the following tables. 
Queensland Key Resources Production – Estimated Value(a) 
(A$ millions) 
Mineral 
2014-15 
2015-16 
2016-17 
2017-18 
2018-19 
2019-20 
Black coal(b) 
25,507 
23,024 
41,083 
45,923 
52,792 
40,735 
Copper  
2,186  
1,824  
1,765  
1,996  
2,082  
1,774  
Gold  
778  
974  
1,055  
1,027  
925  
1,058  
Bauxite(b) 
1,267  
1,332  
1,260  
1,275  
1,494  
1,658  
Lead  
1,094  
871  
755  
715  
839  
818  
Zinc  
2,768  
1,556  
1,204  
1,670  
2,614  
2,592  
(a) Value of production does not include transport or handling costs or other by-products such as coke or 
briquettes in the case of coal. Value of production is calculated by using Queensland’s production volumes and 
the Australian price for each commodity.  
(b) Estimated based on Queensland’s unit export price.  
Source: Office of the Chief Economist, ABS and Queensland Treasury. 
Queensland Resources Production – Volume 
Mineral 
2014-15 
2015-16 
2016-17 
2017-18 
2018-19 
2019-20 
Black coal ('000t) 
239,592 
237,625 
237,675 
248,622 
257,209 
245,246 
Copper ('000t) 
287 
272 
247 
227 
242 
210 
Gold (kg) 
16,489 
18,955 
19,695 
19,084 
16,286 
14,047 
Bauxite ('000t) 
27,434 
28,102 
30,041 
32,030 
35,829 
41,087 
Lead ('000t) 
461 
370 
270 
228 
301 
290 
Zinc  ('000t) 
1,045 
644 
359 
405 
702 
790 
Crude oil (megalitres)(a) 
522 
445 
384 
413 
604 
191 
Natural gas (million cubic 
metres)(a)(b) 
13,273 
26,764 
35,498 
40,441 
39,739 
20,953 
(a) First 6 months only for 2019-20.  
(b) Conventional and unconventional. 
Sources: Office of the Chief Economist and Department of Resources. 
Agriculture 
The agriculture, forestry and fishing industry in Queensland accounted for 2.3% of Queensland's 
industry gross value added and 20.7% of Australia's total agricultural output in 2019-20. The bulk of 
Queensland's agricultural production has traditionally been exported, providing a significant 
contribution to Queensland's foreign earnings.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
In 2019-20, more than half of the nominal gross value of Queensland's agricultural production was 
derived from four products – beef, sugar cane, cereals and cotton, each of which is produced primarily 
for export.  
Queensland also produces tropical and citrus fruits, rice, cotton, vegetables, timber, peanuts, oilseeds, 
eggs and dairy products, principally for domestic markets.  
According to the Queensland Department of Agriculture and Fisheries, the nominal value of 
Queensland's agricultural production fell by 10.6% in 2019-20. This was driven by falls in the gross 
value of cotton (down by 81.9% to A$0.1 billion), fruit, vegetables and nuts (down by 9.5% to A$2.9 
billion), cereals (down by 28.1% to A$0.6 billion) and cattle and calves (down by 2.4% to A$5.3 
billion).  
The following table presents figures on the nominal gross value and volume of agricultural 
commodities produced in Queensland over the five years to 2019-20. 
Queensland's Major Agricultural Commodities – nominal value and volume of production 
Gross Value (A$m) 
2015-16 
2016-17 
2017-18 
2018-19 
2019-20(a) 
 
Cattle and calves 
       5,660  
       5,483  
       5,248         5,447  
   
5,137  
Poultry 
          590  
          650  
          561            570  
   
573  
Pigs 
          320  
          293  
          248            289  
   
282  
Sheep and lambs 
            58  
            10  
            12              23               27  
Sugar cane 
       1,209  
       1,527  
       1,234         1,087  
   
1,060  
Wool 
            62  
            76  
            98              85               73  
Cereals 
       1,343  
       1,638  
       1,203            898  
   
646  
Fruit, vegetables and nuts 
       2,893  
       2,921  
       3,301         3,180  
   
2,879  
Dairying (total whole milk 
production) 
          237  
          251  
          230            201  
   
170  
Cotton 
          466  
          622  
          882            564  
   
102  
Other 
       1,716  
       1,604  
       1,795         1,730  
   
1,628  
Total agriculture 
14,555  
15,075  
14,812  
   
14,074  
   
12,577  
 
 
 
 
 
Volume of Production 
 
 
 
 
 
Beef and veal ('000 tonnes) 
       1,107  
       1,025  
       1,077         1,111  
   
1,112  
Sugar cane ('000 tonnes)(b) 
      32,655        34,410        31,472  
   
30,489  
   
28,443  
Wool (tonnes) (c) 
       3,971  
       4,763  
       5,042         3,953  
   
4,102  
Wheat ('000 tonnes) 
       1,316  
       1,502  
          765            420  
   
420  
Cotton lint ('000 tonnes) 
          234  
          316  
          320            164               39

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
(a) Gross value figures are forecasts provided by the Queensland Department of Agriculture and Fisheries, with 
the exception of the nurseries component of 'Other'. This is a Queensland Treasury estimate which is consistent 
with ABS historical data. 
(b)  Calendar year data. 
(c)  Taxable wool received by brokers and purchased by dealers from wool producers. 
Sources: ABS Livestock Product, Australia, ABS Livestock and Meat, Australia; Queensland Department of 
Agriculture and Fisheries Queensland AgTrends 2020-21; Australian Sugar Milling Council; Australian 
Government Department of Agriculture and Water Resources; Australian Crop Report December 2020. 
Other Primary Industries 
Forestry and logging 
The value of Queensland's forestry and logging production is estimated to have fallen by 8.6% to 
A$255 million in 2019-20. Demand for wood is largely determined by demand for the construction of 
new dwellings and alterations and additions to existing dwellings. 
Fisheries 
The value of Queensland's fisheries production is estimated to have fallen by 0.5% to A$393 million 
in 2019-20. Commercial fishing operations constituted 43% of the fisheries output (in value terms), 
with the remaining portion sourced from aquaculture and recreational fishing. 
Manufacturing 
In 2019-20, the manufacturing industry accounted for 6.6% of Queensland's industry gross value 
added. Queensland's share of Australia's total manufacturing output was 19.7% in 2019-20.  
Historically, manufacturing in Queensland was developed to service and process the State's 
agricultural and mineral resources. In common with most industrialised nations, the relative 
importance of manufacturing has declined in Australia in favour of service-based industries over time. 
The nominal value of overseas exports of Queensland's manufactured goods, including processed 
minerals and metals, totalled A$17.6 billion in 2019-20, up 2.6% from the previous year.   
Construction 
The Queensland construction industry directly contributed 8.1% to the State's GVA, whilst also 
providing 9.8% of employment in the State in 2019-20.  
• 
Dwelling investment fell by 7.8% in 2019-20, which was the third consecutive decrease. 
o 
Dwelling investment in Queensland showed some tentative signs of a recovery ahead 
of COVID-19, driven by strong growth in renovation activity. However, the 
pandemic and related restrictions led to a significant decline of 5.9% in June quarter 
2020.  
o 
Activity in the dwelling sector was initially impacted by social distancing and 
business restrictions, but the crisis subsequently impacted more broadly by eroding 
confidence and demand from potential interstate and overseas buyers. However, as 
restrictions have been eased, there has been a material improvement across a range of 
indicators in the housing market, including building approvals, finance commitments, 
house prices and home buying sentiment.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
• 
Non-dwelling construction – which consists of non-residential building (shops, offices, 
factories, etc.) and engineering construction (mines, ports, roads, etc.) – fell by 8.9% in 2019-
20. 
o 
New engineering construction in Queensland fell by 12.8% in 2019-20, following a 
fall of 14.0% in 2018-19. The declines follow strong growth in 2017-18, reflecting 
the winding down of construction and renewable energy projects and a moderation in 
business confidence. 
o 
Non-residential building construction fell by 0.9% in 2019-20, following a 19.4% fall 
in 2018-19.  
Services 
Transport 
Queensland has 16 trading ports, most of which are equipped with bulk handling facilities for the 
major products of their respective regions. In addition, Queensland has two community ports and a 
number of non-trading ports located at regular intervals from Maryborough in the south-east to 
Burketown in the north-west. The Queensland railway network encompasses over 10,000 kilometres 
of track, which includes the electric main railroad line and heavy haul lines serving the major coal 
mines in Central Queensland. In 2018-19, the total tonnage throughput via Queensland port systems 
was estimated at 359.5 million tonnes (up 1.6% over the year). 
Competition has been introduced into rail freight with the privately owned Pacific National active in 
Queensland, while the coal and freight components of the previously government owned Queensland 
Rail (now 'Aurizon') have been privatised. Rail freight operators also compete with road haulage 
companies for Queensland's freight. Commodities which are moved substantially by rail include coal 
and minerals. Substantial amounts of containerised freight are hauled by both rail and road. 
The Queensland public road network is constantly being upgraded and extended to maintain its safety 
and viability.   
Queensland has two major and five secondary international airports (including the privately owned 
Wellcamp Airport in Toowoomba which commenced international passenger flight operations in 
October 2016), as well as a large network of commercial domestic airports and private airfields. 
Brisbane Airport is the third busiest in the country behind Sydney and Melbourne with 23.6 million 
passenger transiting in 2018-19. Following several years of construction, in July 2020 the Brisbane 
airport opened its completed new runway, which is expected to double the airport’s capacity. 
Communications 
Queensland is served on a state-wide basis by the national postal system and a number of major 
telecommunications companies. Two-way satellite communications are available in remote areas, 
providing education and other services to isolated residents. The State has a widespread non-
commercial television network principally operated by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation and 
the Special Broadcasting Service. In addition, three commercial television networks, each with 
numerous sub-channels, and a community television station operate within the State. Queensland has 
a widespread cable and satellite pay television service in operation, and comprehensive commercial 
and public radio networks.  
Broadband internet services are also available in all major centres across the State. The Federal 
Government is currently completing the national broadband network (the "NBN"), which is expected 
to be delivered through a 'multi-technology mix' network comprising fibre-to-the-premises/basement,

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
fibre-to-the-node, fixed wireless and satellite technologies. The NBN has the revised objective of 
providing data download rates of at least 25 megabits per second to all premises nationally, and at 
least 50 megabits per second for 95% of fixed line premises as soon as possible. As at 3 December 
2020, a total of 2,368,746 homes/businesses have been declared as ready to connect in Queensland, 
while a total of 1,551,306 homes/businesses have had services activated. 
Tourism 
Tourism directly accounted for an estimated 3.7% of overall output (gross value added, at basic 
prices) in the State in 2018-19 (latest estimate available). The success of tourism in Queensland is to a 
great extent attributable to certain natural advantages such as a favourable climate for vacations and 
one of the finest arrays of natural attractions in Australia, including the Great Barrier Reef and its 
islands, hundreds of kilometres of beaches, large wilderness areas, mountain panoramas, national 
parks, the tropical north, the Darling Downs and the outback.  
South of Brisbane is the Gold Coast, Australia's largest and most popular resort area. The Gold Coast 
is famous for its 32 kilometres of beaches which provide facilities for surfing, fishing, cruising and a 
variety of other sporting activities. West of the coast, the rugged rainforest-covered slopes of the 
MacPherson Range extend the Gold Coast's appeal to include mountain climbing, bushwalking, horse 
riding, national parks, waterfalls, and panoramic views. The Gold Coast's natural attractions have 
been supplemented by developments including theme parks, world class golf courses, extensive canal 
developments and internationally-recognised restaurants and entertainment venues.  
The Great Barrier Reef is a major attraction for both domestic and international tourists, and resorts 
have been developed on islands and centres on the coast. The waters of the Great Barrier Reef offer 
some of the best fishing in the world, and Cairns has become an international centre for big-game 
fishing, notably for black marlin. The Whitsunday Coast, on the mainland near the Whitsunday group 
of islands, has developed in the last decade in response to the increasing popularity of the Great 
Barrier Reef and its islands. The area offers reef and island holidays with daytrips and extended 
cruises to places of interest.  
A total of 1.7 million international tourists (defined as those arriving for holiday or visiting friends 
and relatives) visited Queensland in 2019-20. In total, they spent 26.3 million nights in the State with 
an average length of stay of 15.0 nights. Due to COVID-19-induced travel restrictions, the number of 
international tourists in Queensland fell sharply by 29.0% in 2019-20, with the number of tourist 
nights falling 26.9%. The international border closures have been in place since 20 March 2020. 
Traditionally, domestic tourism has been a larger market than international tourism in Queensland, 
although a significant amount of domestic tourism is from intrastate (Queenslanders travelling within 
Queensland). Tourists from interstate spent a total of 28.1 million nights in Queensland in 2019-20, 
down by 19.4% from the previous year largely due to COVID-19 travel restrictions.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP WITH THE COMMONWEALTH OF AUSTRALIA  
Prior to 1927, each state and the Commonwealth undertook borrowings on their own behalf, both 
domestically and in overseas financial markets. Limitations in the size of the capital markets and the 
inherent competition between the states and the Commonwealth led to the Financial Agreement in 
1927, recognising that it was in the interests of all to cooperate when borrowing in these markets. This 
agreement established the Australian Loan Council and the State Government's Loan Council 
Program (the "Loan Program") to determine and coordinate the public borrowings of the 
Commonwealth and the State Governments.  
Until the early 1970s, the Loan Program was the main source of funds for capital expenditure by the 
states. However, states found it increasingly necessary to rely on borrowing by semi-government 
authorities to fund capital expenditures. Most states established central borrowing authorities (such as 
Queensland Treasury Corporation) to co-ordinate the borrowings of semi-government authorities.  
The June 1990 Loan Council meeting agreed that the states would progressively take over 
responsibility for the debt issued by the Commonwealth on their behalf under the Financial 
Agreement, and that the Financial Agreement would be amended to permit the States to borrow in 
their own names in domestic and overseas markets.  
This debt has now been fully taken over by the states and territories. The Loan Council decision has 
also meant that from 30 June 1990, there have been no additional allocations of Australian 
Government securities to the states and territories.   
Overall, these arrangements replaced Commonwealth debt to the private sector with state and territory 
debt; they did not alter the financial position of the public sector as a whole. They did, however, 
represent a significant structural reform in Commonwealth-state financial relations. They placed full 
responsibility on the states and territories for the financing and managing of their own debt, thereby 
subjecting the fiscal and debt management strategies of individual state governments to greater 
scrutiny by the community and financial markets.  
From 1993-94, new Loan Council monitoring and reporting arrangements applied to the financing 
activities of Commonwealth and state governments. The major feature of these Loan Council 
arrangements was the switch in focus from gross borrowings to an aggregate based on net borrowings 
as indicated by a jurisdiction's deficit/surplus, with the latter being a more meaningful indicator of the 
impact of the public sector on the economy.  
Under the Loan Council arrangements, the Commonwealth and each state and territory was 
responsible for nominating its intended allocation, known as the Loan Council Allocation ("LCA"), 
based on its net borrowings adjusted to reflect certain transactions which may have the characteristics 
of borrowings but do not constitute formal borrowings (for example finance and operating leases). 
The emphasis of the arrangements is on credible budgetary processes rather than on the Loan Council 
attempting to enforce rigid compliance with a particular LCA. 
From 2018, the Loan Council unanimously agreed to remove Loan Council reporting requirements 
from UPF in an effort to reduce the administrative burden on jurisdictions. States and the 
Commonwealth will no longer report on LCA as part of their Budgets or other financial statements. 
The Loan Council also agreed that the administration of the UPF will be transferred from the Loan 
Council to the Council on Federal Financial Relations (the "CFFR"). In recognition of the reduced 
responsibilities resulting from these decisions, the Commonwealth does not intend to call another 
meeting of the Loan Council, unless future circumstances require it to reconvene.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
While this change is designed to reduce states’ administrative burden, it is not expected to impact the 
financing operations of Queensland. 
State Borrowing Guarantee  
On 25 March 2009, the Australian Government announced that it would provide a time-limited, 
voluntary guarantee over state government borrowings for a fee based on the underlying credit rating 
of the State. The legislation was passed by the Federal Parliament and received Royal Assent on 29 
June 2009, becoming operational on 24 July 2009. Queensland announced on 16 June 2009 that it 
intended to apply the guarantee to all existing Australian dollar benchmark bond lines which (at that 
time) had a maturity date between 12 months and 15 years. The Reserve Bank of Australia approved 
the Corporation's application for the Commonwealth Government Guarantee ("CGG") to be applied to 
its selected domestic bonds on 18 September 2009 and has issued CGG-eligibility certificates. 
On 7 February 2010, the Australian Government announced the withdrawal of its guarantee of new 
State borrowings undertaken after 31 December 2010. The one remaining CGG bond will continue to 
be guaranteed until maturity or until it is bought back and extinguished by the State. 
Since the withdrawal of the CGG, in order to re-establish a State Government Guaranteed ("SGG") 
yield curve, the Corporation has issued SGG bond lines in parallel to the existing CGG lines and also 
to fill maturity gaps. The Corporation also continues to offer investors (at its discretion) opportunities 
to swap some CGG lines for SGG lines. 
Commonwealth Grants  
Since World War II, the Commonwealth has acted as the sole income taxing authority, and annual 
general revenue grants have been paid by the Commonwealth to the states. The Commonwealth also 
has exclusive constitutional power to impose excise duty, a goods and services tax and customs duty. 
The Commonwealth raises no wealth taxes, estate or gift duties. The states impose payroll taxes, 
stamp duties and land taxes, and local governments impose taxes based on the rateable value of real 
property. 
At the 1985 Premiers' Conference it was agreed that tax sharing arrangements then in operation 
should be replaced by financial assistance grants to the states. The Commonwealth Grants 
Commission continued to make recommendations for the distribution of these general purpose 
payments based on the principle of horizontal fiscal equalisation. This principle requires state 
governments to receive funding which offsets the differences in revenue raising capacity and the cost 
of delivering services between states, such that, every state has the capacity to deliver comparable 
services and associated infrastructure at a similar tax burden.   
Financial assistance grants were paid in addition to grants provided by the Commonwealth to the 
states for specified purposes or with conditions attached. Although these grants for specific purposes 
have existed for much of the period since federation, their importance as a form of Commonwealth 
grant has increased significantly since the 1970s. 
Commonwealth-State Relations – the GST  
The introduction of a Goods and Services Tax ("GST"), a broad-based consumption tax, was the 
cornerstone of national tax reform introduced by the Australian Government on 1 July 2000. The 
reforms included significant changes to Commonwealth-State financial relations. All Australian 
Governments signed an Intergovernmental Agreement on the Reform of Commonwealth-State 
Financial Relations. 
The main features of the Agreement included:

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
• 
the provision to the States of all revenue from the GST. The principle of horizontal fiscal 
equalisation was endorsed as the method for distributing GST revenue amongst the states; 
• 
the abolition of financial assistance grants to the states; and 
• 
the abolition of a number of state taxes. In Queensland's case, this includes the abolition of 
nine taxes over time in order to improve the overall efficiency of the national taxation system.  
Queensland’s GST revenue is estimated to be $13,387 million in 2020-21 as published in the 
Commonwealth MYEFO.  
The Intergovernmental Agreement on Federal Financial Relations 
On 26 March 2008, the Council of Australian Governments agreed to implement a new framework for 
federal financial relations. The focus of the new framework was to significantly reduce 
Commonwealth prescriptions on service delivery by the states, in conjunction with clearer roles and 
responsibilities and outcomes-based public accountability. 
A new agreement – the Intergovernmental Agreement on Federal Financial Relations – commenced 
on 1 January 2009. The main features of the new framework included: 
• 
a reduction in the number of specific purpose payments, without reducing the overall level of 
payments. A large number of these payments were aggregated into five broader streams of 
funding supported by new national agreements in the areas of healthcare, schools, skills and 
workforce development, disability services and housing; 
• 
a focus on outcomes that improve the well-being of Australians, through improvements in the 
quality, efficiency and effectiveness of government service delivery, with reduced 
Commonwealth prescriptions on how the States achieve outcomes or deliver services, and 
enhanced accountability to the public for outcomes achieved or outputs delivered; 
• 
greater funding certainty to the States, with the new national agreements to be ongoing with 
periodic reviews to ensure the maintenance of funding adequacy and the relevance of 
objectives; 
• 
the provision of National Partnership payments by the Commonwealth to the States to support 
the delivery of specified projects and facilitate or reward nationally significant reforms; and 
• 
the continued provision of all GST revenue to the States. 
It is an on-going task for Queensland and other governments to ensure the original intent of the 
framework is maintained, given the different and competing priorities sometimes facing State, 
Territory and Australian Governments.  
New governance arrangements – Australian federal relations 
In May 2020, the Australian Government and state and territory governments agreed to new national 
governance arrangements, including reforming the Council of Australian Governments as a new 
National Federation Reform Council. 
First Ministers will continue meeting as National Cabinet and Treasurers will continue to meet as the 
CFFR. Under the new arrangements, the CFFR will have responsibility for overseeing the financial 
relationship between the Commonwealth and the states and territories. This includes taking 
responsibility for all funding agreements, including National Partnership Agreements, complementing

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
its existing responsibility for overseeing the Intergovernmental Agreement on Federal Financial 
Relations. 
National Health reform  
The National Health Reform Agreement (the "NHRA") commenced on 1 July 2012. In May 2020, an 
Addendum to the 2011 NHRA was signed by all jurisdictions and is to apply from 1 July 2020 to 30 
June 2025. Funding is being provided through a combination of activity-based funding for larger 
hospitals and block funding for smaller regional hospitals. Under the Addendum, the Australian 
Government funds 45% of the efficient growth in public hospital services, subject to a 6.5 per cent 
national cap on the growth of NHRA funding, irrespective of demand growth.  
In response to the COVID-19 outbreak, the Australian Government offered jurisdictions a National 
Partnership Agreement on COVID-19 Response (the "NPACR"). Under the NPACR, the Australian 
Government will provide a 50 per cent contribution for costs incurred by state health services in 
responding to the COVID-19 outbreak. Funding is uncapped, demand driven and will cover costs 
incurred from 21 January 2020 (when the virus was first identified as a ‘Listed Human Disease’ under 
the Biosecurity Act 2015 (Cwth)). 
The health response to COVID-19 has necessitated the temporary suspension of non-urgent health 
activity, such as most elective surgeries. Consequently, the Australian Government has provided a 
hospital funding guarantee for 2019-20 and 2020-21. Under the guarantee, the Australian Government 
will provide to Queensland, as a minimum, a set level of combined funding under the NHRA and the 
hospital services component of the NPACR. In 2020-21, it is estimated the Australian Government 
will provide Queensland with A$5.469 billion under the NHRA, including A$174 million in NPACR 
funding.     
National Disability Insurance Scheme  
The National Disability Insurance Scheme (the "NDIS") reached a major milestone with Queensland 
and Australian Governments entering into a full scheme agreement (the "FSA") on 9 July 2019.  
Queensland's transition to the National Disability Insurance Scheme (the "NDIS") was officially 
completed on 1 October 2020, when NDIS Full Scheme arrangements took effect. The NDIS is fully 
available in all areas of Queensland and to all eligible Queenslanders.  
From commencement of the FSA, Queensland will make fixed contributions of A$2.13 billion per 
annum (full-year value for 2020-21), escalated at 4% per annum until the 2028 review of scheme 
costs (at which point escalation rates will be reviewed).  
The Australian Government has committed to paying the balance of NDIS costs in Queensland, and 
will also provide Queensland with access to A$1.95 billion in DisabilityCare Australia Fund (DCAF) 
payments between 2019-20 and 2023-24.  
Quality Schools 
The Australian Government funding for the Government schools (excluding GST) under the Quality 
Schools policy will be A$2.034 billion in 2020-21 (A$8.926 billion over four years to 2023-24). The 
funding for Non-government schools (including GST) will be A$3.068 billion in 2020-21 (A$13.864 
billion over four years to 2023-24). 
In December 2018, the Government finalised a new five-year school funding agreement with the 
Australian Government to cover calendar years 2019 to 2023. This provides funding certainty to all 
Queensland schools and sectors, sets out the Government’s school funding contributions for the

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
following five years to December 2023 and secured approximately A$24.3 billion in Australian 
Government funding to government and non-government schools in Queensland from 2019 to 2023. 
2019 Commonwealth Grants Commission (the "CGC") Report on GST Revenue Sharing Relativities 
In February 2019, the CGC released its Report on GST Revenue Sharing Relativities – 2019 Update 
(the "2019 CGC Update Report") which considered changes in state circumstances to determine the 
distribution of GST. The 2019 CGC Update Report recommended a decrease in Queensland's share of 
GST revenue, with an underlying impact of A$583 million in 2019-20. The 2019 CGC Update Report 
outcome encompasses the impact of methodology changes on states' GST shares, as well as the 
impact of changes to states' circumstances and revisions to the data used in the CGC's assessments. 
A decrease to Queensland's GST share is based on CGC’s determination that Queensland has higher 
fiscal capacity per capita compared to other states. Queensland is assessed to have higher capacity to 
raise mining royalties as a result of higher coal prices and a greater share of Commonwealth 
payments. Queensland’s reduced GST share was partly offset by changes to the CGC’s methodology 
to once again reflect states expenses for local government disasters among other changes.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
QUEENSLAND GOVERNMENT FINANCES  
State Budgetary Strategy 
The Budget for each fiscal year is normally presented by the Treasurer to the Legislative Assembly in 
June prior to the commencement of the fiscal year, and incorporates details of estimated actual 
revenue and expenditures in the current fiscal year and budgeted revenue and the expenditure of 
moneys in the next and following three fiscal years. Approval for the raising of revenue is provided 
under various existing Acts of Parliament while Parliament approves expenditure via the 
Appropriation Acts on a yearly basis. 
With the Budget generally presented to Parliament in June, the Appropriation Acts are passed by 
Parliament around August/September after the Budget Estimates hearings. The Appropriation Acts 
approve expenditure for the upcoming financial year (i.e. the Budget year). These Acts also approve 
an aggregate amount of expenditure sufficient to provide for the normal services of Government for 
the first few months of the next succeeding financial year, until the Appropriation Bill receives Royal 
Assent. There is one Act for the Legislative Assembly and one for all other agencies.   
2019-20 State Budget and Mid Year Fiscal and Economic Review ("MYFER") 
The 2019-20 Budget, handed down on 11 June 2019, built on the commitments made by the 
Palaszczuk Government by continuing to invest in job-generating infrastructure and delivering better, 
essential frontline services for Queensland workers and their families. 
The 2019-20 Budget demonstrated the Government’s commitment to sound fiscal management, with 
operating surpluses projected across the forward estimates despite considerable fiscal pressures 
including significant downward revisions in the GST pool forecasts included in the 2019-20 
Australian Government Budget. Operating expenses were forecast to grow at an average annual rate 
of 2.3% over the four years to 2022-23. From 2020-21, revenues were projected to commence 
growing at a faster rate than expenses, with the gap widening across the remainder of the forward 
estimates. 
An A$49.5 billion capital program over four years, including A$37.1 billion in the General 
Government sector, was budgeted to invest in productivity-enhancing economic infrastructure and 
essential social infrastructure to create jobs, support Queensland businesses and drive economic 
growth across all regions of the State.  Mainly due to this investment, General Government 
borrowings were expected to increase over the period to 2022-23, but remain largely in line with the 
2018-19 Budget projections.  
In addition to the delivery of critical infrastructure in health and education services to meet the needs 
of Queensland’s growing population, the Government’s 2019-20 capital works program included a 
A$2.7 billion investment in infrastructure to support the ongoing delivery of safe, secure, reliable and 
cost-effective energy and water across the State, as well as A$5.6 billion investment in transformative 
transport infrastructure, including A$1.5 billion to commence major construction work on the A$5.4 
billion Cross River Rail project, and substantial ongoing investment to fund major upgrades to the M1 
Pacific Motorway and Bruce Highway. 
The first time adoption of AASB 16 Leases, saw lease liabilities and similar arrangements increase by 
A$2.2 billion in the general government sector and A$2.6 billion in the non-financial public sector at 
1 July 2019, with a corresponding increase in non-financial assets. This increase largely related to 
accommodation leases and has no economic impact on the State’s finances.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
The 2019-20 MYFER was released on 12 December 2019. The MYFER forecast a net operating 
surplus of A$151 million in 2019-20, only slightly lower than the A$189 million Budget estimate, 
despite global economic turbulence and a slowdown in domestic economic growth resulting in falls in 
commodity prices and further reductions in the size of the GST pool. It also forecast General 
Government sector net operating balances to remain in surplus across the forward estimates period. 
Despite the resulting revisions to royalties and GST revenue relative to Budget, revenue growth was 
projected to continue to outpace expenses growth over the forward estimates, consistent with the 
2019-20 Budget. 
Over the four year period to 2022-23, expenses were estimated to grow by an average rate of 2.1% per 
annum. At Budget, they were forecast to grow by 2.3%. Decreases in expenses over the four years 
reflected the Government’s commitment to delivering services to the public in the most efficient and 
effective manner possible.  
General Government sector borrowings were estimated to be around A$1 billion lower in June 2020 
than forecast in the 2019-20 Budget. Despite the impact of an increase in the capital program of A$2.3 
billion, to A$51.8 billion across the four years to 2022-23, non-financial sector borrowing with the 
Corporation were only expected to increase by A$322 million by 30 June 2023 compared to the 2019-
20 Budget. 
2020-21 Budget, C-19-FER and Update on the Queensland Fiscal Position 
With the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in Australia in the first quarter of 2020, and in line with 
the Australian Government and other State and Territory governments, Queensland’s 2020-21 Budget 
was delayed until December 2020, and the 2020-21 MYFER indefinitely postponed for Queensland. 
 
On 23 July 2020, the Queensland Treasurer released an Update on the Queensland Fiscal Position 
following the Fiscal and Economic Outlook provided by the Federal Treasurer. In this update, 
operating deficits of A$5.9 billion and A$8.5 billion were projected for 2019-20 and 2020-21 
respectively, with GST revenues falling up to A$2.5 billion compared to the 2019-20 MYFER. As 
these and other revenues fell, expenditure grew in the form of initiatives to protect Queenslanders’ 
health, Queensland jobs and Queensland businesses. General Government Debt including leases and 
securities and derivatives was projected to be A$43.8 billion in 2019-20, increasing to A$59.4 billion 
by 30 June 2021. 
 
On 7 September 2020, the Queensland Government released the COVID-19 Fiscal and Economic 
Review ("C19-FER") covering estimates for the 2019-20 and 2020-21 years. The net operating deficit 
for 2019-20 was A$5.9 billion, as expected at the July 2020 update, with the 2020-21 deficit falling 
slightly to A$8.1 billion from the A$8.5 billion estimated at that time.  
 
Total General Government Sector revenue in 2019-20 was estimated to be A$2.2 billion (or 3.7%) 
lower than the 2019-20 MYFER, with revenues in 2020-21 estimated to be A$5.5 billion (or 8.9%) 
lower reflecting the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting sharp declines across all 
major revenue lines, predominantly GST, taxes and royalties.  
 
General Government Sector expenses in 2019-20 were estimated to increase by A$3.9 billion (or 
6.4%) since the 2019-20 MYFER, with increases in 2020-21 expected to be A$2.9 billion (or 4.7%) 
as the Government provided significant immediate stimulus and longer-term economic recovery 
packages to support and assist businesses, households and communities.  
  
The 2020-21 Budget, was handed down on 1 December 2020, focused on economic recovery, with a 
pro-growth, pro-business policy focus underpinned by driving ongoing improvements in the

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
competitiveness and productivity of the State’s key industries to drive sustainable economic growth, 
job creation and improve living standards of all Queenslanders. 
 
In line with the C19-FER, expectation, the operating deficit for 2019-20 was A$5.734 billion with an 
estimated deficit of A$8.633 billion for 2020-21. The deficit position is expected to improve 
substantially over the forward estimates period as the economy recovers and support measures are no 
longer required. 
 
Since the 2019-20 MYFER revenue forecasts have been revised down by A$12.3 billion over the four 
years to 2022-23. A rebound in key revenues is expected in 2020-21, followed by a gradual recovery. 
Forecast revenue growth of 7.6% in 2021-22 is driven by a 9.3% growth in GST revenue as national 
consumption recovers, a 7.1% growth in taxation revenue as economic conditions improve, and a 
rebound in royalty revenue. 
 
Expenses increased by 7.9% in 2019-20 and are estimated to increase by a further 2.2% in 2020-21 
from an already high base, driven by the response to the pandemic. Expense growth is then expected 
to moderate significantly, with growth of 1.4% expected on average over the three years to 2023-24. 
Over the same period, revenue is expected to grow by an average of 5.6%. 
 
To assist with the funding of the Queensland’s COVID-19 economic recovery, the government is 
implementing a savings and debt plan within government services to deliver savings of A$3 billion 
over four years to 2023-24. The government has achieved 47%, or A$352.2 million of its savings 
target for 2020-21 through a range of measures. 
 
Queensland has also remained committed to a substantial infrastructure investment program, 
committing a total four-year capital program of A$56.031 billion in the 2020-21 Budget. The 
government’s Economic Recovery Plan to restore prosperity includes maintaining a significant 
infrastructure program as a major driver of economic growth and job creation and to give industry 
confidence to invest and generate jobs.   
 
Responding to COVID-19 has led to increased borrowings, driven by the General Government Sector. 
General Government Sector borrowing with the Corporation is estimated to be A$53.501 billion by 
30 June 2021. While this is in line with the A$53.148 billion projection outlined in C19-FER, it is a 
significant increase on the pre-crisis forecast of A$34.772 billion outlined in the 2019-20 MYFER. 
Despite rising borrowings, Queensland’s interest expense, the cost of servicing this debt, is forecast to 
be around 3.1% of revenue in 2020-21, well below the peak of 4.7% in 2013-14. 
Fiscal Principles 
The Financial Accountability Act 2009 requires the Treasurer to prepare and table in the Legislative 
Assembly a Charter of Fiscal Responsibility. The Charter sets the Government's fiscal objectives and 
the fiscal principles that support those objectives.   
The Treasurer must report regularly to the Legislative Assembly on progress the Government has 
made against the priorities stated in the Charter. This report is published each year in the Budget 
papers and MYFER. 
In its first Budget, the Palaszczuk Government set out five fiscal principles for the responsible and 
measured management of the State's finances. Following consideration of the Review of State 
Finances, prepared by Queensland Treasury, the Government refined the principles that relate to GGS 
debt and the size of the net operating surplus. As a result, the following six fiscal principles provided 
the framework for the recent Budgets, including a new principle adopted in the 2016-17 Budget to 
manage the rate of growth in the number of public servants:

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
• 
Principle 1 – Target ongoing reductions in Queensland's relative debt burden, as measured by 
the GGS debt to revenue ratio, 
• 
Principle 2 – Target net operating surpluses that ensure any new capital investment in the 
GGS is funded primarily through recurrent revenues rather than borrowing, 
• 
Principle 3 – The capital programme will be managed to ensure a consistent flow of works to 
support jobs and the economy and reduce the risk of backlogs emerging, 
• 
Principle 4 – Maintain competitive taxation by ensuring that GGS own-source revenue 
remains at or below 8.5% of nominal gross state product, on average, across the forward 
estimates, 
• 
Principle 5 – Target full funding of long term liabilities such as superannuation and 
WorkCover in accordance with actuarial advice, and 
• 
Principle 6 – Maintain a sustainable public service by ensuring overall growth in full-time 
equivalent employees, on average over the forward estimates, does not exceed population 
growth. 
As outlined in the 2020-21 Budget, like other Australian jurisdictions, Queensland is prioritising 
support for economic recovery over existing fiscal targets. Given this, some targets underpinning 
Queensland’s fiscal principles will not be achieved in the short to medium term. 
A new Charter of Fiscal Responsibility will be developed in the lead up to the 2021-22 Budget and 
include renewed, longer-term fiscal principles. Reporting against the existing fiscal principles will 
continue but remain under review ahead of the 2021-22 Budget. 
Principle 1 – Target ongoing reductions in Queensland’s relative debt burden, as measured by 
the General Government debt to revenue ratio 
The trajectory of the debt burden has shifted significantly due to the impact of COVID-19. The ratio 
of General Government debt to revenue was 76.6% in 2019-20 and expected to be 108.9% in 2020-
21. After 2020-21, the growth in Queensland’s General Government debt burden will moderate. 
Queensland’s debt to revenue ratio compares favourably to peer jurisdictions whose debt to revenue 
measures in 2020-21 are 120% and 156.7%, for NSW and VIC respectively. 
In August 2020, the government passed legislation to establish the first of the Queensland Future 
Funds – the Debt Retirement Fund. The Debt Retirement Fund is a long-term sustainable plan to 
alleviate the debt burden on future generations of Queenslanders. The purpose is to reduce the State’s 
borrowings. Assets totalling A$5.67 billion have been included in the Debt Retirement Fund as at 
C19-FER for 2020-21. The debt to revenue ratio is estimated to shift from 108.9% to 98.8%. 
Principle 2 – Target net operating surpluses that ensure any new capital investment in the 
General Government Sector is funded primarily through recurrent revenues rather than 
borrowing 
Having forecast an operating surplus prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, a General Government 
operating deficit of A$8.633 billion is forecast for 2020-21. The size of this deficit is forecast to 
reduce substantially across the forward estimates to be A$1.389 billion by 2023-24. 
New capital investment across the period from 2020-21 to 2023-24 will be funded from increased 
borrowings.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
Principle 3 – The capital program will be managed to ensure a consistent flow of works to 
support jobs and the economy and reduce the risk of backlogs emerging 
The government’s infrastructure investment commitment continues to be significant and gives 
industry confidence to invest and generate jobs. 
The budget sees the capital program including purchases of non-financial assets (capital purchases), 
acquisitions through finance leases, and capital grants expenses will increase to A$14.835 billion in 
2020-21. In the COVID-19 Fiscal and Economic Review (C19-FER), the government committed to 
maintaining a A$51.8 billion infrastructure investment program. The total capital program over the 
four years to 2023-24 is A$56.031 billion. 
Principle 4 – Maintain competitive taxation by ensuring that General Government Sector own-
source revenue remains at or below 8.5% as a proportion of nominal gross state product, on 
average, across the forward estimates 
At 8.3% for 2019-20 and 7.7% for 2020-21, this is lower than typically targeted reflecting revenues 
being materially affected due to the COVID-19-induced hit to the economy and government’s 
commitment to a range of revenue relief measures to help support Queenslanders. 
Principle 5 – Target full funding of long-term liabilities such as superannuation and WorkCover 
in accordance with actuarial advice 
This fiscal principle continues to be a central principle for the government’s Charter of Fiscal 
Responsibility and the associated fiscal strategy and objectives. Despite the impact of the crisis, 
commitment to this principle will continue through the economic recovery period, and it will continue 
to be part of the long-term fiscal strategy. 
Principle 6 – Maintain a sustainable public service by ensuring that overall growth in fulltime 
equivalent (FTE) employees, on average over the forward estimates, does not exceed population 
growth 
A more subdued rate of population growth in the near term has been brought on by the spread of 
COVID-19 constraining international and interstate migration to Queensland. Consequently, the 
average growth in public sector FTEs will exceed population growth. Growth in the health sector 
continues to be the largest driver of FTE growth. Excluding health and education FTEs, growth in 
FTEs for the rest of the sector remains lower than population growth. 
Operating Statement 
2019-20 Outcome 
On a UPF basis, the GGS recorded an operating deficit of A$5,734 million in 2019-20, compared to a 
restated operating surplus of A$985 million in 2018-19. The global COVID-19 pandemic had a 
profound negative impact on the 2019-20 net operating balance, with the combined effect of lower 
revenue due to the downturn in economic activity and a rise in GGS expenses to mitigate the effects 
of the crisis on businesses, households and industry.  
The fiscal balance remained in deficit, increasing from A$2,207 million in 2018-19 to A$9,158 
million in 2019-20, mainly due to the impact of COVID-19 on the net operating balance.  
Table 1 below provides aggregate outcome information for 2019-20.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
Table 1 
Key Financial Aggregates  
(UPF Basis) 
 
 
2016-17 
2017-18 
2018-19 
2019-20 
Actual  
Actual 
Actual 
Actual 
A$ million 
A$ million 
A$ million 
A$ million 
General Government Sector 
  
  
  
  
Revenue 
56,194 
58,087 
59,828 
57,764 
Expenses 
53,369 
56,337 
58,843 
63,498 
Net operating balance 
2,825 
1,750 
985 
-5,734 
Purchases 
of 
non-financial 
assets 
4,620 
5,126 
5,764 
6,291 
Fiscal balance 
560 
-587 
-2,207 
-9,158 
  
  
  
  
  
Public non-financial corporations sector 
  
  
  
Revenue 
14,650 
13,641 
14,256 
13,589 
Expenses 
12,251 
11,759 
12,587 
12,662 
Net operating balance 
2,398 
1,882 
1,669 
927 
Purchases 
of 
non-financial 
assets 
2,708 
2,509 
2,687 
3,156 
Fiscal balance 
2,101 
1,785 
1,471 
306 
  
  
  
  
  
Non-financial public sector 
  
  
  
  
Revenue 
64,855 
66,164 
68,329 
66,156 
Expenses 
61,278 
64,381 
67,368 
72,049 
Net operating balance 
3,577 
1,783 
961 
-5,893 
Purchases 
of 
non-financial 
assets 
7,291 
7,643 
8,460 
9,467 
Fiscal balance 
1,050 
-658 
-2,439 
-9,958 
* Where applicable, balances have been restated for changes in accounting policies, presentational and timing 
differences and errors. 
 
Revenue 
Meanwhile, revenues decreased by 3.45% (or A$2,064 million) in 2019-20, following an increase of 
3.0% in 2018-19. 
Commonwealth grants are the principal form of revenue for the State, accounting for almost half of 
budgeted General Government revenue, with taxes contributing around a quarter. Commonwealth and 
other grants decreased by A$666 million in 2019-20, mainly due to lower GST revenue driven by 
lower national GST collections following the COVID-19 economic downturn. These falls in revenue 
were partially offset by the Australian Government funding for health services and the bring-forward 
from 2020-21 grants for on-passing to non-Sate schools and Financial Assistance grants for local 
councils. 
Increased taxation revenue in 2019-20 compared to 2018-19 (A$420 million) was predominantly due 
to the introduction of a waste levy on landfill and guarantee fees from Queensland Investment 
Corporation.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
GGS other revenue was A$683 million lower in 2019-20 than 2018-19, mainly due to the impact on 
royalties of weaker demand during the COVID-19 pandemic.     
Expenses 
Based on actual results, General Government expenses increased by A$4,655 million (7.91%) in 
2019-20. Total expenses were A$119 million lower than the 2019-20 estimated actual in the 2019-20 
COVID-19 Fiscal and Economic Review, mainly due to lower than expected other operating 
expenses.  
Employee and superannuation expenses were 5.5% higher in 2019-20 consistent with the estimate in 
the 2019-20 Budget. The increases are mainly in the areas of Health and Education, reflecting the 
Government's commitment to revitalising frontline services. 
Grants expenses increased A$2.048 billion in the GGS, mainly due to the transition of disability 
services to the NDIS (A$499 million), increases in the on-passing of Commonwealth grants for non-
state schools (A$386 million) and payroll and land tax rebates and electricity subsidies to businesses 
(A$550 million) in response to the COVID-19 crisis. 
Depreciation and amortisation costs increased by A$582 million to A$4.033 billion for the GGS, 
mainly due to the adoption of AASB16, which brings additional assets onto the balance sheet and 
results in a reallocation from other operating expenses. 
Purchases of non-financial assets and borrowings 
Table 2 below provides data on the State's purchases of non-financial assets and borrowings.   
Table 2 
Borrowings 
(UPF Basis) 
 
 
2016-17 
2017-18 
2018-19 
2019-20 
Actual 
Actual 
Actual 
Actual 
A$ million 
A$ million 
A$ million 
A$ million 
Purchase of non-financial 
assets 
  
  
  
  
General Government Sector 
4,620 
5,126 
5,764 
6,291 
Public non-financial 
corporations sector 
2,708 
2,509 
2,687 
3,156 
Non-financial public sector(1) 
7,291 
7,643 
8,460 
9,467 
  
  
  
  
  
Borrowings 
  
  
  
  
General Government Sector 
33,240 
31,520 
32,202 
44,267 
Public non-financial 
corporations sector 
38,644 
37,992 
38,707 
40,700 
Non-financial public sector 
71,884 
69,511 
70,909 
84,960 
Notes: 
  
  
  
  
(1)      Under present Uniform Presentation Framework arrangements, budget and forward estimate data are not required for Public Financial 
Corporations, due to the difficulties in preparing robust projections of activity. No capital expenditure is assumed for this sector. 
The net worth, or equity, of the State is the amount by which the State's assets exceed its liabilities. 
This is the value of the investment held on behalf of the people of Queensland by public sector 
instrumentalities.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
Net worth of the GGS for 2019-20 was A$193,731 million as at 30 June 2020. 
Borrowings in the GGS were A$44,267 million at 30 June 2020, A$12,065 million more than in 
2018-19. Increases in borrowings reflects the reduction in cash flows from operating activities caused 
by lower revenues and rise in expenses as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and COVID-19 
balance sheet measures (including payroll tax and land tax deferrals and the Jobs Support Loan 
Scheme). 
Capital Purchases 
On a UPF basis, the General Government's purchases of non-financial assets (i.e. capital expenditure) 
in 2019-20 was A$6,291 million, A$527 million more than occurred in 2018-19.  
Forward Estimates 
Table 3 below provides a summary of the State's Forward Estimates on a UPF basis.   
Table 3 
Key Financial Aggregates forecasts (Summary) – 2020-21 Budget 
 
  
2020-21 
2021-22 
2022-23 
2023-24 
Budget 
Projection 
Projection 
Projection 
A$ million 
A$ million 
A$ million 
A$ million 
General Government 
Sector 
  
  
  
  
Revenue 
56,249  
60,504  
63,394  
66,326  
Expenses 
64,881  
64,806  
65,874  
67,715  
Net operating balance 
 -8,633 
 -4,303 
 -2,480 
 -1,389 
Purchases of non-financial 
assets 
7,572  
8,136  
8,078  
7,762  
Fiscal balance 
 -13,440 
 -9,085 
 -6,647 
 -4,370 
  
  
  
  
  
Public non-financial corporations sector 
  
  
  
Revenue 
12,607  
13,254  
13,321  
13,745  
Expenses 
11,981  
12,263  
12,320  
12,486  
Net operating balance 
626  
991  
1,002  
1,259  
Purchases of non-financial 
assets 
3,460  
3,674  
3,449  
3,242  
Fiscal balance 
 -30 
322  
556  
1,003  
  
  
  
  
  
Non-financial public 
sector 
  
  
  
  
Revenue 
64,271  
68,833  
72,064  
75,417  
Expenses 
72,908  
72,786  
74,152  
76,242  
Net operating balance 
 -8,637 
 -3,953 
 -2,088 
 -825 
Purchases of non-financial 
assets 
11,032  
11,811  
11,527  
11,004  
Fiscal balance 
 -14,101 
 -9,404 
 -6,700 
 -4,063 
Table 4 below provides data on the latest forecasts and projections of the State's purchases of non-
financial assets and borrowings.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
Table 4 
Borrowings and Purchases of Non-Financial Assets 
(UPF basis) 
 
 
2020-21 
2021-22 
2022-23 
2023-24 
Budget 
Projection 
Projection 
Projection 
A$ million 
A$ million 
A$ million 
A$ million 
Purchases of non-financial 
assets 
  
  
  
  
General Government Sector 
7,572  
8,136  
8,078  
7,762  
Public non-financial 
corporations sector 
3,460  
3,674  
3,449  
3,242  
Non-financial public sector 
11,032  
11,811  
11,527  
11,004  
  
  
  
  
  
Borrowings(a) 
  
  
  
  
General Government Sector 
61,263  
72,130  
81,605  
88,619  
Public non-financial 
corporations sector 
40,964  
40,964  
41,071  
41,110  
Non-financial public sector 
102,220  
113,087  
122,669  
129,723  
 
 
 
 
 
(a) Borrowing inclusive of leases, as per AASB 16.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
PUBLIC DEBT 
The public sector indebtedness of Queensland is comprised of a number of distinct categories; Public 
Debt to the Commonwealth, Other State Debt to the Commonwealth, Queensland Treasury 
Corporation Guaranteed Debt and Other Guaranteed Debt and Contingent Liabilities.  
During April 1995, the Australian Government and Queensland Government entered into an 
agreement (the "1995 Financial Agreement") whereby Queensland would pre-redeem its debt to the 
Commonwealth. This was carried out in July 1995.  
State Debt to the Commonwealth  
In addition to the funds lent to the States pursuant to the 1995 Financial Agreement, the Australian 
Government also lends funds to the States in accordance with a variety of agreed Commonwealth-
State programmes. In general, these funds are on-lent to borrowers in accordance with the terms of the 
agreed programme, with repayment being made to the State from the revenues of the ultimate 
borrowers. When on-lent by Queensland, the debt is generally secured by State claims on tangible 
assets of the ultimate borrower.  
The following table outlines the outstanding advances made by the Commonwealth under this 
category of debt. 
 
 
2019-20 
A$M 
2018-19 
A$M 
  
 
 
Advances – Commonwealth and State Housing   
263 
279 
Advances – Other 
90 
145 
  
 
 
Total other State debt to the Commonwealth and Treasury  
353 
424 
Guaranteed Debt On-lent by Queensland Treasury Corporation 
Queensland Treasury Corporation's primary function to date has been to act as a central financing 
authority for on-lending funds raised by it to Queensland Government Bodies. The Treasurer of 
Queensland, on behalf of the State Government, guarantees the Corporation's obligations under all 
debt securities issued by the Corporation. The Corporation's guaranteed debt (market value), as at the 
end of each of the last five fiscal years, and the distribution of this debt among various borrowing 
authorities is detailed in the following table: 
 
Distribution of debt 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
A$M 
A$M 
A$M 
A$M 
A$M 
Bodies within the Public Accounts 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Department of Education and 
Training  
53  
48  
43  
- 
- 
 
Department of State Development  
75  
 66  
58  
- 
- 
 
Department of Transport and Main 
Roads – Main Roads 
758  
749  
668  
- 
- 
 
Department of Transport and Main 
Roads – Queensland Transport 
105  
– 
 – 
- 
- 
 
Public Works – Department of 
Housing and Public Works 
14  
10  
9  
- 
-

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
Distribution of debt 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
A$M 
A$M 
A$M 
A$M 
A$M 
 
Queensland Health 
58  
43  
– 
- 
- 
 
Queensland Treasury 
37,324  
32,728  
30,400  
33,173 
41,923 
Other   
164  
185  
205  
210 
258 
Government Owned Corporations 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CS Energy Ltd 
966 
924 
720  
654 
658 
 
Energy Queensland Limited 
18,497 
17,767 
17,607  
18,912 
19,799 
 
Energex Limited 
– 
– 
– 
- 
- 
 
Ergon Energy Corporation Limited 
– 
– 
– 
- 
- 
 
Port Authorities & Facilities 
(various) 
947 
1,401 
1,403  
 
1,482 
 
1,184 
 
Powerlink 
5,526 
5,371 
5,355  
5,647 
5,742 
 
Stanwell Corporation Limited 
981 
937 
921  
970 
980 
Local Governments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Brisbane City Council 
1,927 
2,283 
2,195  
2,184 
2,314 
 
Cairns Regional Council 
96 
86 
110  
123 
171 
 
Fraser Coast Regional Council 
160 
138 
119  
103 
85 
 
Gladstone Regional Council 
171 
155 
144  
141 
131 
 
Gold Coast City Council 
876 
786 
723  
702 
698 
 
Ipswich City Council 
300 
280 
257  
345 
378 
 
Logan City Council 
292 
229 
214  
211 
271 
 
Mackay Regional Council 
224  
201 
185  
177 
161 
 
Moreton Bay Regional Council 
471 
444 
435  
443 
434 
 
Redland City Council 
59 
51 
45  
42 
45 
 
Rockhampton Regional Council 
172  
155 
132  
128 
148 
 
Sunshine Coast Regional Council 
340 
308 
307  
354 
592 
 
Toowoomba Regional Council 
215 
193 
181  
180 
201 
 
Townsville City Council 
409 
427 
396  
448 
440 
 
Other 
794 
713 
697  
722 
728 
Statutory Bodies 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Grammar schools 
114  
104 
94  
89 
107 
 
Seqwater 
11,522 
10,949 
10,827  
11,617 
11,882 
 
Unitywater 
432 
419 
416  
435 
443 
 
Universities 
334 
373 
407 
493 
505 
 
Water Boards 
246 
253 
280 
281 
255 
 
Other 
151 
202 
261 
336 
676 
Other Bodies 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DBCT Holdings Pty Ltd 
139 
130 
122  
113 
104 
 
Queensland Rail Limited 
3,455 
3,627 
3,666  
3,901 
4,149 
 
Queensland Urban Utilities 
2,124 
2,070 
2,067  
2,215 
2,551 
 
Other 
329 
296 
287  
299 
321 
Total Funds Onlent 
90,823 
85,102 
81,952  
87,129 
98,334 
Undistributed borrowings 
9,856 
13,361 
14,580  
14,884 
14,855 
Total Guaranteed Debt 
100,679 
98,463 
96,532  
102,013 
113,189 
The Corporation raises funds in both the domestic and international capital markets with the market 
value of borrowings under management as at 30 June 2020 at A$113.189 billion, which includes 
A$2.439 billion of debt issued under overseas funding programmes based on the prevailing rates of 
exchange at 30 June 2020. The Corporation hedges its foreign debt portfolio through interest rate and 
currency swaps and other hedging and currency switching transactions.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
The following table shows at 30 June 2020 the amount of contract maturities of the Corporation's 
outstanding indebtedness maturing over the next five years and for subsequent years. The face value 
of maturing paper is used in the maturity structure. Accordingly, comparisons with the market value 
of debt disclosed in the previous paragraph are irrelevant. 
 
Outstanding Indebtedness of QTC (Face Value) 
Maturity Analysis 
(in A$ millions) 
 
0-3 
3-12 
1-5 
over 5 
TOTAL 
 
months 
months 
years 
years 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Offshore Debt (1) 
1,322 
2 
0 
1,117 
2,441 
Domestic Debt (2)(3) 
3,538 
9,293 
33,524 
50,536 
96,891 
TOTAL (A$M) 
A$4,860 
A$9,295 
A$33,524 
A$51,653 
A$99,332 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. 
These totals have been translated into Australian dollars at a rate of exchange applicable at the balance date and do not include the net 
effect of currency swaps and forward currency contracts. They include U.S.$185 million outstanding under the Corporation's United 
States and European Commercial Paper Facilities as at 30 June 2020 (2019: U.S.$255 million) and U.S.$766 million outstanding under 
the Corporation's United States and European Euro Medium-Term Note Facilities as at 30 June 2020 (2019: U.S.$708 million). 
2. 
Maturities are included at face value. 
3. 
These totals include A$4,696 million outstanding under the Corporation's Australian dollar Treasury note facility as at 30 June 2020 
(2019: A$5,020 million). 
Outstanding QTC Debt 
OUTSTANDING DOMESTIC AUD INDEBTEDNESS 
as at 30 June 2020 
 
Coupon 
Rate 
Maturity Date 
Face Value 
Market Value 
(% per 
annum) 
 
(AUD) 
(AUD) 
QTC Bonds 
6.50% 
June 2021 
1,138,807,000 
1,801,317,917 
6.00% 
July 2022 
7,811,200,000 
8,927,122,553 
5.75% 
July 2024 
8,399,000,000 
10,374,118,932 
5.50% 
June 2021 
7,312,577,000 
7,695,625,677 
4.75% 
July 2025 
8,520,000,000 
10,429,523,937 
4.25% 
July 2023 
8,713,700,000 
9,892,244,597 
4.20% 
February 2047 
800,000,000 
1,097,480,182 
3.50% 
August 2030 
5,706,700,000 
6,940,210,835 
3.25% 
July 2026 
8,559,843,000 
9,917,106,662 
3.25% 
July 2028 
5,460,900,000 
6,442,232,449 
3.25% 
August 2029 
5,419,000,000 
6,419,410,053 
3.00% 
March 2024 
29,500,000 
32,473,971 
2.75% 
August 2027 
6,487,000,000 
7,345,242,648 
2.25% 
April 2040 
903,000,000 
930,128,524 
2.25% 
November 2041 
1,167,500,000 
1,179,271,675 
1.75% 
August 2031 
3,027,000,000 
3,122,903,385 
1.75% 
July 2034 
1,250,000,000 
1,247,191,116 
Treasury Notes 
Various 
July 2020 
529,000,000 
528,938,709

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
Various 
August 2020 
642,000,000 
641,922,340 
Various 
September 2020 
2,790,000,000 
2,789,324,947 
Various 
October 2020 
655,000,000 
654,804,764 
Various 
November 2020 
100,000,000 
99,941,241 
Various 
December 2020 
529,000,000 
528,938,709  
 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes 
1.08% 
November 2024 
2,300,000,000 
2,298,266,822 
1.15% 
February 2023 
2,800,000,000 
2,802,091,263 
 
 
 
 
Other Loans 
Various 
2020 
45,604,002 
45,947,268 
Various 
2021 
62,940,000 
64,408,966 
Various 
2022 
100,745,000 
105,637,844 
Various 
2023 
75,863,000 
78,323,984 
Various 
2024 
19,250,000 
19,669,712 
 
 
 
 
Total 
 
96,910,457,168 
110,404,184,828 
OUTSTANDING OFFSHORE INDEBTEDNESS 
EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
as at 30 June 2020 
 
Year of 
Issue 
Coupon 
Rate 
Maturity Date 
Currency 
Face 
Value 
(AUD) 
Market 
Value 
(AUD) 
2011 
1.73% 
September 2039 
CHF 
168,449,137  
224,260,727  
2014 
2.65% 
April 2039 
JPY 
203,240,692  
280,073,030 
2016 
1.64% 
November 2046 
EUR 
745,751,339  
958,568,906  
2020 
0.69% 
June 2050 
EUR 
89,948,078 
89,688,562 
Total 
 
 
 
1,117,441,169 
1,462,902,664 
 
COMMERCIAL PAPER 
as at 30 June 2020 
 
Year of Issue 
Yield 
Maturity 
Currency 
Face Value 
(AUD) 
Market Value 
(AUD) 
2020 
0.88% 
July 2020 
GBP 
134,287,610 
134,284,075  
2020 
0.89% 
July 2020 
GBP 
188,002,655  
187,997,705  
2020 
1.83% 
July 2020 
USD 
145,846,189  
145,845,903  
2020 
1.80% 
July 2020 
USD 
58,338,475  
58,337,418  
2020 
1.80% 
July 2020 
USD 
291,692,379  
291,686,094  
2020 
1.80% 
July 2020 
USD 
51,046,166  
51,044,882  
2020 
1.81% 
July 2020 
USD 
15,022,157  
15,020,046  
2020 
1.76% 
July 2020 
USD 
437,538,569  
437,520,329  
2020 
0.88% 
July 2020 
GBP 
134,287,610 
134,284,075  
Total 
 
 
 
1,321,774,204 
1,321,736,452 
Other Guaranteed Debt and Contingent Liabilities 
Under the provisions of the Statutory Bodies Financial Arrangements Act 1982 (as amended by the 
Statutory Bodies Financial Arrangements Amendment Act 1996 and the Statutory Bodies Financial

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
Arrangements Amendment Regulations), financial arrangements entered into by a statutory body may 
be guaranteed by the Treasurer on behalf of the Government of Queensland. That legislation also 
preserves similar guarantees given under legislation that it replaced. In addition, the Economic 
Development Act 2012 preserves guarantees of borrowings of other bodies made under the Statutory 
Bodies Financial Arrangements Act 1982.  
The Queensland Government also guarantees all insurance policies issued prior to 1 December 1996 
by the Suncorp Insurance and Finance Corporation ("Suncorp"). Suncorp, together with Suncorp 
Building Society and Queensland Industry Development Corporation merged with Metway Bank 
Limited with effect from 1 December 1996. Pursuant to the provisions of the State Financial 
Institutions and Metway Merger Facilitation Act 1996, policies or contracts of insurance or indemnity 
issued by Suncorp prior to 1 December 1996 will continue to be guaranteed by the Queensland 
Government. 
Exchange Rate of the Australian Dollar 
Exchange rates for the major currencies in which debt of Queensland Treasury Corporation and 
Queensland is denominated, expressed as an Australian dollar against the foreign currency equivalent 
are shown in the table below:  
 
Currency 
Year–average 
2014-15 
2015-16 
2016-17 
2017-18 
2018-19 
2019-20 
US Dollar 
0.8372 
0.7285 
0.7542 
0.7754 
0.7154 
0.6714 
Japanese Yen 
95.54 
85.01 
82.27 
85.56 
79.50 
72.60 
Swiss Franc 
0.7892 
0.7135 
0.7476 
0.7526 
0.7117 
0.6561 
Pounds Sterling 
0.5305 
0.4917 
0.5949 
0.5760 
0.5527 
0.5329 
Euro  
0.6961 
0.6564 
0.6919 
0.6499 
0.6269 
0.6069 
NZ Dollar 
1.0757 
1.0907 
1.0587 
1.0853 
1.0668 
1.0545 
Source:  Thomson Reuters.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
The Dealers have in an Amended and Restated Distribution Agreement dated 25 January 2021 (the 
"Distribution Agreement" as amended, supplemented, novated and/or restated from time to time) 
agreed with the Issuer as to the basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes. Notes may also be issued to persons other than Dealers. Dealers and such other 
persons are referred to as "Dealers". Any such agreement for any particular purchase will extend to 
those matters stated under "Conditions of the Notes" and "Form of the Notes" above. In the 
Distribution Agreement the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment of the Facility and the issue of the Notes. The Issuer or (as to itself) 
a Dealer may terminate the arrangements for the issue of Notes under the Facility by giving written 
notice to the Dealers or to the Issuer and the other Dealer(s), as the case may be. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations promulgated thereunder. The 
applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not 
applicable. 
In connection with any Notes which are offered or sold outside the United States in reliance on an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under Regulation S 
("Regulation S Notes"), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Facility will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver such 
Regulation S Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution, of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Regulation S Notes are a 
part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Each Dealer has 
further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Facility will be required to agree, that it 
will send to each dealer to which it sells any Regulation S Notes during the distribution compliance 
period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Regulation 
S Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act.   
Dealers may arrange for the resale of Notes to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such Purchaser 
of Notes is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A.  The minimum aggregate principal amount 
of Notes which may be purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A is U.S.$200,000 (or the 
approximate equivalent thereof in any other currency).  To the extent that the Issuer is not subject to 
or does not comply with the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or the 
information furnishing requirements of Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, the Issuer has agreed to furnish to

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
holders of Notes and to prospective Purchasers designated by such holders, upon request, such 
information as may be required by Rule 144A(d)(4). 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Facility will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member 
State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any Member State 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for the Notes; and 
• 
the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in 
relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to 
the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to 
obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any 
such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA"),

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes; and 
• 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Facility will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will 
not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the 
issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of FSMA by the 
Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or 
the Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No.25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Facility will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign 
Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant 
to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA 
and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
Australia  
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Australia)) in 
relation to the Notes has been lodged with or registered by the Australian Securities and Investments 
Commission. 
Each Dealer has and each further Dealer appointed under the Facility will severally represent and 
agree with the Issuer that: 
(a) 
in connection with the distribution or sale of the Notes in Australia, it will comply with the 
laws of Australia; and 
(b) 
in connection with the distribution or sale of the Notes generally, it will not offer or sell the 
Notes to any person that the employees of the Dealer acting in connection with the offer or 
sale know or have reasonable grounds to suspect is one of the Issuer's Offshore Associates 
other than one acting in the capacity of a dealer, manager, or underwriter in relation to the 
placement of the Notes or in the capacity of a clearing house, custodian, funds manager or 
responsible entity of a registered scheme (within the meaning of the Corporations Act 2001 
(Australia)). 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Facility will be required to agree 
to co-operate with the Issuer with a view to ensuring that Notes are offered for sale in such a manner 
which will allow payments of interest or amounts in the nature of interest on the Notes to be exempt 
from Australian withholding tax under section 128F of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 
(Australia), as amended. 
An "Offshore Associate" is an associate (as defined in Section 128F of the Income Tax Assessment 
Act 1936 (Australia)) of the Issuer that is either a non- resident of the Commonwealth of Australia for 
Australian tax purposes which does not acquire the Notes in carrying on a business at or through a 
permanent establishment in Australia or, alternatively, is a resident of Australia for Australian tax 
purposes that acquires the Notes in carrying on a business at or through a permanent establishment 
outside of Australia.  
Canada 
The Notes will not be qualified for sale under the securities laws of any province or territory of 
Canada. Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Facility 
will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or distributed and will not offer, 
sell or distribute any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to or for the benefit of any resident of 
Canada, other than in compliance with the applicable securities laws thereof. Each Dealer has also 
represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Facility will be required to 
represent and agree that it has not and will not distribute or deliver this Base Prospectus, or any other 
offering material in connection with any offering of Notes in Canada, other than in compliance with 
the applicable securities laws thereof. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Facility will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, 
any Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) (the "SFO") other than (a) to "professional 
investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong 
(the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of 
the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued, or had in its possession for the purposes of issue and will not issue, or have 
in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the 
contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if 
permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes 
which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to 
"professional investors" as defined in the SFO of Hong Kong and any rules made under the 
SFO. 
New Zealand 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Facility will be 
required to represent and agree, that: (1) it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not directly or 
indirectly offer, sell, or deliver any Note; and (2) it will not distribute any offering circular or 
advertisement in relation to any offer of the Notes, in New Zealand other than:  
(a) 
to "wholesale investors" as that term is defined in clauses 3(2)(a), (c) and (d) of Schedule 1 to 
the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 of New Zealand (the "FMC Act"), being a person 
who is: 
A. 
an "investment business";  
B. 
"large"; or 
C. 
a "government agency", 
in each case as defined in Schedule 1 to the FMC Act; and 
(b) 
in other circumstances where there is no contravention of the FMC Act, provided that 
(without limiting paragraph (a) above) the Notes may not be offered or transferred to any 
"eligible investors" (as defined in the FMC Act) or any person that meets the investment 
activity criteria specified in clause 38 of Schedule 1 to the FMC Act. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Facility will be required 
to acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Facility will be required to represent and agree that it has not 
offered or sold or caused any Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause any Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase, nor will it circulate or distribute this Base Prospectus or any 
other document or material in connection with the offer or sale or invitation for subscription or 
purchase of any Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (1) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the 
SFA, (2) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of 
the SFA, or to any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (3) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with, 
the conditions of any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is:  
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned 
by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary is an accredited investor,  
securities or securities-based derivative contracts (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest howsoever described in that trust shall not be 
transferable within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or 
to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of 
the SFA;  
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification – Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Facility are ‘prescribed capital markets 
products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in 
the MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and in the MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the 
Notes. Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Facility 
will be required to represent and agree that the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or 
indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and no 
application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or 
multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be 
publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
The PRC 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Facility will be 
required to represent and agree that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will offer

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
or sell any of the Notes directly or indirectly in the PRC, except as permitted by the applicable laws or 
regulations of the PRC. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Facility will be 
required to represent and agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or 
delivers the Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, 
approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of the Notes under 
the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such 
purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any other Dealer shall 
have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers represents and agrees that Notes may at any 
time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for 
facilitating such sale.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
TAXATION 
AUSTRALIAN TAXATION  
The following summary is of a general nature and is included herein solely for information purposes. 
In particular, it does not discuss the treatment of High Interest (premium) Notes. It is based on the 
laws in force in Australia as at the date of this Base Prospectus, though it is not intended to be, nor 
should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. Prospective investors in the Notes should therefore 
consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including 
Australian tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Australian Interest Withholding Tax 
Generally, interest paid by the Issuer on the Notes (including amounts in the nature of interest, such as 
original issue discounts, or premiums on redemption) to either a resident of Australia who derives the 
interest in carrying on business at or through a permanent establishment outside of Australia, or a non-
resident of Australia, who does not derive the interest in carrying on business at or through a 
permanent establishment in Australia, is subject to interest withholding tax at the rate of 10 per cent. 
A person who is not a resident of Australia within the meaning of the Income Tax Assessment Act 
1936 (Australia) and who does not derive the interest in carrying on business at or through a 
permanent establishment in Australia and who has acquired or acquires any of the Notes will not incur 
or become liable for any Australian income tax (other than interest withholding tax) on interest, or 
amounts in the nature of interest, payable in respect of the Notes. Special rules apply to the taxation of 
Australian residents who hold the notes in the course of carrying on business at or through a 
permanent establishment outside Australia (which vary depending on the country in which that 
permanent establishment is located). 
Under the double taxation treaties between Australia and certain contracting states (including the 
United States, the United Kingdom, France, Switzerland, Germany, Japan, South Africa, Norway, 
Finland and New Zealand) no Australian interest withholding tax will be payable on interest derived 
by an entity which is entitled to the benefit of that treaty where, in general terms, that entity is a 
government body of the relevant Contracting State (including a body exercising governmental 
functions), a bank resident in the relevant Contracting State performing central banking functions or a 
financial institution resident in the relevant Contracting State which is unrelated to, and deals 
independently with, the Issuer. For these purposes, "financial institution" means a bank or other 
enterprise substantially deriving its profits by raising debt finance in the financial markets or by taking 
deposits at interest and using those funds in carrying on a business of providing finance. However, if 
the interest is derived as part of an arrangement involving back-to-back loans, Australian interest 
withholding tax will still be payable.   
The terms of issue and the procedures for the issue of the Notes are intended to satisfy the conditions 
for exemption from interest withholding tax under Section 128F of the Income Tax Assessment Act 
1936 (Australia), as amended. 
Interest (or an amount in the nature of interest) paid by the Issuer is exempt from Australian 
withholding tax under section 128F if the Issuer remains an Australian resident company (which 
includes Australian state-based statutory authorities) both at the time it issues the relevant Notes and 
at the time interest is paid in respect of the Notes, and a "public offer" test is satisfied. The public 
offer test is satisfied if the Notes are issued as a result of being offered for issue: 
(a) 
to at least 10 persons each of whom:

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
(i) 
was carrying on a business of providing finance, or investing or dealing in securities, 
in the course of operating in financial markets; and 
(ii) 
is not known, or suspected, by the Issuer to be an associate (as defined in section 
128F) of any of the other persons covered by this paragraph;  
(b) 
to at least 100 persons whom it is reasonable for the Issuer to regard as having acquired 
instruments similar to the Notes in the past or being likely to acquire instruments similar to 
the Notes in the future;  
(c) 
as a result of being accepted for listing on a stock exchange, where the Issuer has entered into 
an agreement with a dealer, manager or underwriter in relation to the placement of the Notes 
requiring the Issuer to seek such a listing;  
(d) 
as a result of negotiations being initiated publicly in electronic form, or in another form, that 
is used by financial markets for dealing in instruments similar to the Notes; or 
(e) 
to a dealer, manager or underwriter in relation to the placement of Notes who, under an 
agreement with the Issuer, offered the Notes for sale within 30 days in a way covered by any 
of paragraphs (a) to (d) above. 
In relation to the issue of Notes in global form (a "Global Note"), the "public offer" test will be 
satisfied if the Global Note falls within the description of "global bond" in section 128F(10). Broadly 
speaking, this will be the case if the following requirements are satisfied: 
(a) 
the Global Note describes itself as a global bond or a global note;  
(b) 
it is issued to a clearing house (as defined in section 128F(9)) or to a person as trustee or 
agent for, or otherwise on behalf of, one or more clearing houses;  
(c) 
in connection with the issue of the Global Note, the clearing house or houses confer rights in 
relation to the Global Note on other persons and will record the existence of the rights;  
(d) 
before the issue of the Global Note, the Issuer or a dealer, manager or underwriter, in relation 
to the placement of debentures on behalf of the Issuer, announces that, as a result of the issue, 
such rights will be able to be created;  
(e) 
the announcement is made in a way or ways covered by any of paragraphs (a) to (e) above 
(reading a reference in those paragraphs to "Notes" as if it were a reference to the rights 
referred to in paragraph (d) above and a reference to the "Issuer" as if it included a reference 
to the dealer, manager or underwriter); and 
(f) 
under the terms of the Global Note, interests in the Global Note are able to be surrendered, 
whether or not in particular circumstances, in exchange for other debentures issued by the 
Issuer that are not themselves Global Notes. 
The public offer test is not satisfied if at the time of the issue the Issuer knows, or has reasonable 
grounds to suspect, that the Notes or an interest in the Notes was being, or would later be, acquired 
directly or indirectly by an Offshore Associate of the Issuer other than one acting in the capacity of a 
dealer, manager or underwriter in relation to the placement of the Notes or in the capacity of a 
clearing house, custodian, funds manager or responsible entity of a registered scheme (within the 
meaning of the Corporations Act 2001 (Australia)).

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
Accordingly, the Notes should not be acquired by any Offshore Associates of the Issuer, subject 
to the exceptions referred to above. 
Even if the public offer test is initially satisfied in respect of the Notes, the exemption from interest 
withholding tax will not apply to particular payments of interest if, at the time of the payment of 
interest to a person, the Issuer knows or has reasonable grounds to suspect that such person is an 
Offshore Associate of the Issuer other than one receiving the payment in the capacity of a clearing 
house, paying agent, custodian, funds manager or responsible entity of a registered scheme. 
An "Offshore Associate" is an associate (as defined in Section 128F) of the Issuer that is either a non- 
resident of Australia which does not acquire the Notes in carrying on a business at or through a 
permanent establishment in Australia or, alternatively, a resident of Australia that acquires the Notes 
in carrying on a business at or through a permanent establishment outside of Australia. 
To reduce the risk that the public offer test will not be satisfied the Issuer has identified its known 
associates and has requested that they do not acquire any of the Issuer's securities which were issued 
outside Australia. 
Section 126 of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 (Australia) imposes a type of withholding tax at 
a rate that is currently 45 per cent. on the payment of interest on Notes payable to bearer if the Issuer 
fails to disclose the names and addresses of the holders of those Notes to the Australian Taxation 
Office. Section 126 does not apply to the payment of interest on Notes held by non-residents who do 
not carry on business at or through a permanent establishment in Australia where the issue of those 
Notes satisfied the requirements of Section 128F or where interest withholding tax is payable. 
However, the operation of section 126 in relation to Notes held in some circumstances is unclear. 
Section 126 will not apply in any circumstances if the name and address of the holder of the relevant 
Notes is disclosed to the Australian Taxation Office. The Issuer intends to comply with Section 126 
without withholding in relation to any of the Notes by advising the Australian Taxation Office of the 
name and address of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holders of the relevant Notes.  
The Commissioner of Taxation of the Commonwealth of Australia has expressed the view that 
payments by an Australian resident guarantor to non-residents in relation to interest are themselves in 
the nature of interest and subject to Australian interest withholding tax. However, that expression of 
opinion has no binding effect and, as a matter of law, it is unclear whether it is correct. Even if the 
Commissioner's view prevailed, he has also expressed the view in the Taxation Determination TD 
1999/26 that the exemption from Australian interest withholding tax under Section 128F will extend 
to payments made by a guarantor to a holder, on behalf of an issuer, in respect of debentures (such as 
the Notes) provided that the debentures are issued in a manner that satisfies the public offer test and 
which otherwise meets the requirements of Section 128F.  
If the Issuer is obligated by law at any time to withhold or deduct an amount in respect of any present 
or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Commonwealth 
of Australia or any political subdivision or authority thereof or therein having the power to tax, it will, 
subject to certain exceptions set out under Condition 7, pay such additional amounts as will result in 
the payment to the Holder concerned of the sum which would otherwise have been payable on the 
Notes. 
Australian Income and Other Taxes 
Under Australian law as currently in effect, a person who is a non-resident and who is a holder of 
Notes will not by reason only of that ownership incur or become liable for any Australian taxes or 
duties of whatsoever nature in respect of principal of or (except as described in "Australian Interest 
Withholding Tax" above, noting the exemption from that tax afforded by Section 128F where its 
requirements are complied with) interest, or amounts in the nature of interest (including original issue

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
discount, or premium, if any), in respect of, the Notes, provided that no such interest, amount in the 
nature of interest, or premium is derived in carrying on business through a permanent establishment in 
Australia. 
Under Australian law as currently in effect, no Australian income or other tax is payable on any profit 
on sale of the Notes which are always held by non-residents outside of Australia except if the profit 
from the sale has a source in Australia. A profit arising on the sale of the Notes by a non-Australian 
resident holder to another non-Australian resident where the Notes are sold outside Australia and all 
negotiations are conducted, and documentation executed, outside Australia, should generally not be 
regarded as having an Australian source. 
In the event that a profit from a sale of Notes is prima facie assessable in Australia, if the vendor is a 
resident of a country with which Australia has a double taxation treaty, then depending on the 
circumstances of the case and the terms of the relevant treaty, relief from Australian tax may 
nevertheless be available under the treaty. 
Australian holders of Notes will be required to include any gain on disposal of the Notes in their 
taxable income. Special rules apply to Australian residents who hold the Notes in the course of 
carrying on business at or through a permanent establishment outside Australia (which vary 
depending on the country in which that permanent establishment is located). 
Australian Inheritance Taxes 
Under Australian law as currently in effect, no Australian state or Federal estate duty or other 
inheritance taxes will be payable in respect of Notes held at the date of death regardless of the holder's 
domicile at the date of death. 
Australian Taxation of Financial Arrangements 
Specific rules concerning the taxation of financial arrangements (referred to as the "TOFA regime") 
may apply to the Notes, which may affect holders of Notes who are subject to Australian income tax 
other than Australian interest withholding tax.  However, the TOFA regime does not contain any 
measures that would override the exemption from Australian interest withholding tax available under 
Section 128F in respect of interest payable on the Notes.  
The OECD Common Reporting Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information 
(the "CRS") requires certain financial institutions to report information regarding certain accounts 
(which may include the Notes) to their local tax authority and follow related due diligence procedures. 
Holders of Notes may be requested to provide certain information and certifications to ensure 
compliance with the CRS. A jurisdiction that has signed the CRS Competent Authority Agreement 
may provide the information to other jurisdictions that have signed the CRS Competent Authority 
Agreement.  
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION 
The following information is of a general nature only and is included herein solely for information 
purposes. It is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor 
should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The information contained within this section is 
limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective investors in the Notes should therefore 
consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including 
Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
withholding tax or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law 
and/or concepts only. 
Withholding Tax 
(a) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on 
payments of principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on 
accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax 
payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
(b) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 
2005 as amended (the "Relibi Law") mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on 
payments of principal, premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, 
nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding 
tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident holders of 
Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying 
agent established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of 
Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be 
in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of 
the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will 
be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Accordingly, payments of interest under the 
Notes coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate 
of 20 per cent.  
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a 
common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia 
and Slovakia (the "participating Member States").  However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The proposed FTT has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain 
dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  The 
issuance and subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under current proposals the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating 
Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to 
the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States.  It 
may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  
Additional EU Member States may decide to participate.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Facility to 
be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market 
is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 
2014/65/EU). 
SIGNIFICANT OR MATERIAL CHANGE 
Save as disclosed on page 18 in the Risk Factor titled “The global outbreak of the novel coronavirus 
(COVID-19) has, and will continue to adversely affect the Australian and Queensland economies” 
and save as disclosed on pages 99-113 in the section titled “Queensland Economy”, in each case in 
relation to the impact of COVID-19, there has been no material adverse change in the financial 
position or prospects of the Issuer or the Guarantor and there has been no significant change in the 
financial performance or position of the Issuer or the Guarantor since 30 June 2020, being the date of 
the end of the Issuer's and the Guarantor's last fiscal year. 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus (save in respect of the 
documents set out in paragraph (h) below, which will be available for a period of 10 years following 
the date of this Base Prospectus), copies of the following documents will, when published, be 
available 
for 
inspection 
at: 
https://www.qtc.com.au/institutional-investors/news-and-
publications/euro-medium-term-note-program-supplementary-disclosures/:  
(a) 
the Statutory Bodies Financial Arrangements Act 1982; 
(b) 
the Queensland Treasury Corporation Act 1988; 
(c) 
any future annual and interim reports published by the Issuer together with the Issuer's annual 
and interim consolidated financial statements for those periods; 
(d) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(e) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(f) 
the forms of the temporary global, permanent global and definitive Notes; 
(g) 
the Deed of Guarantee; and 
(h) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Any future information memoranda and supplements including Final Terms (save that a Final Terms 
relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in 
the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and 
identity) will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, www.bourse.lu.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
AUTHORISATION 
The establishment of the Facility by the Issuer and the subsequent increases in its nominal amount 
were made pursuant to section 18 of the Queensland Treasury Corporation Act 1988. The giving of 
the Guarantee by the Guarantor was approved by the Governor in Council of the State of Queensland 
by Executive Council Minute dated 27 January, 1994. The update of the Facility was approved by the 
Chief Executive of the Issuer on 10 December 2020.  
CONSENTS 
There are no governmental or regulatory consents required for the execution and performance by the 
Issuer and, where relevant, the Guarantor of the Distribution Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the 
Deed of Covenant and the Deed of Guarantee. 
LITIGATION 
There are no and nor have there been any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have 
or have had during the last twelve months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus a significant effect 
on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
AUDITOR 
The Auditor-General of Queensland, Brendan Worrall, has audited the Issuer's financial statements, 
without qualification, in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in Australia for the 
financial years ended 30 June 2020 and 30 June 2019. The Auditor-General of Queensland has no 
material interest in the Issuer or the Guarantor. The Auditor-General of Queensland is a member of 
CPA Australia. The address of the Auditor-General of Queensland is Level 14, 53 Albert Street, 
Brisbane, Queensland 4000, Australia.  
CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The 
appropriate Common Code and ISIN and, if available, the FISN and/or CFI for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
In addition, the Issuer may make an application for any Notes in registered form to be accepted for 
trading in book-entry form by DTC.  The CUSIP and/or CINS numbers for each Tranche of such 
Registered Notes, together with the relevant ISIN, (if applicable) common code and (if available) the 
FISN and/or CFI, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If the Notes are to clear through an 
additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium. The address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.  The address of DTC is 55 
Water Street, 22nd Floor, New York, NY 10041-0099, USA. 
DEALERS CONFLICTS 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business 
activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively 
trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including 
bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers.  Such investments and

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies.  
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Facility. Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Facility. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that 
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
AUSTRALIAN EXCHANGE CONTROL RESTRICTIONS  
There is a prohibition on, or in some cases the specific prior approval of the Australian Department of 
Foreign Affairs and Trade or the Minister for Foreign Affairs must be obtained for, certain payments 
or other dealings connected with parties identified with terrorism or to whom United Nations or 
autonomous Australian sanctions apply.  The Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade 
maintains a list of all persons and entities having a proscribed connection with terrorism, or to whom 
United Nations or autonomous Australian sanctions apply, which is available to the public at the 
Department's website at http://www.dfat.gov.au/icat/UNSC_financial_sanctions.html. 
CONDITIONS FOR DETERMINING PRICE 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Facility will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
YIELD 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on 
the basis of the relevant Issue Price.  The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as 
at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
THIRD PARTY SOURCE 
Where identified as such, certain information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from a third 
party. This information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
HEAD OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Level 31, 111 Eagle Street, 
Brisbane 
Queensland 4000 
OFFICE OF THE TREASURER ON BEHALF OF THE STATE OF QUEENSLAND 
Level 38, 
1 William Street, 
Brisbane Qld 4000 
Telephone number: +61 7 3035 1933 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law 
To the Issuer as to Australian taxation law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Allen & Overy 
One Bishops Square, 
Level 25 
London E1 6AD 
85 Castlereagh Street 
 
Sydney NSW 2000 
 
 
DEALERS 
Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited 
28th Floor 
40 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5EJ 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Commonwealth Bank of Australia 
Citigroup Centre, 
60 Ludgate Hill, 
Canada Square 
1 New Ludgate 
Canary Wharf, 
London EC4M 7AW 
London E14 5LB 
 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
Winchester House, 
25 Bank Street 
1 Great Winchester Street 
Canary Wharf  
London EC2N 2DB 
London E14 5JP  
 
 
Merrill Lynch International 
National Australia Bank Limited, ABN 12 004 
044 937 
2 King Edward Street 
The Scalpel, 52 Lime Street 
London EC1A 1HQ 
London, EC3M 7AF 
 
 
Nomura International plc 
RBC Europe Limited 
1 Angel Lane, 
100 Bishopsgate, 
London EC4R 3AB 
London EC2N 4AA 
 
 
The Toronto-Dominion Bank 
UBS AG London Branch  
60 Threadneedle Street 
5 Broadgate,  
London EC2R 8AP 
London EC2M 2QS 
 
 
Westpac Banking Corporation 
Camomile Court 
23 Camomile Street 
London EC3A 7LL

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
LISTING AGENT, REGISTRAR AND PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
 
AGENT, TRANSFER AGENT AND EXCHANGE AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House, 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
 
 
UKO2: 2001739014.20